





                    This Is How Kendall Jenner Really Feels About Her Pepsi Ad
                







It's been a bad week.

 MORE >>





Kendall Jenner is the Fashion Icon of the Decade, and people are pissed.

The 21-year-old model is at the center of backlash once again after Fashion Media Awards announced she would be receiving the top honor at this year’s ceremony. While the Keeping Up with the Kardashians star has arguably become one of the runway’s most sought-after It-girls, many are outraged seeing how she’s not been around enough to be deemed an “icon” in the fashion world.


kendall jenner and more star sightings of the day








































20 Photos »


Confusion seems to be collective response on social media as critics argue that Kendall was just 11 a decade ago and has only been professionally modeling for six years.

Literally giving kendall jenner a fashion icon of the decade award is insulting
— yyy (@endylipa) August 30, 2017


Kendall’s outfits are nice and I always look forward to seeing what she wears but like fashion icon of the decade?? Idk about that
— ؘ (@journuls) August 30, 2017



I love Kendall but why would she get fashion icon of the decade award when she was a child for half of it
— jm (@asvpxjoyce) August 28, 2017


lol giving kendall jenner a fashion icon of the decade award when she’s been in the industry for less than 5 years is insulting ‍♀️
— son (@couIture) August 30, 2017


This is the first time in the Fashion Media Awards’ five-year run that will feature a Fashion Icon of the Decade Award. Photographer Mario Testino and Hearst’s chief content officer Joanna Coles will also be honored at the ceremony in New York City next week.
“We’re living in a digital decade and Kendall is the ultimate style influencer. [The] digital generation more than ever turns to social media to learn what’s next and Kendall has 83 million devoted Instagram followers, many of whom emulate her style. Kendall has also captured the hearts of the leading fashion magazines, photographers, and brands,” a spokesperson for the Daily Front Row says. “A fashion icon is someone who influences the look of a generation and Kendall has been making a huge impact on their style.”
For the record: This was what Kendall (and Kylie Jenner) looked like almost 10 years ago in 2008.





CREDIT: Noel Vasquez/Getty Images


/n