Today on "Feel Good" with me, Hannah, we're making a chocolate mousse with a secret ingredient. Avocado. [music playing] I love this recipe because it's the same consistency as a regular mousse, but it's totally guilt free. The key to this is using a ripe avocado. The difference between an unripe avocado is that it's green and hard to touch. But a ripe avocado is brown and very easy on the thumb. So I love this recipe because it's great for a dinner party because you can make it beforehand and chill it. The reason why you want to use a ripe avocado is so that it all blends very easily. After I add the avocado, I'm going to add the cocoa powder. And cocoa powder is full of antioxidants. I'm also going to add an unsweetened almond milk, which makes this a really great vegan dessert option. But if dairy's not an issue, then you can use any milk you want. Maple syrup as my sweetener. But you can use honey or agave instead. But it should definitely be liquid. I'm also going to add vanilla and a pinch of salt. Now I'm going to blend this on low for about two minutes. [clock ticking] [bell ding] This looks about perfect. Oh yeah. It's light and creamy. Exactly how we want it. I've made two servings here. And although you can consume this immediately and it is delicious, I think it's much better after you chill it for about 30 minutes. Whoa. Whoops. While this is chilling, I'm going to clean up and get ready for the best part-- toppings. Now comes the fun part. Here are all the toppings that I'm going to use, at least. But you can use whatever toppings you'd like. I'm doing a bunch of fruit. I've got raspberries, strawberries, and blueberries, which I think adds like a nice layer of sweetness as well as color. This is a great dessert to make for a dinner party because you could have a little toppings bar where everyone puts their own toppings on it which would be so cute. Then I've made coconut whipped cream, which I think is great, super easy, as an alternative to regular whipped cream. All you do is you take a can of coconut milk and you put it in the refrigerator overnight so that it hardens and separates. The top layer will be hard like this and underneath will be coconut water, which you can use for a smoothie or on its own. Then I'm going to add some cocoa nibs which give it a nice, crunchy layer, as well as some chia seeds. And even some coconut chips. Let's taste this. Mmm. This is amazing. I hope you enjoyed the episode this week. Catch me next time on "Feel Good" with me, Hannah.