Hey. I'm Hannah. And welcome to "Feel Good" with me. Today we're going to make a super simple and delicious flourless chocolate mug cake. All you need is a mug and a few ingredients. [music playing] We're going to start with eggs. We're going to add all the wet ingredients together at once. I like to use maple syrup as a sweetener. But you can use honey or agave, whatever you may have in your kitchen. We're going to add a little bit of vanilla and coconut oil to keep everything really moist. And I think the hint of coconut really adds to the overall flavor of the cake. I'm going to whisk this all together. Coconut oil can be used as a makeup remover and it can also be used as a post-shower or bath moisturizer. And it even works as a conditioner for the ends of your hair. So now that that's done, I'm going to add the cocoa powder. And you want to make sure you mix this really well because you don't want any chunks in your final cake. And I really love this recipe because it's pretty easy. It only takes a few ingredients. My nephew absolutely loves it. He's seven. And he's always looking for a sweet fix. I make it for him all the time when he comes over. I'm also just going to add a pinch of salt because I think it really kind of balances out the bittersweet chocolate flavor. Now that this is all mixed up, I'm going to add my walnuts. Although you can use any nut that you really want. Pecans, almonds, kind of whatever you have available. I like to chop the walnuts really small because it acts as a substitute for the flour and binds the entire recipe. Now I'll just put these in here. And if you're a chocolate lover like me, I'll just add a few extra chocolate chips. Now that this is done, I'm going to add everything to my mug. OK. I like to put the mug on a plate. Just in case it spills over, you've got less of a mess, and you can clean it up off the plate and not the microwave. I'm going to put it in for about 80 seconds. But mind you, every microwave is different. This smells amazing. So you can really top this with anything. I like to do chopped fruit. Maybe some whipped cream or some more nuts. Shredded coconut. Whatever really your heart desires. But this looks gooey and awesome. Let's give it a little try. It's probably pretty hot. Mmm. Thanks for watching, guys. See you next week on "Feel Good" with me, Hannah.