[music playing] SKYLER BOUCHARD: So what is Jianbing? We think about it like a savory crepe wrap. It's super common in China. You'll find it on most street corners in the morning. So, a savory crepe wrap? Right. Break it down for me. It starts out looking like a crepe. We have a batter that's thicker than a crepe batter. SKYLER BOUCHARD: How did you guys learn how to make these? Neither of us has a formal training background. Reuben basically worked on this recipe while he was living in Shanghai. So how did Reuben and Tadesh become friends with jianbing and start Jianbing here? TADESH INAGAKI: Well, we started at Smorgasburg, which is a big outdoor food festival that happens every weekend in Williamsburg. People are kind of going there in part to explore new food. That was a year ago, SKYLER BOUCHARD: One year ago. TADESH INAGAKI: Yeah, almost exactly a year ago. REUBEN SHORSER: The story actually begins back in middle school when Tadesh and I met at band camp. We met in seventh grade. SKYLER BOUCHARD: --at band camp, wow. It's like a romantic-- REUBEN SHORSER: It's ridiculous SKYLER BOUCHARD: It's like how'd you meet your husband kind of story. REUBEN SHORSER: Yeah, it's-- What was that moment where you like, we have to do a business with this? I remember being in Shanghai, like thinking about this. And I was kind of tired of my job. And I wanted to do something else. I was working there at a consulting firm. And I was talking to Tadesh, and I was like, do to think that this is a crazy idea? Or should I actually move back, and are we going to do this? And he was like, seems like a normal idea. Let's just do it. That's what-- - It's pretty normal. - Yeah. TADESH INAGAKI: Let's do it. All right, so the dough is down and I crack an egg. What does the egg do for the dough here? For one, of course, it's about the flavor. It also kind of holds the whole thing together. Very crispy. Oh my gosh, that smells so good. Scallions? REUBEN SHORSER: Yep. SKYLER BOUCHARD: Cilantro. Lovely. What's this? REUBEN SHORSER: This here is a pickled mustard root. It's called zha cai in Chinese. It's kind of salty and a little bit sour. TADESH INAGAKI: OK, so we've got two different sauces. This we call 13 sauce. It's super unique. It's also got like orange peel, and ginger, and cloves. And this last piece is super important actually. SKYLER BOUCHARD: Is this what makes it a jianbing? TADESH INAGAKI: Yeah. This is actually a cracker that we make ourselves as well. It's kind of a labor of love because they're not that easy to make in large quantities. SKYLER BOUCHARD: Really? TADESH INAGAKI: It was really important to us from the beginning to make the original jianbing. And that's why every part of this we're making ourselves. SKYLER BOUCHARD: Wow. TADESH INAGAKI: And there you are. REUBEN SHORSER: There it is. SKYLER BOUCHARD: Look at that. That's gorgeous. Mmm, this is really good. TADESH INAGAKI: Awesome. REUBEN SHORSER: Awesome. Well, you guys know each other more than I know you both. So I'm going to switch it up a little bit and have you guys ask each other questions. What was the most unexpected thing about starting Jianbing Company? Oh, right. Honestly, I feel like it's the intensity of the work. Perhaps the most unexpected thing is how smoothly it's gone for us overall. For the past year it's gone almost like, I think, better than we expected. Right, yeah, yeah, well, let's-- So what advice would you give to anyone trying to start their-- any millennial trying to start a food business right now? To work with a partner, for sure. You know, if either-- if it was only either one of us doing this, we could not have done it. TADESH INAGAKI: Yeah. Yeah, you got to have two people. How do you like working with each other as friends? How do you maintain that balance? Yeah, it's definitely not-- it's not easy. No, it's not easy at all. And we've like-- we often say, so we've known each other for a super long time, including at school, but we've learned more about each other than we did during the extent of our friendship. [music playing]