[music playing] MELISSA TAVSS: This is our boozy ice cream flight. This is kind of a play off of like what you would get at a distillery if you were going to like taste different whiskies. So how did you even get into this? Well, I love cocktails. And I used to work for different wine and spirits brands. I was like 26. I went back to NYU because I was like, I don't know what I want to do, and then on the side kind of started doing events with Tipsy Scoop. It really was an accidental business, like I didn't know what I was doing. I was making the ice cream in Tupperware in my kitchen one pint at a time. One pint took 20 minutes. SKYLER BOUCHARD: Oh, I'm so excited to try these. Let's dig in. MELISSA TAVSS: There is liquor in there. It's 8:00 in the morning. Oh man. It's OK. If you saw the amount of liquor that comes in and out of our production facility, I don't know what they think we're doing, but-- They're probably worried. What's the percentage? So it's up to 5% alcohol by volume, the equivalent of a light beer. All the ice creams are like what I like. So I try to like make the cocktail first and then like translate into an ice cream or a sorbet. SKYLER BOUCHARD: And how do you get the consistency on this? Like a lot of recipes call for a shot of vodka or like a shot of bourbon to like soften it. Then I was like, how cool would it be if it actually held an alcohol content. Yeah. MELISSA TAVSS: So this is like the fan favorite. And it's kind of a mouthful to say-- dark chocolate whisky salted caramel. That's the full name. Dark chocolate whisky salted caramel. Yeah. OK. Mm. And this is only in the retail store. This is only in our store, yes. In the store front. Yeah, exactly. [music playing] MELISSA TAVSS: Brick and mortar really wasn't like in the business plan, but what happened was we have a commercial kitchen up in East Harlem and people started coming there like thinking it was an ice cream shop. After that happened, we were like, we've got to-- We've got to find a way to get flights of liquor-infused ice cream to the people because they need that. What was the hardest thing? MELISSA TAVSS: We just like didn't know what we were doing, which was kind of a blessing because we weren't like scared. But there were so many hurdles that we had to jump over. Because there's alcohol infused into the ice cream, It was really hard to get it into grocery stories. SKYLER BOUCHARD: Legally. MELISSA TAVSS: They like pulled it from the shelves. So how do we card people for it? So now we have like federal government approval declaring it a non-beverage. We don't need a liquor license to sell it. We just have to card people. The most important thing that I learned was you really have to be persistent. Do you think that you would have been able to do this before social media and the internet? Before I had the Instagram following, I really depended on my friends and family for word-of-mouth. The social media component is huge, but you still have to put yourself out there. It really just is crazy how fast it can get your name out there. I mean, it's really hard to start something new that people don't know about. But it's kind of about just like taking a bet on yourself. Go with your gut and then everything else will figure itself out. Well, thank you so much. This was delicious. And it was so great to hear your story. Thank you for coming. I'm going to take these to-go. MELISSA TAVSS: Thanks for coming. SKYLER BOUCHARD: Thank you. [music playing]