Hurricane Harvey has devastated the city of Houston, Texas and its surrounding areas, and the city remains in recovery as thousands of people remain stranded while rescue efforts are still underway. These eight fashion and beauty brands are lending a helping hand by donating proceeds from purchases to various charities and organizations to aid the victims of the unprecedented storm. By making a purchase, you’ll also be making a donation to The American Red Cross, The United Way, The Houston Food Bank or animal rescue organizations in an effort to supply basic necessities and rescue those missing, displaced and impacted by Hurricane Harvey.This Houston-based jewelry brand is donating 100 percent of proceeds from the purchase of this necklace to the many local shelters in desperate need of supplies for the victims in Houston.Buy It! Antique large Texas necklace, $65; goldenthreadshop.comAll sales made on Wednesday, August 30, will be matched and donated to the Houston Food Bank to help the Gulf Coast recover from Hurricane Harvey.Buy It! Beautyblender Royal, $20; beautyblender.comFrom now through Sunday, September 3rd, Ariel Gordon Jewelry will be donating $100 from every order to the American Red Cross to help victims affected by Hurricane Harvey.Buy It! Diamond Dust bracelet, $420; arielgordonjewelry.comOn Thursday, August 31 only, 50 percent of all sales will be donated to the United Way’s Hurricane Relief Fund.Buy It! Buchanan dress, $429; shoshanna.comFrom now through Labor Day, Fallon Jewelry is offering 25 percent off your cart in order to donate a portion of the proceeds to the Dallas DogRRR rescue organization helping to rescue animals affected by Hurricane Harvey.Buy It! Fallon Monarch Margaret drop earrings, $190; fallonjewelry.comOne hundred percent of the proceeds made from sales on Wednesday, August 30 only, will be donated to the American Red Cross.Buy It! Reptile Maxi Dress, $99; evalongoria.comNow through September 12th, Lime Crime will be donating 100 percent of sales of their Beet It Matte Velvetine lipstick to the American Red Cross.Buy It! Beet It Matte Velvetines Lipstick, $20; limecrime.comOn Wednesday, August 30 only, 50 percent of all sales will be donated to the relief efforts of Hurricane Harvey.Buy It! Relaxed Jumpsuit, $118; aveclesfilles.comYou can also donate to the above causes at redcross.org, dallasdogrrr.org, unitedway.org and houstonfoodbank.org./n