 There could be some confusion, discord, and upset in the air today. There may be arguments and misunderstandings among friends and family. Try not to add fuel to the fire. If a person is getting a little hot under the collar, just listen. Be understanding and empathetic instead of trying to prove that you're right, especially if you are!
 Today's a good day to work toward the goals you've set, Aquarius. The aspect of the day influences your ability to focus on the necessary steps to achieve what you want. No goal is too big! Each step you take toward it will give you focus and improve your life. As time goes by, you'll discover that what previously seemed out of reach is now within your grasp.
 You might feel like doing something different today, Aquarius. Everyone needs a break from the regular grind and this is a good time to try something new. Perhaps you feel like varying your routine. If this is your day off, you might spend the day doing whatever strikes your fancy. Try a new wardrobe style. Go to a movie. Do something to spice up your life today.
 A sudden desire for independence from the confines of a job, stagnant home life, or relationship that isn't working could seem irresistible right now, Aquarius. You might have some outrageous ideas for changing jobs, moving, or finding a new partner. These ideas might be more workable than they seem, but this isn't the day to make decisions. Wait a few days and then consider your ideas again.
 Try then try again today, Aquarius. It can feel terrible to fail at something. Sometimes you just want to hide rather than face the possibility of humiliation. If success is important to you, you need to overcome your embarrassment and fear. Most people have to try more than once, especially when striving for important goals. Don't give up. Your goals are worthy of the effort.
 Don't fall into the self
 The energy you feel today may have you so jittery that others don't know what to do. The day's aspects can really bring a boost and you'd be wise to plan to do things so you have an avenue to spend it all. Get busy with physical chores. Pull things out, organize, move furniture around 
 Is it time to take a more drastic approach to solving a problem, Aquarius? If you've made several attempts to resolve your trouble to no avail, it might be something to consider. As long as drastic doesn't equate with destructive, you may find it works to try something more aggressive. Be careful. Think things through first. Run any ideas past a trusted friend.
 You may find it hard to relate to others verbally, Aquarius. You may have everything figured out in your head, but the words get in the way as soon as you share your ideas. Talking with someone else may add confusion instead of clarity to the situation. The other person's energy seems to affect your perceptions. Stay grounded despite your frustration.
 Things are apt to remain quite orderly for you, Aquarius. Even though your heart may want to soar into the clouds, you'll find that there's a stable side to the equation that's working to keep things in perspective. You might want to consider making a greater commitment to someone you love. You're of a sound and solid mind to do so now.
 As career and money matters continue to advance, your self
 Things may be unstable for you this morning, Aquarius, but improve quite a bit by the end of the day. If you can, you should probably just sleep this morning. Get a full amount of rest so you can fully enjoy the latter part of the day. This will leave you with plenty of energy so you can make the most of your night with someone special.
 Some news about money, perhaps a check in the mail you've been waiting for still might not come. This could be frustrating, Aquarius, especially since there isn't much you can do about it. It will come, so the best thing to do is distract yourself and get your mind off it. Find a good book and catch up on your reading!
 If you're single, Aquarius, you might feel a little down today. All your friends who are in relationships may have plans while you go home alone. Relax. Many people in relationships aren't necessarily happy. They have their own problems and sometimes feel lonely and frustrated. There are certain advantages to being single. Make the best of it today and enjoy yourself!
 Aquarius, your intuition is increased today to the point where you feel like a mind reader, like you could deduce the thoughts and motives of people you've never met before. Reading about news events might bring sudden insights as to how they're going to turn out. You could decide to put this ability to work advancing your financial condition. Do this if you can, within reason. Your insights are probably correct!
 Acknowledgement for work well done could come your way, Aquarius, as those around you suddenly seem to see you in a new light. In some cases, a touch of fame could result. This could pertain either to your career, personal life, or both. Either way, it boosts your enthusiasm and self
 Some facts that you may need for certain projects might prove elusive today, Aquarius. No matter what website or periodical you consult, you'll probably come across some interesting stuff but not exactly what you're looking for. If the task isn't urgent, it might be a good idea to put it off for a bit. Otherwise you'll spend too much time looking for the impossible.
 Are you preoccupied today, Aquarius? Something that means a lot to you could require some careful consideration so you might be quieter than usual. Loved ones may think that you're ill, upset, or even angry. Talk to them about what's on your mind. Let them know why you're quiet. That should relieve their fears and they might even be able to help.
 News of an unexpected career break could come your way, Aquarius. This can be exciting and it should make a big difference in your life. This time definitely calls for some modesty. If you act too proud or thrilled, you might stir some envy among your colleagues, and this could come back to haunt you later. Save your excitement for your family.
 You might feel like your heart requires a bit more attention than usual, Aquarius. There could be a close loved one who is even needier than you. Either way, this situation is going to cause tension in an important relationship. If you're not currently involved with someone, this is probably for the better. Things aren't always as they seem.
 Your steady nature will be greatly appreciated today, Aquarius. A well thought out plan of attack is the one that wins approval from the higher
 You have a great day ahead of you, Aquarius. Everything will work out like clockwork. By the end of the day, you'll still have the energy to do something fun with your evening. It's a wonderful day for group activities. If you aren't involved in any, why not try a sport, hobby, music, or art?
 Today you may be confronted with one of the harsher aspects of your personality, Aquarius. It can be a bit of a shock when such a thing happens. It may be that your temper flares or you wrestle with feelings of jealousy. You're normally on top of your emotions, and losing control in any way is upsetting. Don't fret. You're human like everyone else. Learn what you can from the experience and move on.
 The planetary positions are telling you to watch what you eat, Aquarius. Why don't you think about eating more fruit? Buy the nicest fruit you can find and really be good to yourself. What you do for your body will bring great benefits in a week or two. It's time to get a lot of sleep, too.
 It's time to be more aggressive regarding your needs, Aquarius. Think of your heart as a powerful muscle that needs a tough workout. You'll want to surround yourself with positive people who believe in you and support your efforts. Pump yourself up with vitality and self
 There may be some tension in the air for you, Aquarius. Large forces are moving through your life that are suddenly coming into conflict. People who have been on a certain path for a long time now have to face the music. How well have you physically and mentally prepared? The strength of your framework is now being tested against the prevailing winds.
 You're able to get quite a bit accomplished today, Aquarius, as long as you're the one taking action. Don't let other people be in charge. Your power may come in energetic, erratic bursts, so use this to your advantage. Maintain a level head and you will be able to cut through your day's work like a warm knife through butter. Whatever you do, don't give up.
 If someone says something you disagree with or disapprove of, Aquarius, speak up. The person might assume you agree unless you say something. Your words can be forceful without being offensive, your approach assertive and not argumentative. State the facts as you see them. Don't act in a condescending way toward others. This will only make the dynamic more difficult to deal with.
 There's tremendous discipline in your way of thinking, Aquarius, which is helping you advance toward your goals. Don't expect that you will solve every problem right away. Keep in mind that you will be able to sort through issues more efficiently. Once you have things sufficiently fleshed out, it will be easier to put the pieces back together. Stay detached instead of getting emotionally involved.
 Not much will happen until you decide to give up a few vices that have a serious effect on your well
 Try not to spend too much time on one issue today, Aquarius. It's possible that you'll get so wrapped up in it that that you'll find it hard to deal with anything else. Take care of one issue the best you can and move to the next without dwelling on the first. Your focus is strong, and you can tackle many issues efficiently.
 You may want more freedom in a certain situation, Aquarius. Perhaps it's your emotions that you want to distance yourself from, or it feels like someone is smothering you. On the one hand, you long for company and intimacy to fill an inner void. On the other, you resent having to be so needy. Make sure you're whole before you sink too deeply into a relationship.
 Today is a very expansive day for you, Aquarius. Long
 When it comes to situations regarding love and romance, it might not be a bad idea to lighten up a bit now, Aquarius. You might be taking things way too seriously in this area of your life. Consequently, it's difficult for others to get close. You may very well intimidate them. Take a more fun
 Things may get a bit hostile today, Aquarius. No one wants to budge from his or her position. You could be caught between mind and heart issues. Both sides are unforgiving and unwilling to give up control. Your best bet is to try to find compromise wherever possible. You may not get the exact solution you want, but you will get one that's workable for all parties involved.
 The astral energy indicates that you may have extra money in your pocket, Aquarius. Take care to invest this money wisely rather than spend it all. You will be happier sacrificing short
 Stop your pondering over something and do it, Aquarius. This is a day to be spontaneous and adventurous. Although this may feel a bit foreign and against your usual grounded nature, it would be a good idea to take this time to do something on a whim and see where it takes you. Don't be afraid of the unknown. The future is an exciting concept because it's unknown. Embrace it.
 Today you may be influenced by a person (probably a man) who exudes the kind of determination that is produced by a combination of spiritual and intellectual strength and faith. This is what they're talking about when people speak of a leader of great integrity. The encounter with this person is likely to inspire you to commit to some good work, perhaps a charity.
 Information gleaned from friends could find you focusing on a new goal, Aquarius. You may have a lot of ideas about projects you want to take care of, and today you may realize which one has top priority. Start moving! Whatever you do, find out what you need before you start. There's a chance you might waste time running from place to place looking for necessary materials.
 The train is headed out, so you'd better hop on, Aquarius. People won't be too sympathetic to your emotional sob story today, so keep it quiet. Whining will most certainly get you kicked off the train altogether. The energy of today is teaching you to toughen up. Don't take it personally, but realize that there are important lessons to learn. One is to know when to be silent and obedient.
 Things may be moving a bit too quickly for your liking today, Aquarius. Make sure you continue at your own pace so you don't get pushed into something you don't want to do. Eliminate all fear from your being. The more receptive and accepting you are, the more opportunities will come your way. Have faith in yourself and your actions by not falling prey to whatever the crowd is doing.
 Connect with the stable, grounding energy of the day, Aquarius, but beware that tension may come in the form of fast talk and misinformation. People could be fickle and frantic. Wait for the dust to settle before you pick a road to travel. Impulsive decisions may lead you down paths that aren't the best choice for you now. Relax and try not to think about it too much!
 Sometimes it's better to be lucky than smart, Aquarius. You'll learn this today as good fortune puts you in the right place at the right time. You may meet someone who makes a big difference to your career. Perhaps he or she turns you on to a good job prospect or introduces you to someone who ends up being a business partner. Your life may change if you're open to possibilities.
 Other people's stubborn attitudes may hinder your progress today, Aquarius, so take this as a hint that you might need to loosen your grip on a certain viewpoint you're fiercely clinging to. There's a great deal of power behind your emotions, and you need to express it. Jump onstage and take the podium. Speak your mind even if you don't always agree with the group.
 Put aside frivolity for a day, Aquarius. This is an important time to prepare for the future. Don't take another step before you know you're on solid ground. This is an important time to establish your goals. Writing them down will help you realize them in life. Think about the long
 Make practical use of the thoughts you've synthesized in the last few days, Aquarius. Stretch your boundaries and extend your wisdom to the people around you. This is a day to take action. Connect with your heart and move forward with your plans. We normally think of our hearts as soft, tender, and vulnerable. Think of your heart today as tough, strong, and adventurous.
 No one is going to cater to your needs today, Aquarius, so get up and do things on your own. There's little sympathy from others, and strong opinions are a dime a dozen. There's a great deal of gossip buzzing around that you may be tempted to join. Don't enable this sort of behavior. It's only going to alienate you from others in the end.
 Expand your mind to its furthest reaches today, Aquarius. There's an incredible opportunity opening up in which you can make great strides in a creative realm. Follow the music today. Pick up an instrument, go to the record store, or listen to a live band. Let the artist within you have room to shine. Shoot for a goal and don't stop until you reach it.
 You may feel like you're being double
 The energy of the day is erratic, and you will probably be hopping all over the place, Aquarius. Don't worry about trying to firm up any plans at this time. You may feel like you're trying to grab a slippery fish with greased hands. If so, don't worry about it. Let the fish swim away for now. Relax. You can always catch another one later if you need to.
 Take some of that knowledge you've gathered and processed over the past few weeks and begin to spread it around, Aquarius. It's time to put your communication skills to work. Your emotions are strongly tied to your actions, and things will take on a much lighter tone than they have had in the past couple of days. Take deep breaths and find a way to release your pent
 The pace of things is likely to slow compared to what it was yesterday, Aquarius. This is probably best. Take this time to plan and stabilize. You've plowed, sown, and reaped the fields. Now stop and assess what you've produced and decide what to do with it. Take things one step at a time and don't get ahead of yourself. Be patient and things will naturally come your way.
 Your sense of self may be challenged today, Aquarius, and you might have trouble keeping your seat during the joust. Keep in mind that the way others see you isn't necessarily the way you are. Don't feel like you have to change direction to please anyone. Your only responsibility is to you. Bizarre events may occur, urging you to change your thinking.
 Today is a fantastic day for you, Aquarius, so enjoy yourself fully. Your emotions will be stable and you have a very expansive sense of well
 Inspiration is the key for today, Aquarius. You may feel highly motivated to move on with what others consider impossible. Impossibility has never stopped you before, and you aren't likely to let it stop you now. You're more likely to consider all contingencies carefully in order to make them work. Friends could be inspired by your vision and determination and follow your example.
 Family issues play an important role in your day, Aquarius. Speak from the heart and tell your kin how much they mean to you. In general, you might feel reserved with your energy. Don't feel like you have to make any great strides right now. It's more a time in which you can enjoy what you've worked for. Kick back and reap the rewards of all your hard work.
 You probably aren't going to feel like socializing even though friends want you to go out with them. Your patience could be worn a bit thin, Aquarius, and you may get annoyed at incidents that normally wouldn't bother you. This isn't a good day for group activities or parties. It might be best to get a good workout and then rest. You will feel much better afterward.
 Even though all continues to go well for you, Aquarius, your mood may vacillate today. In spite of all the great things in your life, at some time during the day you might feel a little blue. Don't read too much into it. It's probably just the result of low biorhythms. Try to distract yourself with physical activity. Go out with some friends and have a good time this evening.
 As your professional dreams unfold, Aquarius, you may worry about the downside. First, there are new responsibilities that you might doubt your ability to fulfill. Second, you might be catapulted into an uncomfortable new realm of office politics. Don't let these matters put a damper on your enthusiasm. You have what it takes to fulfill the first concern and the wisdom to avoid the second. Onward and upward.
 If you spend the day at home, Aquarius, the walls may seem to close in around you. Squabbles over nothing could erupt between you and other household members, and a lack of energy could plague you. This is a good day to get some exercise. Take a walk, ride a bike, or take a cardio class. This should work off your frustrations while creating more physical energy.
 More pleasant conditions that are a lot easier to deal with could lull you into a new sense of security in your relationships. Personal and professional interactions should be especially warm and supportive. This should last for a while, Aquarius, but then the situation will probably revert to whatever it was before. Make the most of the situation while it lasts. Don't expect it to be permanent.
 Romance may be very much on your mind today, Aquarius, though not necessarily in a positive way. Doubts and insecurities could take over your thoughts. Does a current or potential romantic partner share your feelings? Direct communication with the one in question could be premature, so it might be best to try to remain objective and judge the situation accordingly. Meanwhile, take it day by day.
 A disagreement with a friend or family member could cause confusion and hurt feelings if it isn't nipped in the bud. Communication is the key, Aquarius. Avert misunderstanding by explaining in detail exactly what it is you need or what you're prepared to give. Don't assume everyone knows this already. Do this in person if you can. Phone or email might not be as effective.
 It's possible you took a chance on someone who has disappointed you, Aquarius. You were especially tolerant and patient, but now it's time to finally settle things and put your cards on the table. Don't be afraid to do what you have to do in order to protect yourself and the people you love.
 Your life is taking off in many different directions, Aquarius. Everything seems to be expanding at once. It may be difficult to get a solid grip on any one thing. Try not to get overwhelmed. Take it one step at a time and remember to maintain a good sense of humor in every situation. Keep things light and energetic.
 You might find that your emotions are going through a powerful transformation, Aquarius. Use it to add a bit of spice and passion to your day. Set the tone by showing people that you have something to say and you aren't afraid to say it. Put a humorous spin on everything you do. This attitude will get you through any locked door.
 Certain love and romance matters may cause some tension, Aquarius. Inflated egos may get in the way of important communication that needs to take place for harmony between you and your romantic partner. You're a bit more argumentative than usual. Sparks of disagreement are likely to flare into bonfires if you aren't careful. Keep a fire extinguisher handy.
 This is an excellent day in which your thinking is clear and your emotions stable, Aquarius. Use this powerful combination of a solid frame of mind and compassionate feelings to express yourself in a sincere, positive fashion. There's a great deal of power on your side helping you track down your goals and get exactly what you want.
 There's a bit of rigidity in the air today that might leave you feeling as if you're butting heads with everything you come in contact with, Aquarius. Try not to get too bent out of shape if people disagree with your opinions. People need their space, and emotions will be operating at a fairly high level. Consider this during all your encounters.
 Your family life will give you a lot of work today. Some of your relatives may express a desire for independence and some might even try to rebel. If you don't want to lose your cool, Aquarius, you should try to step away from all the excitement. It shouldn't be too difficult for you to succeed.
 Even though you should watch your finances, you have a tendency to spend a lot of money, Aquarius. Happily, you have the opportunity to make a lot of profit. Your investments are solid, and you will soon benefit from them. Don't spend your newfound wealth on frivolous things. You will fulfill your objectives if you're vigilant.
 Today the stars advise you to get back into the swing of things, Aquarius. You will forget your past frame of mind and be able to prepare for a new adventure. Your vitality will be as strong as it has ever been. You will probably meet someone who has a beneficial influence in the days to come.
 You may be tormented by an important decision today, Aquarius. The good news is that once you make up your mind, you will feel much better about yourself. Until then, however, you may vacillate from one side to the other. Asking others for advice may put you in even more of a quandary. The only one who can decide your path is you.
 Your brain may be on one side of the fence today while your emotions are on the other, Aquarius. The challenge will be to find a working resolution between them. Your mind is moving toward a more sensitive and receptive approach, while your heart is in more of an attack mode. Unfortunately, these two energies don't normally work well together. Your job is to find a healthy balance.
 What are you waiting for, Aquarius? You aren't going to meet anyone new by staying inside all the time. You aren't going to become a rock star if you never pick up an instrument. Don't do anything halfway today. If you love someone, tell him or her. You never know what will happen tomorrow. Take control and express your true feelings.
 You may need to make some slight adjustments in order to get through to people today, Aquarius. The pace may be a bit faster than you'd like. Remember that people aren't mind readers. They won't be sensitive enough to pick up on your subtle messages. If you want to get something across, state it clearly and succinctly. Feel free to explore the unconventional and bizarre.
 Today is an excellent day for you, Aquarius. You will discover many opportunities. You would do well to work with others by tuning into your sensitive nature and chiming in to the energy of the group. Your grounding and stability are exactly what are needed to give order to the fluctuating, indecisive minds you're working with.
 Your intuitive side is aligning with your rational side today, Aquarius. Listen to your emotions. Take a sensitive approach to all people and situations. Your head may be up in the clouds. Take elements of this lofty perspective and incorporate them into your conscious mind. Run away with your fantasies. Nurture your loved ones.
 There's a strong force working to oppose you today, Aquarius. Another's unbending attitude may be holding you back from things you're trying to accomplish. Take the time to see the other side of the situation. You can gain a great deal of perspective and come to a healthy point of balance, thanks to the events of the day. Don't back down from your viewpoint just because everyone doesn't agree with you.
 Don't get upset if people don't take you quite as seriously as you'd like today, Aquarius. It's in the nature of the day to keep things light and uplifting. Come out of the intensity of the last couple days and laugh out loud. Don't stress over things you don't understand. Go with the flow and keep smiling. You can't go wrong as long as you join in the good cheer and merriment of the day.
 Today is a terrific day for taking the plunge or making an investment, Aquarius. Luck and prosperity are in your favor, and you have the opportunity to make some very profitable financial decisions. Your intuition is right in line with what you need to do. Make the best deal possible and provide a fair and secure future for you and your investment.
 Be aggressive with your thoughts today, Aquarius. You might feel a bit emotionally detached. You will most certainly want your freedom. Spend some time alone to sort things out. An ex from years ago might appear on your doorstep, so don't be too surprised when he or she shows up. Take a nonjudgmental attitude toward everything you encounter.
 Today is an excellent day to say exactly how you feel, Aquarius. Your thinking is sharp and clear. Once you start talking, you may never stop. People will listen extra carefully to your words. You have a great deal of influence, so realize how much impact you have on the environment. You will be able to accomplish a lot.
 If you don't say exactly what you mean today, Aquarius, you might get into trouble. Don't compromise your values just to maintain the peace. Love and romance are favorable for you, but only if your attitude is relaxed and carefree. Your emotions will be quite strong, so do your best to balance them with a rational frame of mind.
 You may feel emotionally stuck, Aquarius. Perhaps you feel your sensitive, loving nature isn't fully appreciated. Today is energetic and lively, but you'd rather sit home and relax. Your best strategy is to do just that. Why is it so hard for some people to see that doing nothing is really doing something 
 Aquarius, the cosmic signs indicate that your emotional universe will once again glow with positive energy. You will meet more people, and your encounters are likely to be profoundly gratifying, emotionally and intellectually. All told, the coming month is wonderfully promising for you. Two key things to anticipate are pleasure and sensuality.
 This should be a pretty good day, Aquarius. You will find a greater than usual sensitivity to your needs. One thing to be aware of is fast talkers who might make elaborate promises that they have no intention of keeping. Slow and steady wins the race, and you're the master of this technique. Your patience and sensitivity are invaluable on a day like this.
 You may have some trouble communicating today, Aquarius. It's as though something is distorting your perception. Don't be surprised if once evening comes you feel like forgetting about everything and traveling to the other side of the world. Tomorrow you will see clearly again. Without a doubt, there are adventures in store for you!
 Be open and communicative about your feelings today, Aquarius. Most people find it easy to share facts or concrete information. The challenge is to share something from your heart. Don't think that feelings always need to be kept secret. Just the opposite is true. Make sure you leave the channels open for emotional expression.
 Expect a boost to your communication skills today, Aquarius. If you often experience difficulty expressing your true feelings, this will be a welcome change for you. Consider talking things over with anyone you have unresolved issues with. With added strength and confidence, you should be able to work the problems out quickly and relatively painlessly.
 You may feel a strange tension. It seems that nothing you say or do is quite right, Aquarius. As much as you may try to do the correct thing, you can't make things click the way you'd like. Try not to raise your expectations too high. Let go of the idea that things are going to work out exactly the way you want. You may not even know what's best for you in the end.
 Have you noticed a certain strain on your emotions, Aquarius? You're resilient, but even you have found all the recent intensity a bit too much. You can relax now. The next few weeks promise to be calmer. Sunnier skies will gradually return. Your efforts will concentrate on your love life. You know you need security and stability. If you work steadily, you will attain those goals!
 Be careful that you don't put your foot in your mouth today, Aquarius. You may have a tendency to jump the gun, so be conscious of how you use your energy. A false start is likely to get you disqualified. Orient yourself to your surroundings before you make any major upheaval. It's important to have a good, solid footing on the day before you proceed.
 There's a tremendously sensitive side to your personality that's tender and extremely vulnerable, Aquarius. Be careful about putting too much of yourself out there now. By opening yourself up so much, you're inviting in trouble. Others might not be that aware of how sensitive you are. Those with strong, boisterous spirits are likely to be abrasive, so protect your emotions.
 For a few months now, you've felt that things are accelerating in your professional life, Aquarius. Perhaps some projects have developed more quickly than you anticipated. They may have even gotten a bit out of control. Today you should let yourself distinguish more clearly what you've done so far. You may be in for a surprise.
 You're at an emotionally climactic point now, Aquarius, and you might find that harsh opposition is coming at you for no clear reason. There's a stubborn, strong force surrounding you, and you should be aware that the more rigid your viewpoint, the harder it will be for any resolution. Compromise is an essential element of the day.
 Information gleaned from friends could have you focusing on a new goal, Aquarius. You may have a lot of ideas about projects you want to take care of, and today you might realize which one has top priority. Start moving! Whatever you choose to do, find out what you need before you start. There's a chance that you might waste time running around trying to find necessary materials.
 A setback in your career might have you feeling disoriented, Aquarius. Equipment might be involved. Don't go crazy. It's only temporary. Your determination, efficiency, and practicality should take care of it in no time. Basically, you're probably feeling optimistic about the future and unlikely to change that energy any time soon. Try not to worry about problems today. Spend time relaxing and enjoying the company of friends and family.
 Last month you may have been somewhat more extroverted and sociable than usual, especially regarding your emotional relationships. But beginning today, your attitude will undergo a change, Aquarius. You will probably be calmer and more reasonable. Your thoughts may begin to focus more on the future than the present. You have about a month to firm up your plans.
 You're being called upon to make a commitment or promise, most likely relating to your love life. Will you take that decisive step? That's the question today. Over the next few days you will doubtless have to prove what you're made of. The challenge most likely emanates from your romantic relationships. There is no running away this time, Aquarius. It's time to take a stand.
 What good does it do you to resist change, Aquarius? Everyone knows that you have trouble adapting to change in the world around you. Unfortunately, that's life and you can't do much about it. However, you aren't powerless. You will find that life is more stable when you can surf the waves of change. Embrace change and make it work for you rather than resist it all the time.
 Have you been wondering if you're in the right profession? Disillusionment with your field could have you feeling mildly ill from stress and considering a total career change. Perhaps this is the right course of action to take, but perhaps not. Look into the options available and see how you feel about them, Aquarius, but wait a few days before making any final decisions.
 Here is a day that may make you think you aren't exactly in the right place in your profession, Aquarius. Could it be that your current position is too traditional? You're someone who wants to expand on all the ideas that you have at any given moment. It would seem that your superiors aren't evolving in the same way. If this is the case, take the necessary action.
 Do you feel that your power has increased, Aquarius? You may not know what to do with this newfound strength. Try looking at how you relate to your friends. Could you improve your relationships? Using power is something that one learns over time. If you let it stagnate, it will create some stubborn obstacles. "Use it or lose it" applies in this instance.
 Today you might feel a little depressed and apathetic, like you don't care what happens right now. You might try to get your mind off those feelings by spending money. This works, Aquarius, but don't spend any more than you have to. These feelings really have more to do with the past than the present. If old pain wells up, let it go. Tomorrow all will seem a lot better!
 You will most likely be hungry for attention today, Aquarius. You will look at others who are on center stage and adjust your appearance or attitude in order to be more like them. Be careful of getting obsessed with attention. The key is to be yourself and happy, regardless of who's watching. A flower unseen blooms just as beautifully and smells just as sweet.
 Success will come to you when you work with the energies at hand. Go with the flow of the situation instead of trying to undermine or manipulate it. There's a tremendous force at work. Perhaps all it needs is a bit of direction to align it with your goals. State your intentions openly instead of working behind the scenes. You will receive support from others when you do.
 You're in a difficult position. Things aren't exactly what they seem, Aquarius. Your emotions run the show today, and you may jump from one extreme to the other. There's a good chance that much of what you experience is based on misinformation. Don't get so caught up in the drama that you fail to recognize the truth of the situation.
 A surge of inner power and intuition could have you thinking about embracing an unusual profession. Your desire for independence is strong now, Aquarius, so you might be thinking about working on your own, perhaps in an artistic field or a service profession. You have the power to do wonders today. Be practical and move forward with caution, but follow your heart!
 Your inner power and awareness should be acute today, Aquarius. Some intense dreams and revelations could come from deep within, allowing you to release old traumas and phobias, and enabling you to move ahead with more confidence. Physical energy is high, though you may feel you need more sleep than usual. Your intuition is also sharp, enabling you to be more in touch with others. Use it!
 Recent activities have suddenly made you bored with your job and the people you deal with. You may feel restless and contemplate changes to your professional life, Aquarius. This could be appropriate now, but it might not. It's best to look at your options logically and practically. Don't be afraid to ask family and friends for their opinions.
 Today is a day for healing and reconciliation. You may have been feeling abused and mistreated lately by someone (or a few people) in your family over the past few weeks. You're now ready for a new start, because you were able to work things out and you've learned something from what happened. Take the time to savor the moment, and spend some time with the people you love.
 You may feel physical and emotional tension today, Aquarius. Are you taking the time to care for your body? Has someone been putting a lot of pressure on you lately? Are you an emotionally satisfied person? The way you feel physically is a good indicator of your mental state. Try to go a little easier on yourself and you will see immediate benefits.
 You may feel that certain values in your profession won't let you undertake certain activities. But are you sure about this, or have you tried to convince yourself of it so you won't have to confront the part of you that yearns to explore? Perhaps you should try to be braver than you've been. It would be worth it.
 About two weeks ago, it may have occurred to you that you should be making more of an effort to advance your career, Aquarius. If so, it will be easier for you to accept today's constraints, as there is some probability that you will need to perform at your highest level. Be careful not to lose yourself in the attempt!
 Minor tensions will arise today, Aquarius. Someone close to you, perhaps your partner or a parental figure 
 Today you may be in a very stressful atmosphere. Your entourage is likely to be tense and anxious, and you're no exception. You may need to stay in the environment until you've accomplished your objectives. You will probably want to spend your evening at home in front of the TV, doing and thinking absolutely nothing. Relax!
 You're feeling especially loving and passionate, Aquarius, and likely to want to pursue a romantic encounter with the special person in your life. Money matters look positive, as your intuition regarding money management has been working well and is likely to continue. Your psychic and intuitive faculties are wide open and receptive. Don't be surprised by what you pick up today, even from strangers.
 Your excellent analytical skills may not be up to par over the next few days. You seem overwhelmed by your emotions. You have a hard time hiding your feelings and processing the information you receive. Instead of trying to understand people, you tend to interpret their actions and imagine things that aren't true. Be careful of your judgment at the moment. It's way off base!
 Today you may feel like something is holding you back, Aquarius. Everything was going just fine until now. If you believe the stream of chatter in your head today, you will be regressing in every area of your life! For example, you may be afraid to go any further in your relationship because of your past failures. Use this time to lay the past to rest.
 You're about to experience a major change in your life's direction, Aquarius, and it may occur today. Keep your mind open to all sorts of possibilities. You're likely to receive some important information. Of course, you may not realize its importance right away. It's only with the passage of time that you will look back on this event as pivotal. Make sure you don't miss it.
 You're likely feeling confident, optimistic, and enthusiastic today, Aquarius. You feel as though anything is possible, and indeed it is. If you feel a bit of wanderlust and are anxious to explore new places and meet new people, you may soon receive the chance. Life is one great big adventure. You're fortunate to have the sort of spirit that embraces it fully.
 A friend may offer you a gift today, Aquarius. It could involve money, favors, time, items you need, or something else. Be discriminating about what you accept, and make sure you offer to reciprocate. Insist, if you must. As generous as your friend may be now, later he or she could feel used or else call in some favors that you aren't willing to perform. Accept graciously, within limitations.
 You're a dedicated soul to spend precious personal time doing household chores, but certain things need to get done. If you still haven't done all the laundry or read all the magazines, then tackle these first. Completing them will motivate you to move on to the next task. Before you know it, you will be sitting pretty in a neat, organized home. Aquarius.
 You may need to jump to many different people and situations today, Aquarius, yet something is holding you back. Listen to this inner voice that's asking you to be conservative at this time. You have many more profound things to say when you filter your thoughts through a large funnel. Be open and accepting of many things, but only allow a limited outflow.
 In spite of any feelings to the contrary, Aquarius, you're bound to be successful. You may be involved in a group project that requires a lot of time and effort. All indications are that it will pay off shortly. Continue to work those long hours, even if it means staying up all night. In just a few months, you will catch up on sleep and be rolling in money.
 This could be your lucky day, Aquarius, especially in matters of the heart. You may feel particularly close to your special someone, as well as others in your immediate circle of friends. This is due in part to the planetary configuration. It shows your intuition and optimism running high. Use this to your advantage, especially if you have to sell something. Keep your expectations realistic.
 Money matters might seem disastrous today, Aquarius. You may have had a temporary setback, but you're probably being especially pessimistic and not seeing the whole picture. Sit down and try to juggle a few figures. You will probably find that you're better off than it seemed at first. Whatever expenses come up, you will be able to handle them. Focus on what needs to be done and do it!
 A phone call could inform you of difficulties at home that require that you deal with them right away, Aquarius. This is nothing to be alarmed about, just one of those irritating little hassles that requires attention when you'd rather turn in another direction. It could be as innocuous as a broken appliance. Take care of it efficiently so you can get back to your activities. Stay calm!
 A love partner may host a social event or meeting of some kind, Aquarius. It might be interesting to get acquainted with friends of your mate you haven't yet met. Some of them are probably intelligent, interesting people in fascinating professions. One of them could recommend a few books that you will definitely want to read. Have fun. Don't forget to thank your sweetheart!
 There's a romantic, dreamy feeling to today that you should indulge in, Aquarius. If you have a special someone in your life, this is the perfect day to share these feelings! Try to plan a candlelit dinner at home for just the two of you. But don't feel pressured to cook an elaborate meal. Pick up some Chinese and serve it on the good china. Keep the focus on the two of you.
 Confusion might get in the way of anything you hope to accomplish today, Aquarius. You may feel like you're walking around in a daze, uncertain of your actions. Try to stay focused and be your usual practical, objective self. It might not come as easily for you as it usually does, but you can do it. Have some coffee and make a list of what needs to be done. Sometimes that's all it takes.
 Take care not to get on a soapbox today, Aquarius. You have strong opinions on everything from religion to politics. You risk offending people if you expound on them. You'd be better off keeping your views to yourself. In fact, rather than try to change people's minds with words, why not try and do it with actions? Set the right example. It's often a more effective form of persuasion.
 If you've had a longstanding interest in film or photography, today is a good day to explore that interest further, Aquarius. You will likely receive an opportunity to learn some of the intricacies of the craft. Who knows? Maybe you will decide to go into the business professionally. If this is your true love, you should find a way to incorporate it into your life in whatever way possible.
 An unexpected expense, perhaps requiring repairs to the house or car, might take a chunk out of your bank account, Aquarius. This may be disheartening. You've worked hard for your money and now you might have to put some of your plans on hold. Still, you need to be philosophical about it. Take care of it and move on. You built up your bank account once and you can do it again.
 A social event or gathering that involves work could put you in touch with interesting people, Aquarius, including a sexy potential love partner! Someone new on the scene could stir your blood like it hasn't been stirred in a long time. Whether or not you choose to pursue this attraction depends on your situation, but at least you will have some fun today.
 Work might take up a lot of your time today, Aquarius, perhaps job related, perhaps chores around the house. Friends or family may join you, and their conversation could help relieve some of the tedium. Getting the tasks done could free up the rest of the day for socializing, perhaps getting together in the evening with a love partner.
 You may have some trouble communicating today, Aquarius. It's as though something is distorting your perception. Don't be surprised if, once evening comes, you feel like forgetting about all of your responsibilities and traveling to the other end of the world. Tomorrow you will see clearly again, but doubtless there are adventures in store for you!
 You're in the home stretch now, Aquarius! Kiss your worries goodbye. Your efforts pay off in spades as people listen to your advice and bend over backward to please you. Although certain details in your love life still need ironing out, it's safe to coast for a while. You've spent months in this process of self
 A sudden burst of inspiration for a creative project might keep you busy in the morning and afternoon, Aquarius. You will need information and materials you don't have at home, and finding them might require a larger expenditure of time, energy, and money than you initially thought. Don't give up on the idea. It's likely to be a good one and you will definitely want to pursue it.
 This is no ordinary day for you, Aquarius, certainly not one in which you should sleep late. Get up and get moving. There are opportunities on your doorstep just waiting for you to grab them. Put away the issues of the past and focus on the future. There are great forces at work today that are coming together in your favor. Stick to what resonates with your soul.
 You're going to feel extra connected with the people around you today, Aquarius. Go out and have a good time with loved ones. You will experience the oneness that comes when people acknowledge that we are all part of a whole. This will resonate loud and clear in your core today and you will be extra sensitive and emotional about anything said to you, positive or negative.
 Today is a fantastic day for you. Your sensual, caring nature will be appreciated, Aquarius. Whether you actively pursue it or sit back and relax, you will receive the love and good fortune you desire. Your creativity is also at a peak during this time. You should take advantage of this energy and actively use your talent to create something beautiful and meaningful.
 Difficult situations may arise in which you feel like you're doomed no matter what you do. Finding a working solution seems impossible due to the egos of the people involved. Even if everything looks workable on paper, this is no guarantee that things will work out in real life. Be honest and practical and make it a point not to choose sides or be biased in any way.
 Are you going out tonight with friends who mean a lot to you, Aquarius? You might be tempted to eat and drink too much and spend too much money. Usually you have a pretty strong stomach, but this isn't the day to overindulge in partying. Go out for a little while, but then invite your friends to your house for coffee. That way you will feel good about the evening when you wake up tomorrow!
 Some news about a major event could unsettle and confuse you, Aquarius. There could be contradictory reports, and commentators may confound the issue even more. You're primarily concerned about how this will affect you. The answer is probably very little. The media are apt to blow it out of proportion because it's newsworthy. The truth will come out in a few days. Hang in there!
 You woke up feeling happy and enthusiastic, Aquarius. Your intuition tells you that you will achieve whatever you set your mind to. Whatever your goals 
 You may need reassurance today, Aquarius. Trouble with friends or a romantic partner may have you feeling unloved, insecure, and emotionally blocked. You may see the situation as more serious than others do. Perhaps a misunderstanding has caused the dilemma. Take the time to reach out to those you're concerned about and get some reassurance. If you owe an apology, give it freely and move on.
 You may be frustrated today, Aquarius. An anticipated romantic encounter may be postponed or canceled. There's no reason to consider it a major setback in the relationship. If you feel doubt and uncertainty, it's likely for other reasons. You're agitated and not in a good place to make any sweeping judgments. Let your head clear for a few days and then plan the next steps.
 Your creativity will be high today, Aquarius, inspiring you to paint or write. If you're unable to take time to satisfy your muse, at least take some small steps to ensure your abilities don't lie fallow. How about signing up for a class or joining a writing group? The ongoing contact and support will give your talents a big boost.
 A deep, intimate conversation could take place today between you and a romantic interest, Aquarius. If this is a casual relationship, it may suddenly become more. If you're involved but not committed, you could reach an understanding. If you're already committed, there may even be talk of marriage. The end result of this conversation should be happiness for both of you. Celebrate tonight at home.
 Today you may find all your recent efforts rewarded, Aquarius. Your quick thinking and astute powers of observation have impressed others. Today you're likely to be recognized in some way. Don't be surprised if you end up in the spotlight, blushing at the acclaim. This is likely to give your confidence a big boost and cause you to consider other ways to advance your career.
 Today, Aquarius, you might feel caught between the determination to reach a certain goal, probably financial, and a desire to stay home and work on your own projects, take care of your family, or both. You're clever and resourceful enough to have it both ways. Friends who know the ins and outs might be able to help you along these lines. Think carefully! You may be surprised by what you learn.
 A talent for writing that you haven't tapped may surface today, Aquarius. Perhaps using a computer, particularly one with voice activation, is making it possible. Your imagination is in full swing, and your work may be very entertaining. If you've been thinking about writing, this is the day to start. It's also a good day to handle paperwork relating to finances. You should breeze through it.
 Today is a good day to take time out for the small, sensual pleasures, Aquarius. Perhaps this is a day for dessert, particularly chocolate or cheesecake. Don't forget about the pleasures that nature can bring. You may want to spend time in a park or forest or next to a lake, breathing in the fresh air and soaking up the beauty. You may also enjoy indulging in a massage.
 Your biggest dream is in front of you, Aquarius, yet there's a large object standing in your path. When you peer around one way, the goal is only partly visible. When you peer around the other way, the other side of the dream becomes clear, but you still don't have the complete picture. Instead of working with obscured vision, get rid of the thing that's lying directly in your path.
 Get out of "gimme" mode, in which every new toy or gadget you see calls out your name, Aquarius. If you keep thinking that you need these material things in order to be happy, you will never be truly satisfied no matter how much you have. In this same vein, don't think that you need to buy tangible things for others in order to demonstrate your love for them.
 Free your mind and consider alternative options, Aquarius. This is a time to throw away the old to make room for the new. There's a distinct advance in original and forward thinking today. You should make it a point to go to higher levels of thought now. The more idealistic in your approach to people and situations, the better off you will be.
 The position of the planets could have you doing a lot of soul searching, Aquarius. You're looking deep within to discern your true goals. You might be pleasantly surprised by what you find. Increased communication and deeper understanding enhance your relationships. Many of your aims are likely to be spiritual in nature. Write them down.
 You may feel blocked on all sides today, Aquarius, with no escape hatch. There's a strong set of forces acting in such a way as to make you feel responsible for some mess that has occurred in your life. Remember that when it comes to partnerships, it takes two to make or break a situation. Don't blame everything on yourself.
 Don't doubt yourself today, Aquarius. You should be feeling quite strong, although inadequacy could sneak into the picture. This could be because you're having trouble understanding issues that are rather cloudy. Just because things aren't clear doesn't mean they aren't working out in your favor. As long as you remain confident that things will come out fine, they will.
 Today's celestial energy could find you making plans to travel for pleasure or possibly business. A young friend or relative might accompany you. You're likely to accomplish whatever you hope to on the trip, Aquarius. All signs are for success and good fortune. You might even aim for a new position. This is an excellent period to open up your own business.
 You may feel as if you're the only one who picks up on the nuances of conversations and actions around you, Aquarius. Your reaction to things is more than likely quite strong and will have a much greater impact on you now. Use this day to turn things around. It's time for you to create a stir. Be more dynamic and outer directed so you have a chance to release some of that inner energy.
 It's time to bring more fire into your life, Aquarius. Consider calling up an old flame or friend from the past who stirs the passion within you. Inspire your inner yearning for excitement and adventure. Eat spicy foods and adorn yourself in bright colors. Even the smallest actions will help bring more of this dynamic, activating energy to your life.
 New career goals may come your way with the current aspect, Aquarius, opening up possibilities you may not have considered. This could be very exciting. It might even work toward the fulfillment of childhood dreams that you abandoned long ago. They may involve the arts, modern technology, or both. The only downside is that you might work too hard and get exhausted. Pace yourself.
 You may have your guard up as you fend off people and situations that have caught you unprepared, Aquarius. Be careful about putting up such big walls that you can't see over them. The danger of building a fortress that doesn't allow others to come in is that it makes it more difficult for you to look out. Leave one wall shorter so you don't cut yourself off from the outside world.
 Bring more fire and passion to your love life, Aquarius. Spark things up by being more adventurous. The bolder you are, the more response you will get. Even though you may like to plan ahead and take things slowly, your romantic life is one area where you might do better taking the opposite approach. Have confidence and be spontaneous in all matters having to do with love.
 Go to an art museum, Aquarius. Your mind and heart are working in conjunction with each other, and you're apt to be especially receptive to elements of our world that fuse these two together. Make an evening out of the event, and be sure to take a good friend or romantic partner. Have a good meal, and don't forget dessert. Appreciate the world for all its natural wonder.
 A sudden upsurge in your intuition could have you feeling more in tune to the thoughts, feelings, and desires of others, Aquarius. Your communication is going to be clear and open as a result. You're likely to grow closer to everyone dear to you, especially your romantic partner. Don't expect everything you pick up to be positive. Others have their issues. Let them know you understand.
 Today you might face a choice, Aquarius. You might be thinking in terms of relocating to advance your career, but you could be confused about your options. You might be grappling with several options. Input from family members isn't likely to help at this time. Wait a few days and then think seriously about what you want to do.
 Stop dwelling on old projects and routines based on situations that have long since expired, Aquarius. Note the changes that have occurred around you and adjust your plans. This is a good time to honestly examine your situation. Being aggressive in your approach toward improvement and change means letting go of what no longer serves you. Move forward with courage instead of hesitation.
 Things may be coming at you from all angles today, Aquarius. Sooner or later you will be forced to take action. It may seem like the walls of the room are slowly caving in. The pressure is building and the air is getting stagnant. Go out for a run. Exercise will help you release some of that pressure you feel.
 Your intuition should be growing by leaps and bounds. Today you may get psychic messages from everywhere, both personal and universal. This can be a bit overwhelming, Aquarius, particularly if you aren't used to it, but don't fight it. It's a symptom of your inner growth. It should be a very positive development in the long run. It can help turn your dearest dreams into reality.
 Sudden personal or professional change could come your way, Aquarius. Perhaps you will get a new job opportunity. Perhaps you will meet someone who will change your life. This is a day to savor good luck and new beginnings. They show promise of lasting for a while. Relax and enjoy your optimism and enthusiasm for the future.
 Don't trust anyone today, not even people you consider friends, Aquarius. There are indications of deception all around, especially at work. Someone may be keeping something from you or even manipulating information to his or her own advantage. Be sure to check the facts of any situation. Don't take anyone's word for anything. This is a good day to take your own advice rather than someone else's.
 All sorts of wonderful changes are in the air at home and at work, Aquarius. On the personal front, someone new is likely to enter your life and change it for the better. At work, perhaps a proposal you submitted has been accepted or you landed a deal you've been working on for some time. Enjoy this auspicious celestial energy!
 Your partner may return from a journey today, Aquarius, and a deep conversation could follow. Your friend will share stories of the trip, which could lead to talk about the relationship's future. Nothing is apt to be decided. The discussion is more likely to focus on generalities than specifics. You will gain a stronger understanding of your partner and how things could shape up.
 Emotions and memories that have been buried in your psyche could suddenly well up today, Aquarius. At first you might not be able to make sense of this. These memories could seem irrelevant to your present life. Still, a little reflection might reveal why you're recalling them now. Release whatever blockages these memories may have been causing. You could find your life changed in a subtle way.
 Today you might concentrate on some very close work, Aquarius, perhaps a drawing or painting, sewing, jewelry making, or creating a new recipe. You may take longer to do this than you normally do, probably because there are a lot of details involved. This is good, because you will be happy with what you do. Take occasional breaks or you could strain your eyes.
 You're looking better than ever, Aquarius. Don't think your mate hasn't noticed! Even though communication may have been a bit strained lately, all that is forgotten as you delight in each other's company. You may feel adventurous, so why not plan something a bit different for the day? Take a canoe trip down a local river or go see the new comedian in town. You will have a great time!
 You should feel especially loving now, Aquarius, especially toward that special someone. You might want to schedule an intimate evening, perhaps at a favorite restaurant. A visit to an art gallery, concert, or play should prove informative and entertaining, and therefore provide fodder for enough conversation to get you through the evening and set the stage for the rest of the night.
 A sizable sum of money could come your way today, Aquarius, probably as a surprise. This is a significant day for you. The money will open up new doors, particularly where creativity is concerned, so the situation definitely calls for a celebration. Don't gamble or consider any kind frivolous of investment for at least two months. Treat yourself! You deserve it!
 Today you may feel out of sorts, Aquarius. You aren't sick, just exhausted from the effort you've been putting in at work lately. This is a sign of stress and an indicator that you need a real day off from chores and personal projects. Forget the workload you'd planned for the day. If you relax, everything you don't finish today can be done tomorrow. Take the day off 
 You may feel especially sexy and passionate, Aquarius, but minor conflicts between you and the special someone in your life could put distance between you. You can avoid this by being patient and making an effort to communicate. You could be tempted to overspend, probably on items you don't particularly need now and may not even want. Take care to curb impulse spending.
 You might hear some rather bizarre rumors today, Aquarius. Someone has misinterpreted a piece of information and blown it into something far different from reality. You will need to check this out for yourself before jumping to any conclusions. Don't be afraid to pass on what you learn. It's better to nip this sort of gossip in the bud by revealing the facts than let it continue to spread.
 The different parts of your personality should work harmoniously today, Aquarius. It's important that there be an equal amount of give and take in your world. If for some reason there's an imbalance in a certain area of your life, address the issue right away. It's important that you maintain equilibrium within yourself and with the people around you.
 Your solid, grounded, and steady approach may be challenged today, Aquarius. Someone with a strong ego could punch holes in the plan you've so carefully laid out. Try to stick with the facts and do your best not to let this turn into some sort of popularity contest. Be humble and direct. Try not to be too emotional or sensitive.
 New and expansive ideas for investing time or funds could make a big difference to your future income. Today you feel especially in control of your life. You should have the power to put your plans in motion. All signs look good for new goals and new enterprises. As long as you hang onto your self
 A friend or colleague could introduce you to a way to increase your income by doing what you love most, Aquarius. This may involve the creative arts, healing, or spiritual or metaphysical matters. Although this might take weeks or months of preparation to put into effect, it should be worth the effort. Check out the facts and think about it. If you still like it, go for it!
 If you own your home, the value of your equity may have gone up in the recent past, Aquarius. Income through land or property is strongly indicated. This is likely to change your life in a subtle but positive way. This is a great time to buy or sell a home. If you're in the process of doing it now, this is the perfect time to get some of the paperwork prepared.
 Things in the love department may be looking up for you, Aquarius, but beware that you aren't getting pushed around. Your partner could feel the need for more freedom in the relationship, while you're hoping to find more commitment. Take it one day at a time. Don't get ahead of yourself by projecting scenarios that may not come to fruition. You're only setting yourself up for disappointment.
 Feel free to be a bit more selfish than usual, Aquarius. You might find yourself turning inside out in order to get your point across. Attend to your dreams and ambitions and let your voice be heard by the crowd. Don't be surprised if you meet opposition, but don't take this as a sign that you should back down. Stand up for your needs!
 A lot of unfinished tasks may need doing around the home today, Aquarius. You might decide to ignore some of the work that desperately needs to be handled in favor of a project that you think you will enjoy more. Don't stick family members with the boring stuff! If you pull together to get the worst out of the way, then you can all have fun with the more interesting tasks.
 Something has to change. You knew it as soon as you woke up this morning. Your mirror provides the impetus for important resolutions today. Is it time to begin a diet, commit to exercising more, or strengthen your resolve to quit smoking? Anything you do to improve your appearance will make you feel a lot better about yourself. Buy some new clothes or get a haircut. People will notice.
 If long
 Do you recognize your intuition as a valuable asset, Aquarius? Some people do and some don't. Which group are you in? It's easier to trust in concrete, factual reality than in things you can't see or touch. But your intuition can serve you more than you may realize. That gut feeling you experience can guide you with caution and alert you to danger. Put more trust in it and see.
 You will probably be very busy today, Aquarius, which may suit you just fine. This can work in your favor if you have some work to catch up on. Being active and getting things done will be natural for you. In fact, when you have to sit for too long, you probably feel restless or anxious. You fidget and squirm. If you find yourself doing this, go do something more active!
 You may think about your finances today, Aquarius. It's never too late to learn about saving and investing, especially if there's something you really want to do, like travel. Preparing for retirement can seem surreal when you're young, but it's important to start early. Regardless of how your affairs have gone to date, change starts now. Write down your goals and meet with your financial adviser.
 The energy that you feel today may have you so jittery that others don't know what to do with you, Aquarius. The day's influences can bring a boost. You'd be wise to plan things to do to expend it all. Get busy with physical chores at work or home. Pull things out and organize, move furniture around, whatever it takes. It's better to be productive than drive everyone crazy.
 Is it time to take a more drastic approach to a problem, Aquarius? If you've made several attempts to resolve your trouble but to no avail, you might consider it. As long as "drastic" doesn't mean "destructive," you may find success trying something far more forward and insistent. Be careful, however. Think things through carefully first. Run any ideas you have past a trusted friend.
 A check you've been expecting to receive by mail will probably be delayed, Aquarius. It's nothing to worry about. Chances are it got hung up at the post office and will arrive soon. Don't waste your time worrying needlessly. If you feel it necessary, make contingency plans for getting by. Your money is coming. Hang in there.
 A meditation circle or other group activity devoted to spiritual pursuits could be on your agenda today, Aquarius. It's important that you attend, as you need a little peace and quiet, as well as the support from others in the group. The affection you all feel for one another permeates the evening. Bask in it and write down any revelations that come to you.
 Today is fantastic for tuning in to your inner self, Aquarius. You will have a level, grounded mind from which to make conscious evaluations of your emotional state. Trust your instincts and make realistic plans for the future. You're especially disciplined today, and you have a keen sense of what your goals and objectives are. Use this grounded energy to get things done.
 You usually place a lot of importance on self
 A letter or phone call could bring upsetting news about money, Aquarius. Your first reaction may be to blame yourself or someone else, but the circumstances are probably beyond anyone's control. Chances are good that it can be set right. Before anyone gets too upset, it's best to investigate and find out what needs to be done. It may take some effort, but all will be well.
 Work that could advance you professionally could take you away from loved ones, Aquarius, and cause some emotional tension. You might feel down because you'd rather be with your loved ones but feel it's important to move ahead now. Try to make up for it with some quality time. It's crucial to make the most of the current planetary positions. Everyone will be glad when you see results.
 Aquarius, your intuition might increase today to the point where you feel like you could deduce the thoughts and motives of people you've never met before. Reading the news might bring you sudden insights as to how things are going to turn out. You could decide to put this ability to work to advance your financial condition. Do this if you can 
 Your heart may be especially sensitive today, Aquarius. You may feel a bit vulnerable. Your romantic nature is particularly strong, so treat yourself to a pampered evening, including a good meal with someone you love. All relationships with women will go smoothly now. You might want to give your mother a call if you haven't spoken with her in a while. She would love to hear from you.
 Someone at work may be upset, Aquarius, and not inclined to communicate their feelings to anyone else. This might cast a pall over the atmosphere. You may wonder if this person is upset with you, but chances are it has a lot more to do with the job than you. Make use of your ability to concentrate, and don't let this get in your way. It isn't worth the trouble.
 Be more aggressive when it comes to your intentions in a romantic situation, Aquarius. It would be a great idea to impress your lover with a delicious home
 You may be shaken to the core today by someone of great personal magnetism, Aquarius. Maybe you feel as if you're being overshadowed because of the grandiose ideas and mountains of information coming from this person. Perhaps you feel you're too slow. Did you ever think that someone is going too quickly? Don't automatically think that you're the one who needs to change gears.
 Legal matters should definitely work in your favor today, particularly any involving property. You're likely to feel positive about life, Aquarius, and your home life should be especially gratifying. Sex and romance also could be on your mind. If you can get together with a lover, you will probably grow quite a bit closer. Artistic projects, particularly regarding the home, should also go well.
 You might be feeling very communicative today, Aquarius. Concentration, logical thinking, and a heightened ability to put ideas into words enhance your own communicative abilities. Therefore, your gift of getting directly to the point in any matter is likely to clear previously clogged channels, impress others, and increase your self
 The period just ahead of you promises a lot of luck and success. The initiatives you will take in your career or personal life will come off without a hitch. You should think about trying some kind of new activity on a professional level. Take advantage of all the good luck in the air. Don't be afraid to burn the candle at both ends now and live life to the fullest.
 It's time to face up to certain things about yourself that you may have denied for some time, Aquarius. You have only yourself to answer to, so relax. You aren't the first one to have to deal with old issues that probably aren't as shameful as you think. You don't have to be proud of them. You can't keep hiding them from yourself. This could cause more problems than dealing with them once and for all.
 You may not have been taking very good care of yourself lately, Aquarius. The planetary aspects are encouraging you to be a little more disciplined in your lifestyle. Don't overwork, don't drink too much coffee, and try to eat lighter meals. Anything you do for yourself today could have very quick, healthy effects. Think about this as you go for a run at lunchtime or go to bed early tonight.
 Your neighborhood is likely buzzing with activity today, Aquarius. New neighbors could move in, improvements could be made, and new businesses could open their doors. Expect a lot of visitors and calls. A man with a child could play a big role in these events. At some point you might decide to walk down the street and check out what's happening. What you hear from others may not be accurate.
 All the planets are very fortunately aligned for you, and the coming weeks should be great, Aquarius. Minor irritations today could make you wonder, though. You might worry that this good fortune won't last. Don't work yourself into a panic. This all continues through the next six months. However, you may need to focus sufficient effort if you'd like to make it last for a long time.
 Computers and other equipment could go haywire today, limiting your abilities to work at maximum efficiency. Even though you're usually calm and laid back, Aquarius, today the ogre in you may be tempted to emerge. Don't let it. It will only cause tension between you and those around you. Stay calm and focused, call in a technician, and enjoy the break from your routine.
 Emotions, impressions, and memories could come up from your subconscious today, Aquarius. This may preoccupy you and keep you from other matters. This is a positive development. Pleasant memories bring joy. Disturbing ones offer a release from past trauma. Write down your thoughts and then distract yourself by doing something you love. The significance of this process should come later.
 Conversations with friends take on a more serious note, Aquarius. Spiritual matters and beliefs could come up, as could the more pressing mundane details of life. Whatever is discussed today could bring to the surface new ideas for making whatever you're working on move smoothly and quickly to success. Metaphysical ideas seem clearer and more down to Earth. Treat your friends to a nice meal.
 You might need to do some of the less exciting chores involved with creative or artistic projects today, Aquarius. You're in the right frame of mind to get them done. Your efficiency is at a peak. A practical, no
 Various intellectual or humanitarian subjects you've been reading about have changed your value system, perhaps subtly, Aquarius. You may not notice it until you hear someone mention beliefs like those you used to hold. It might be uncomfortable to realize that such profound changes have occurred in you, but it's only a natural part of personal growth. Everything changes, so why not you?
 Career matters may involve some touchy circumstances that require ingenious methods to solve, Aquarius. You're in the right frame of mind to come up with them. You're definitely up for a challenge, and you will probably dig right in and come up with lots of great ideas. These concepts will not only get you through the current situation but also prove useful in the future. Go to it.
 Happiness is the mood of the day, Aquarius, as you enjoy the fruits of all your hard work over the past few years. You're able to pursue a few things that you've never been able to before. You're likely surrounded by old and new friends, and romance is blossoming. You probably also look especially attractive now. If all this sounds too good to be true, wake up! It's happening!
 A very beautiful, romantic dream could inspire exalted artistic activities today, Aquarius. You might want to paint, draw, write, compose music, sew, or cook up a new recipe. Whatever you do, you won't do it simply for your own amusement. You will want to show your work to others and seek their opinions and approval. Your business acumen could be as active as your artistic side.
 Too many outside responsibilities at once could have you at odds with a current love partner, Aquarius. Your beloved may seem to be demanding a choice between your job and the relationship. Don't read things into the situation that aren't there, and don't be too proud to talk about it. Pride really can come before a fall. Explain the circumstances in detail and all should be well.
 Whatever you've been trying to accomplish over the past several months could break loose just the way you want it to today, Aquarius. It could come as a surprise and resemble a logjam that finally gives way. Nonetheless, this is your good fortune, and you and those who have been in the trenches with you deserve a few accolades. After it's all set in stone, go out and celebrate. You've earned it.
 Today you may receive some information about how to increase your income in a short period of time, Aquarius. This information may or may not be valid. Be cautious. Check out the facts before committing, wait a few days, and then check them again. Great opportunities abound and should be explored, but what you hear about today might not be one of them.
 Today you may be touched by a person who exudes the kind of determination produced by a combination of spiritual and intellectual strength and faith. This is what is meant when people speak of a leader of great integrity. The encounter with this person is likely to inspire you to commit yourself wholeheartedly to some good work, perhaps a charity.
 Your poise and gracious nature serve you well now, Aquarius. The best thing you can do today is spend time around other people. Go to a party or other social gathering tonight. The evening is bound to be a resounding success as you radiate warmth and energy and people respond in kind. Allow everyone the pleasure of basking in your glow.
 Passion is very much on your mind, Aquarius. Unfortunately, you have a lot to do before you can concentrate on romance. Much as you'd prefer to put paperwork off for another day, you really should buckle down and get it all done. You will be relieved to have it behind you, and you will be free to enjoy the evening pursuing other interests.
 Do you feel helpless in the face of problems with technology? If so, you might surprise yourself today, Aquarius. Some software that you use a lot could go haywire, and you won't want to take the time to wait for a professional. Some study could enable you to come up with the solution on your own. Consulting a professional could demonstrate that you're on the right track.
 A friend or romantic partner may not be communicating with you the way they should, Aquarius. Something is bothering your sweetie, and he or she doesn't want to discuss it. Even if you ask, the answers are likely to be evasive. Pushing won't be appreciated. Perhaps it's best to leave your friend alone to work it out. Your honey will tell you about it when the time is right.
 Question the validity of anything you come in conflict with today, Aquarius. You might find that people act on incomplete information, and that they're falsely accusing you of something you didn't say or do. Work to bring harmony to the situation by getting to the truth and helping to make the real motivations known. Words may be charged with strong emotions, so be gentle.
 Changes in your home could take place now. These are positive, Aquarius, though they might seem a bit overwhelming. Some could even be described as upheavals. Perhaps someone moves in or out. It could even involve moving to a new place, redecorating, refurbishing, or perhaps adopting a pet. At the very least, expect some emotional changes within yourself.
 Pursuing intellectual interests may be on hold today because of career matters. Your ambitions, whatever they are, could get a shot in the arm through some new information, possibly from far away. This could be uncovered in a newspaper, book, conversation with a friend, or online. Whichever it is, Aquarius, it's likely to work for you, so make use of it.
 Today you might want to put one last burst of effort into a project, as this could make a big difference to your income and status, Aquarius. It could put you before the public in some way. Your physical energy is high and mental abilities especially sharp. Whatever you choose to work on will be accomplished quickly and skillfully. Relations with others will be congenial and supportive.
 A talent for a new field that you might never have tried before could come to light, Aquarius. This might involve modern technology in some way or writing, drawing, or both. Communication with others should be warm, congenial, open, and honest. You can expect to gain a lot of pleasure from relationships of all kinds. Expect at least one of your conversations to turn to the fine arts or metaphysics.
 A new sense of closeness to those around you might have you feeling especially happy today, Aquarius. Your business and financial life should be going very well, your future seems bright, and now this puts the icing on the cake. Your mind may turn to projects that you want to try in the future, and this could increase your enthusiasm. Even more ideas could come thick and fast.
 Today you could look in the mirror and be appalled by what you see, activating your insecurity about the way you look. This could send you looking for various treatments. Go ahead if you want, Aquarius, but your impressions are clouded right now and you probably look far better than you think. If you get together with a love partner, this person's reaction should give you the reassurance you need.
 If you've been aiming for a specific career goal, Aquarius, it might suddenly manifest with the current planetary energy. You could be catapulted into the public eye in some way. The possibility of an increased income could arise, although it might be speculative at this point. Your mental energy continues high, so you should be able to easily grasp all the ins and outs of your situation.
 You might discover a hidden talent for writing, or if you already know this, you may find that your skill is greater than you suspected. You might have to execute some paperwork regarding money, Aquarius, but you will get this done quickly and efficiently. At some point during the day you're likely to get a little frazzled, but this will pass. Get your work done and then relax.
 Some unsettling news about your work situation might reach you today and make you worried, Aquarius. You might question your future in this field and possibly consider a change. Consider it, by all means, but this isn't the day to make a final decision of any kind. Wait until you're in a more secure frame of mind. In the meantime, list your different options. This will get you back to reality.
 Upsets regarding your career or the activities that take up most of your time are likely to negatively affect your self
 You're flying high at this point, Aquarius, enjoying the success you've achieved over the past several weeks. Today you could accomplish yet another goal, adding to your feeling of accomplishment. You might plan a vacation or perhaps return to college. The expansion of your horizons hasn't left you complacent. Instead, you want to continue expanding. This is a very positive development. Go for it.
 You may be going through a confusing period now, Aquarius. Today's energy brings these issues into focus. Parts of your life seem to be slapping you in the face, indicating that a drastic life change is coming. Resist the urge to play the victim and let other people grab the reins simply because they act more confidently. This is your life and only you know what's best for you.
 The mutual exploration of spiritual and intellectual ideas could bring you closer to friends and lovers. Fascinating discussions open new horizons to all participants. You may be overcome by the strong feeling of unity. By day's end, you could experience a strong spiritual longing to study whatever the topic of conversation was. Don't hesitate. It can only help you grow.
 It's time to get up and get moving, Aquarius. You have tremendous ideas and vision for the future. You have all the information you need. Now all you have to do is act. Step up to the plate and hit one over the fence. Getting out of your box and further into the world at large will do you a great deal of good. Get a greater perspective on things and enjoy time in a new environment.
 You're going through a period of major evaluation and assessment of certain life projects. Today's energies bring much of that tension into focus, Aquarius, and put it right in the place where it affects you most 
 Terrific energy flows your way today, Aquarius. Make sure that what you're dealing with is genuine. There's a tendency for people to get lost in their fantasy worlds. Be aware that what seems practical today could be the opposite tomorrow. Your emotions may seem confused, but if you concentrate on releasing instead of judging them, you can sail through the day without any trouble.
 Just when you thought you had everything planned and working smoothly, Aquarius, love comes in and clogs up the works. Suddenly your attention is diverted from work as the love of your life catches your eye. This could be a good or bad thing, depending on how you view it. Remember that both aspects of your life are important. The key now is to find a healthy balance between the two.
 Things might be too elusive to actually grab hold of today, Aquarius. Don't be so concerned with capturing something and making it your own. See the beauty around you and hold it in your heart. Leave the flower unpicked so others who come after you can enjoy its splendor as well. There's an airy, uplifting feeling to the day that you should enjoy.
 Love and romance are apt to be going quite well for you now, Aquarius. You should find that it's easier to be yourself in a partnership. Let your romantic side shine through. Indulge in delicious candlelit dinners and share your deepest fantasies with those you love. If your partner resists this energy now, you may want to consider looking elsewhere for romantic company.
 There may be tension and opposition today, Aquarius, so be prepared. It could seem like everyone wants to rattle your cage. Stand strong. There are forceful opinions crying out to be heard. The more stubborn you are, the harder it will be for important information to flow freely. Protect your interests by standing your ground, but make sure you don't step on other people's toes in the process.
 People are more alike than we think, especially on days like today that mean virtually the same thing to everyone. Some incredible changes have taken place in the world and its economic and social systems. Now is the time to think about what the next few years have in store. Do you have any ideas? Try to articulate them.
 Today is a good day to clarify your life, Aquarius. You may have understood lately that it's useless to undertake anything new when you're confused. You've figured out that all it takes to get out of that state is to take care of yourself, eat better, get more sleep, or take a vacation. Your mind will be sufficiently rested today to deal with all the problems that come your way.
 You love the creative process, Aquarius. Even watering your plants or painting a picture will give you a feeling of joy. If this month you get a chance to finish a project that you really care about, you will be satisfied with the results. And you will be surprised to see people react positively. It's OK to be proud of yourself.
 This is a terrific day for you to accomplish a lot, Aquarius. You may feel restricted in your emotions and unable to make certain deep
 This is a favorable day for you to deal with intimate and sensitive issues, Aquarius. You will be in comfortable situations that allow you to express what you believe. There's no need to hold back, because people will have a greater understanding of what it is you feel. You combine deep emotions with mental clarity and you're able to see through to the truth in other people's words.
 This is a good day for quiet contemplation, Aquarius. You may have worried about finances lately, but there's no longer any need to concern yourself. All signs indicate that your financial fortunes are about to change. You've been working hard and should reap some rewards. Today's aspects suggest that you will. Enjoy your newfound peace of mind, but don't go out and use the credit cards in celebration!
 This is a day for rest and relaxation, Aquarius. Take advantage of the calm atmosphere to center yourself and focus on what's important in your life. You've been going at full speed, and it's possible that your family feels somewhat neglected. Spend some quality time with loved ones. They miss you and will welcome your company. Other concerns come and go, but family is forever.
 Your sensitivity is strong today, Aquarius. You will find that your perception of situations is right on target with the truth of the matter. Keep in mind that in order to be successful, you won't need to strong
 Your emotions may be more in tune with the world around you today, Aquarius. You could even feel a bit psychic. Go with your hunches. You will find that rational thinking may not be the best way to handle situations right now. Be the sensitive one who feels things before taking action. Discuss the issues with others and combine your resources for a more powerful alliance.
 Aquarius, you feel secure in the warmth and depth of your emotions. Today you will have the opportunity to reenergize and regenerate yourself from the inside out. Take advantage of the energies at play to deepen your relationships with the people you love. Get to know them even better. Your powers of seduction will mesmerize them.
 You have a strong creative component to your personality. You should use it more. Today's planetary positions will influence both your creativity and productivity. You will likely find yourself working as never before, and with better results. Take advantage of this phase while it lasts! This is your moment to prove to others just what you're capable of.
 Today's planetary configuration has you wondering about an aspect of your life that causes you a good deal of hardship, Aquarius. Maybe your partner is often away and this is particularly hard on you. You'd like your sweetie to be there through thick and thin. This may be causing some tension in your relationship. Have you talked to your partner about your feelings? If not, you really should.
 You need bigger and longer hugs than usual today, Aquarius. A powerful force is moving through your life and trying to shake things up. Don't stoop to the level of petty argument and verbal sparring. The more you resist the opposition, the more stubborn and unwieldy the situation becomes. Make sure you have a good hold on your emotions before you leave the house.
 Feel free to move forward with your plans, Aquarius. This is a great day to take action. You've done a great deal of data collecting and analyzing lately. Now is the time to put that information to good use. You're helped by an extra boost of inner confidence and emotional strength. Your grounded, conservative approach will be richly rewarded. You couldn't ask for a more productive day!
 This may be a frenzied day for you, Aquarius, but it's likely to settle down as evening sets in. It will be a tender night in which you should stick close to home and get organized. If you have any task that requires discipline, you're better off waiting until tonight to do it. Things will run much more smoothly then.
 People may have an extra spark in their actions and an extra bite in their words today. You will find that you may be better off just walking away from any situation that doesn't feel right. You'd be wise to stay in the background and not worry about anything besides your immediate concerns and daily routine. Try not to rock the boat.
 Adjustments may be in order for you to flow easily with the energy of the day, Aquarius. The prevailing tone calls for a more outwardly directed solution to all situations. You will discover that it's easy to start up new projects today, especially those involving creative or romantic elements. The tricky part will be follow
 Now that you have a solid grip on your situation, unexpected things may come along that change the rules again, Aquarius. It may feel like the chair you just got comfortable in has suddenly been pulled out from under you. Don't get angry. Just realize that this is probably a sign that you need to move on. Keep things new and exciting. Share your thoughts and ideas with others.
 Today is your day to shine in every way, Aquarius. There's a concentration of energy in your favor, so act boldly and without hesitation. Your emotions are leading the way, and your heart is barely a half a step behind. Follow these forces like the Pied Piper. Let this be the start of a wild ride on a whole new roller coaster of adventures. The time is right for you to lead.
 Today your progress might slow a bit. Problems with computers, telephones, cell phones, or other forms of technology might interrupt your day, Aquarius. This might be frustrating and irritating. Even though you don't usually blow your top, today you might be tempted. Try to keep your cool. This should pass by tomorrow. You don't want to make others more upset than they already are.
 If you've been thinking about a job change or even a new career, a chance encounter could provide the opportunity. However, Aquarius, remember, "If something seems too good to be true, it probably is." Get the facts as clearly as you can. Consider all the ins and outs before committing yourself or getting too excited about it. If you still want to pursue the opportunity, go for it.
 Something underhanded is going on, Aquarius. Unethical people could be trying to manipulate certain situations in order to turn them to their own benefit. Be careful! Steer clear of any "political" conversations, and refrain from commenting on any situation or listening to gossip. On the positive side, your intuition is sharp, so you should be able to sense the trustworthy.
 There's some likelihood you'll become irritated with someone close to you today, Aquarius. Just who do they think they are, anyway? How insulting to put on such an act, especially considering how long you've known each other. Whatever you fight about, at the heart of it is your frustration and concern that your friendship may end. Try not to overreact. Express yourself mildly.
 This kind of strange day doesn't come around often, Aquarius. It will seem as though you no longer know what you want. Do you have a yen to take off for the other side of the globe? People won't understand you, and you will think that explaining yourself is pointless. The best thing to do may be to unplug from your usual activities and go for a walk. You have nothing to lose.
 Make sure you leave things in better condition than you found them, Aquarius. This is a good time to tidy your personal space and the environment. This is also a great time to do some shopping for yourself. Just be careful that you don't spend too much money. When beautiful things catch your eye, it might be hard for you to resist them, regardless of how much they cost.
 You might find it difficult to deal with people on an emotional level today, Aquarius. Others could seem too demanding of your attention, and want to keep the focus on themselves. At the same time, you will probably need a bit more attention than usual. Try not to be so stubborn! Give people the love they need and you will find that the love you require will come to you as well.
 Connect with the stable, grounding energy of the day, Aquarius, but beware that tension may come in the form of fast talk and misguided information. People might be fickle and frantic. Wait for the dust to settle before you pick which road to take. Impulsive decisions are apt to lead you down paths that might not be the best choice for you now. Try not to think too much!
 Feel free to strike out for new territory today, Aquarius, especially when it comes to love and romance. It could be that you're so scared of losing what you have that you refuse to take risks to obtain something better that you want. Realize that you will never get any further than the rut you're in until you take a deep breath, aim high, and shoot for your dreams.
 There might be some tension between you and your romantic partner that might have you feeling a bit depressed. The key to patching this up is honest communication. Remember that honest doesn't necessarily mean brutal. Confrontations now can only widen the rift. Tell your partner how you feel, Aquarius, but don't cast blame for anything. Share a little. By day's end, all should be well.
 There is some likelihood that thoughts of your love life will haunt you today, Aquarius. Perhaps you're intrigued by the idea of exploring certain realms of your relationship that remain secret, but you're unsure how to communicate this to your mate. Perhaps you're still testing the waters, waiting until you're sure of how you feel. In any case, you may make a decision to proceed!
 You might be in a bit of a jam today, Aquarius, when one person or situation doesn't work well with what you're thinking, and another doesn't fit well with what you're feeling. There's a clash taking place that may be difficult to reconcile, especially if you remain stubbornly in your position. The more flexible you are, the better off you will be.
 Your mood may take a bizarre twist today, Aquarius, as you calm your desire to fight for something. You're probably more interested in enjoying the beauty of something rather than trying to keep it for yourself. Allowing someone or something else to be free is the best gift you can give. Keep the lines of communication open and you will find that everything falls into place as it should.
 You're obviously struggling with something big, Aquarius. Recent comments about your irritability are well founded. But don't worry. They'll forgive you eventually. In the meantime, do what you can to control your temper. It stems from your current fears, which seem to be multiplying exponentially. Blame the situation on the planets and accept it as a lesson on the path to self
 You may be a bit oversensitive today, Aquarius. It's possible that you will be irritable and conflicted as you begin to suspect that long
 The ship is headed out, so you'd better hop on board, Aquarius. People aren't apt to be too sympathetic to your emotional sob story today, so keep it under wraps. Whining will get you kicked off the boat altogether. Today's energy is teaching you to toughen up. Don't take it personally. Realize that there are important lessons we all need to learn. One of them is to know when to be silent.
 A charismatic person might visit you today and want your help with something. Emotional issues regarding family might have you feeling gloomy. Your creative side may have to lie fallow while you attend to mundane issues. Basically, you feel pretty optimistic about your life and future. You're never afraid of hard work, and you're persevering. Go for what you want and make everyone happy, including you!
 Your mind is apt to be fixed on one thing today, Aquarius, and you won't rest until you've obtained it. Perhaps it's a physical place you're trying to get to, a new gadget that you want to own, or a person you'd like to go out with. Don't be surprised if you have to put up a bit of a fight in order to accomplish this goal, whatever it may be.
 If you feel as though you aren't making sufficient progress toward your goals, use this day to correct your aim. Are you disappointed with your love life? You may have devoted a great deal of energy to it lately without seeing much payoff. Wait a few more days before you make any drastic decisions about the future, Aquarius.
 Unusual and unexpected opportunities to better your career could come to you today through friends. These friends could provide you with valuable information about making maximum use of your skills, Aquarius. Efficiency could get a boost from technology. Expect a number of interesting communications, all bringing good news. This could prove to be a stimulating, exciting day.
 You can expect your mood to improve today, Aquarius. The professional and private projects that you have at the moment should be progressing well. You feel reassured, and you're encouraged to make some new plans. If you continue to keep up the good rhythm, you will have success in redefining your goals and life direction.
 Take cover, Aquarius, because today promises to be an emotional roller coaster! Something seems to be askew with your relationships, and you feel torn in opposite directions. One force is pushing you to enrich your inner universe and another force is pushing you into the arms of someone you've recently met. Stay busy to avoid confrontation.
 Your optimism is likely to receive a little boost today, Aquarius. A memorable emotional encounter may be the source of some extra zeal. Or you may derive great satisfaction from being part of a group. The nagging chores of daily life will be forgotten for today at least. The outlook is nothing but positive!
 The person who is most organized and stable will win the race, so let it be you, Aquarius. Be careful, though. Other people may try to distract you from your work. You may be in the middle of an important project and decide to take a break. Before you know it, the phone rings and suddenly you're trapped with no escape. The break that you hoped would take no more than five minutes has turned into a big interruption.
 If things haven't been going too well with those you spend most of your time with, Aquarius, it might be time to consider your expectations of them. Ask what kinds of demands you place on others and if they're fair. Is it possible that you expect the same from others that you give, but perhaps they aren't able to match your level of performance? Consider talking with the people involved to find out how they feel.
 The energy of the day should have you feeling pretty good, Aquarius. Your spirits should be high, and laughing may well be a good part of your day. When you laugh, it gets other people going. This is a powerful effect to have. You may find that you can transfer the enthusiasm and good feelings you have to those around you. Share your positive energy by smiling, laughing, and just being yourself.
 Artistic inspiration could come from deep within at some point today, perhaps even from a dream or vision. You're likely to have a lot of energy to pour into creativity right now, Aquarius, and if you work hard and don't lose sight of the business side of the arts, you could move forward. Don't be surprised if you suddenly meet the right person to give you the right advice!
 Your inner power is probably at an all
 It's possible that you could be in conflict with people of the opposite sex today, Aquarius. You may feel as if they put obstacles in front of you and slow you down. But instead of getting into conflicts that could eventually escalate into full
 The stars indicate that love and romance are in your favor, Aquarius. You will find that this area of your life is going well. Shower your partner with affection. You honey's ego needs to be stroked. However, don't spoil him or her to the point that your mate becomes self
 Today you should think about your overdependence on money and material possessions, Aquarius. Don't you think you spend too much of your precious time thinking about money and where you're going to find it? Are you careful with your money? Do you stick to or even have a budget? These are important questions and this is a good day to find the answers.
 Are you hankering for a little fun and longing for a little experimentation and perhaps even childish play? Tempting as these prospects are, you will have to ignore them. Aquarius, you simply don't have the time, at least not today. You will be too busy coping with numerous little emergencies that crop up and having to justify your decisions throughout the day.
 There's some likelihood that a recent meeting with an influential person has put a damper on your hopes for your projects. Will you abandon them and live with regret? Or will you choose to maintain your goals despite advice to the contrary and the risk of encountering disapproval from your supervisors? This is the type of question you will have to resolve today, Aquarius.
 Minor tensions could arise today, Aquarius. People close to you, perhaps your mate or parents, seem to be trying to force you to adopt a behavior that you aren't at all willing to follow. Will you negotiate your independence gently or tear yourself free from their domination? The second possibility seems more likely.
 People may be difficult to deal with today, Aquarius. You may soon discover that they're just as stubborn as you are. Try to give others the benefit of the doubt or there will be a stalemate in just about every corner of your life. Don't consider it a loss or failure of character if you find you need to make some concessions in order to get things to work.
 Your innate talent and conscientious work ethic earn you admiration and respect. Whether you're aware of it or not, others look up to you as someone who has it together. Yet you still have that nagging doubt that you're an impostor. Today's astral energies ask you to look at where these doubts originate. It's time to get to the source and exorcise the monsters for good! They have nothing to do with your success.
 With today's celestial configuration, your emotional universe will once again glow with positive energy. You will be meeting more people, and your encounters are likely to be more profound. The coming weeks are quite promising for you, Aquarius. The music will be in the key to pleasure and sensuality. Allow the music to fill your senses!
 What are you afraid of, Aquarius? Is it contact with other people? It's as if an invisible rope were holding you back from getting close to people, or worse, pulling you back. What's this about? You're going through a period that's closely linked to your past. A failed relationship still haunts you and casts its shadow on the current one. Get rid of the skeletons in your closet!
 If a friend or acquaintance gives you advice about money or investments today, don't take it. To follow this unknowledgeable person's lead might prove to be disastrous. Participation in group activities also isn't advisable. They could get out of hand, and you could find end up in the middle of an angry crowd. This is a great day to stay home, Aquarius. Work on your own project.
 Your creative juices are flowing freely, Aquarius, but there appears to be a roadblock. Something or someone apparently doesn't want you to continue down the path you're on. Perhaps he or she is scared that you're going to discover a whole new passion in life that they don't necessarily agree with. Don't forget who is running your show 
 Try not to get tangled in other people's words, Aquarius. It could be that you're accidentally misconstruing their statements because you aren't listening closely. Rather, your mind is focused on your own thoughts, even though you snap to attention when something hits you wrong. Show respect by turning down the volume in your head when someone else has the floor, even if you don't agree with what they're saying.
 What you think may happen today is apt to be the opposite of what actually happens, Aquarius. It could be that you have a strong mental picture of how things should proceed, but end up taking a completely different action. Try to engage every part of your body, mind, and spirit so that all are on the same page regardless of what activity you actually do.
 Have you wanted to take a certain course or workshop, Aquarius? If so, this is a good day to consider all the details, make some phone calls, or enroll. As far as your educational goals go, you're very focused. You're apt to stick with any program you decide to tackle. You're also apt to learn more quickly and retain more. Think about it, read the pertinent literature, then make some calls!
 A sense of duty toward family members, children, and your sweetheart may cause you to take on responsibilities today that you wouldn't normally assume. Sincere efforts on behalf of those you care about are likely to bring the results you want. It won't just make you happy but will also please those you are helping. This not only makes you feel appreciated, it will also boost your physical strength.
 A subject that you've been studying for a long time might suddenly start making sense to you, Aquarius. Or you could finally reach a point where you can make it work for you in a practical way. Your thinking now is especially clear, focused, down to Earth, and efficient, so whatever you try or start today is likely to lead to success. Don't let occasional self
 A sudden, unexpected problem at home could be rather upsetting. This probably relates to plumbing, electricity, or some other kind of home equipment. You will have to handle it, Aquarius, which means you will be housebound for most of the day waiting for a repairman when you'd rather be out. A friend might hear of your predicament and come over to keep you company.
 Dissatisfaction with certain job conditions might come to a head today, Aquarius. A discussion with colleagues might be necessary to defuse a potentially explosive situation. Clear, honest communication is necessary in order to avoid misunderstandings. Try to remain objective. Don't let your emotions take control. Things will work out to everyone's satisfaction. The situation is temporary and unlikely to have lasting negative effects.
 Today you might feel the desire to break free from your daily routine, Aquarius, particularly regarding career matters. You might consider developing a business of your own, one that would give you a lot more freedom than you currently have. This is a good day to start looking into it. You might find that there are more possibilities out there than you expected.
 The desire to get together with friends is strong today, Aquarius, but you might be unable to do it as early as you'd hoped. You could be delayed by leftover work or chores. Don't despair, however. You will get out and have fun as planned. Pitch into whatever needs to be done and get it out of the way. You might be able to get to your gathering on time after all.
 Inner conflict regarding spiritual matters might have you questioning your and others' beliefs. You might doubt just about everything, Aquarius, and you could be tempted into angry debates over different concepts. Books or TV documentaries on whatever is bothering you might spark your curiosity and calm you down a little. A legal matter might come to the forefront today. It's a hassle, but it needs to be handled.
 Obstacles that you have ignored are suddenly starting to expand beyond reasonable proportions, Aquarius. Be careful of what you say as a result, because your words could spread like wildfire. This is no laughing matter. Difficulties in your world are likely to crop up, and you will find your ego threatened. Try to keep some sort of emotional barrier.
 Your thinking is apt to be quite clear and rational today, Aquarius. This is especially important, since others will be looking for your thoughts and opinions on a certain matter. People will know that they can get a straight and honest answer from you, so don't disappoint them. Think through each situation clearly before you offer your advice. You will find that it's worth the effort.
 If you've been reluctant to make a move, Aquarius, you should consider why. What has been holding you back? Fear of failure? A negative comment from someone else? Feeling like you aren't quite prepared for the consequences of your actions? It's time to free yourself of these mental barriers that keep you from making progress. Don't let self
 You may end up being the peaceful savior that calms everyone down today, Aquarius. Use your artistic nature and love of beauty and harmony to inspire others to put away their differences and concentrate on the positive aspects. Generous acceptance of others is the only way to go, especially today, when people are riled up and ready to fight. Do your best to promote peace.
 Information coming your way today might be unreliable, Aquarius. It could be hard for you to take a solid hold on the messages you get. Keep in mind that there are important answers waiting to be heard. These answers will come to you when you least expect them. Keep your mind open to new possibilities and the path will open up and become clear. Don't compromise your consciousness with abusive substances.
 Your slow and steady approach might be met with a bit of opposition today, Aquarius. People could be demanding of your time and energy. It's one of those days in which the people behind you in line at a coffee shop might give you dirty looks if you take too long to make up your mind.
 Today you may have some important phone calls to make, Aquarius, and want to get them out of the way before doing anything else. You will definitely get your message across, because your communicative abilities are very strong. Words combine with feelings to create understanding between you and just about anyone, whether you're talking on the phone or writing.
 There is some likelihood that you will be haunted by thoughts of your love life today, Aquarius. Perhaps you're intrigued by the idea of exploring certain secret realms of your relationship, yet you aren't sure how to communicate this to your mate. Perhaps you're still testing the waters, waiting until you know how you feel. In any case, you might make a decision to proceed today.
 You tend to be practical and businesslike by nature, Aquarius, but the tremendous growth you've experienced may increase your desire to be as sensible and efficient as possible in order to continue this trend. You're feeling upbeat and positive. You're likely to continue to feel this way. The only downside is that you're probably going to be working very hard. You will like the results, though, so go for it.
 Today you may feel especially warm and loving toward just about everybody in your circle, Aquarius, even those you usually find irritating. You could also be looking especially attractive and feeling more confident than usual. You might even feel like shopping for new clothes. Artistic ideas could flow freely, and you might think of different ways to put them to work for you.
 Today you might decide to tackle your financial paperwork and get it all done. This is a great day for that, Aquarius, although you might be a little too ambitious and not get as much done as you'd like. This is a good time to make use of any writing talent, because ideas could be coming to you thick and fast. Expect many of letters or phone calls in this busy and stimulating day.
 Changes may be taking place on the home front, Aquarius, perhaps unexpected repairs or someone moving in or out. Your household could seem frenetic and disorganized until the dust settles, which doesn't sit well with your love of peace and quiet. Whatever needs to be done is best accomplished one step at a time, with your mind focused on the results. It will help you stay sane!
 You may feel more reserved than usual, Aquarius, especially when it comes to romantic relationships. You may be feeling apprehensive about expressing yourself fully, even in the most intimate situations. Be careful about sending messages that suggest that you don't want to be around others. People are apt to think they're to blame for your reluctance. It's fine to be a recluse, but don't completely alienate yourself in the process.
 Be wary of big promises today, Aquarius. This could be one of those days when people are more likely to take a gamble because they're unrealistic about how things are going to work out. Don't be surprised if the stock market jumps as a result of the dollar signs that people imagine. It will be hard for others to resist when people receive promises of a big payoff.
 You may find that your love is incredibly magnetic now, Aquarius. All you need to do is be yourself and suddenly people flock your way. There are terrific opportunities for you to strengthen the bonds you have with the people you care about the most. Solidify your relationship with soft romantic words and actions. There is an extra sensuality to your mood and actions now.
 When it comes to relationships with others, be careful about insisting that everything be done only your way, Aquarius. It could be that you have such high expectations of your partner that he or she will never be able to live up to your standards. Basically, you're setting the stage for failure by demanding that the person for you be of a certain make and model.
 You're likely to want to spend some time alone with your partner today, Aquarius, but with the current planetary influences at play, either you or your honey's career concerns could get in the way. An unexpected opportunity needs to be explored right away, so you might not be able to spend any time together now. Contact with friends could also prove frustrating since everyone is busy.
 Today your thoughts may turn to fashion and the different ways in which you can improve your wardrobe. Don't be afraid to create a look that reflects your true inner spirit. Deck yourself in external splendor to illustrate the many different colors and layers that you carry on the inside. Don't hesitate to pick up a fashion magazine at the grocery store.
 Your reluctance to speak could get you in trouble today, Aquarius. You may hesitate to share what you know for fear of what others might think. You should realize that you're using this as an excuse to hide what's really just selfishness. Share your knowledge with others and you will be amazed at the knowledge that comes back to you in return. Keep in mind that you may need to wait for it.
 Your old ways of thinking have carried you quite far, Aquarius, but you may now find that it's time to seek a new platform for your ideas. Look for more adventurous ways to express yourself. Break out of the old mold and try something new. Once you start in a brand new direction, there will be a great deal of support encouraging you to continue along that way.
 A strong attraction to someone could take you by surprise today, Aquarius. This person could be involved in the arts in some way, perhaps film, television, or recording. You might spend considerable time together for the purpose of working on a project, but the energy between you should be strong and apparent to both of you. If you're interested in a new relationship, make sure you look your best!
 Your technical skills take a real leap forward today, Aquarius. It seems all that training you've done is finally paying off. Your new skills will greatly increase your efficiency and enhance your marketability. If you've been thinking about applying for a new position, get your resume ready to send out when you see an appealing ad. Any move you make will be for the better.
 Today's planetary energies are stimulating your ambition, Aquarius. Issues connected with your professional life may be very much on your mind. You could plot out ways to further your career. Perhaps you seek a promotion in your current business, or you could be thinking about looking for another job entirely. This is the ideal time to put specific plans into place for the future.
 You may have lost your usual control of the purse strings and spent too much money lately, Aquarius. Don't worry about it. It's all been for a good cause. It's nothing you can't handle, and certainly not enough to bankrupt you. The situation is only temporary anyway. The financial picture looks great for you in the months to come. Make the most of it!
 Instinct and determination drive you toward unconventional plans for making money, Aquarius. A finance counselor or other professional could be involved. You may see this as an opportunity to restore your ailing bank account. You may have future purchases in mind, perhaps even a new home. Consider your plans carefully before going ahead. You'll want to be sure it's what you need.
 A change in career could be in the works for you, Aquarius. It might be within the scope of your current job or an entirely new one. It's definitely a change for the better. Don't let insecurity or an attachment to your current circumstances hold you back. Whatever opportunities appear at this time may not come around again for a long while. Think about it carefully and then follow your heart.
 Today you'll realize that a clean slate brings with it the chance for a new beginning. You feel excited and optimistic about the future. Your goals are clear and your mind is sharp. How can you not succeed? Take care not to let your fantasies run away with you. Keep your eyes on your attainable goals rather than waste time and energy chasing pipe dreams.
 You could go over your accounts today and find that there's considerably less there than you thought. It isn't serious, but it can still be disappointing. There could be a new contract in the final stages of negotiation that will prove favorable, and you can find a way to make up for the shortfall. In the meantime, cut expenses so finances stay healthy until the new contract materializes.
 Are you romantically attracted to someone you know through work, Aquarius? If so, this isn't a good time to pursue it. You might be wearing your heart on your sleeve a little too obviously. This could be unsettling for your friend, and it might sabotage the results you're hoping for. Be patient and let the relationship develop. Your feelings could well be mutual!
 With the current celestial energy, you might be going on a trip, Aquarius. It may be for business, pleasure, or both. It's likely that this trip will achieve certain goals. Perhaps you're aiming for a promotion. Chances are you'll be successful in your ambitions. Or, you may be ready to set out on your own and start a new business. It's an excellent time for this, too.
 Your values could oppose those of a business or romantic partner today, Aquarius. One of you may be overly pragmatic and the other too idealistic. One seems callous, while the other seems to be living in a dream world. This could be a milestone in your relationship if approached properly. If you can't create a win/win situation, perhaps you should reconsider the partnership.
 Information gleaned from surprising sources could lead to sudden, fortunate career breaks, Aquarius. You might explore totally new fields, although this could be temporary. Your efforts should attract the attention of those who matter and eventually lead to advancement or a raise. Don't be afraid to continue to explore these sources. Keep up the good work!
 You may find people very stubborn today, so take care, Aquarius. Arguments can explode out of nowhere, so have your helmet ready. Think before you act and don't feel pressured to get involved in something that makes you feel uncomfortable. Remember that it's OK to just walk away. No one will win the boxing match, so don't even get in the ring.
 Today, a flash of inspiration may resolve an obstacle to your career advancement that presented itself in the past few days, Aquarius. This solution could prove so beneficial that you'll want to remember it for obstacles in any area of your life for the future. You may feel so good about resolving this that you'll want to go out and celebrate. Go for it!
 Erotic dreams could wake you up in a strange mood, Aquarius. You could long for a romantic encounter, but the impact is likely to be stronger than that. These intense dreams might stimulate your creative juices. If you aren't currently working on a project, ideas could flood your imagination. Let them stew for a while. There's no rush to pick one. Enjoy your day.
 Today should be busy with regard to communication, Aquarius. Calls and emails to people close to you may take up a lot of your time. You could be organizing a meeting or social event of some kind. You're probably feeling optimistic and enthusiastic, and you'll likely spread these feelings to others. You're also better able to intuit what's going on with them.
 It may be much easier than usual to express your emotions to someone today, Aquarius. If there has been something on your mind for a while, now is the time to say it. You'll be able to paint a clear picture of your true feelings. Express yourself with confidence so you don't come across as helpless or clingy. Your sensitivity is a gift that others will recognize and appreciate.
 You may have a strange paranoia that people are out to get you today, Aquarius, but don't let this feeling paralyze you. Your emotions are more than likely getting the better of you. The reality of the situation is much different than your sensitive emotions perceive. Avoid the tendency to escape even further into this fantasy world. Stay away from drugs or alcohol.
 If you've never tried your hand at the arts, Aquarius, this is the day to do it. Your imagination and ingenuity are flying high, and your aesthetic sense is acute right now. If you aren't already involved with such activities, look online or in the paper and see what classes or workshops are offered in your area. Get a friend to go with you. You'll probably have a great time!
 Demands placed on you by work colleagues could have you stressed, Aquarius. You might feel that your co
 During this time, you'll feel especially intuitive, optimistic, and spiritually on a roll. You could feel artistically inspired, Aquarius, and channel some of your newfound awareness into recently started projects. Your relationships are probably going well. Your increased understanding of others' needs makes you generous with sympathy or assistance where needed. Enjoy your day.
