 If someone you know is going through a rough time, Aries, they could come to you for support or advice. People see you as genuinely concerned and a good friend, especially when times are tough. You've probably earned their respect through your caring and helpfulness. By being such a good friend, you're surrounded by people who will be there for you when you need them.
 You might find it hard to get going, Aries. Taking direction could rub you the wrong way, especially if you're set on doing something different. Communicate your ideas and how you want to approach things rather than let irritation get to you. Your approach will be better received if you leave emotions out of it. You may even get kudos for staying calm and collected.
 Someone could approach you today offering an opportunity to increase your income, which may seem too good to be true. It might be all they say, Aries, but look into the facts before making promises to go ahead with it. All may not be as it seems! Today isn't a good day to commit to investments of any kind. Wait a few days, consider the idea again, and see if it's workable.
 It might be time to face a recent failure, Aries. No one is exempt from disappointment, of not succeeding at something. It's part of reaching a goal, no matter who you are or what you've done in the past. Even the most accomplished people have had to face this. You aren't alone in your feelings. Give it another shot. Things will work out.
 Be careful of letting a sour mood ruin your day, Aries. You may not feel particularly cheerful. This is liable to have a dramatic effect on everyone else. Be aware of the fact that your mood may not be an accurate reflection of reality, even though for the most part your world is centered on your moods and the dramatic swings they go through within one day.
 Learning about things that interest you most is something you may want to do today. At work and home, there's a schedule to tend to. On your own time, you're free to learn about anything your heart desires. Intellectual growth is something you enjoy. Whether you delve into cooking, astrophysics, or genealogy, you'll find something new.
 You may need to deal with disapproval today, Aries. This will likely come from someone you see as a superior or authority figure, perhaps a parent or teacher. While it's important to listen, if what they have to say involves your personal life and how you live it, it's no one's concern but yours. No matter what you do, someone will disapprove of something!
 Your thoughts may be scattered and confused, Aries, especially regarding responsibilities that are important to you. You need to be disciplined and focused, but frivolous chatter may fill your brain. This kind of mental muddle limits you in many situations, making it difficult to express what you feel. Ask someone who knows you well to help you make sense out of these thoughts.
 Just because your heart is feeling extra generous now doesn't mean that you need to send flowers to everyone you know, Aries. On a day like this you should channel all your incredible love and affection to one special person. Help him or her feel like an important part of your life.
 The execution of contracts and other legal documents looks favorable now, Aries. You might consider going into business, perhaps in a partnership with some friends. This looks good, but there's a chance that one of them has been keeping things from you, and this might make you angry. Honest communication is necessary in order to succeed at a new enterprise.
 Relationships should go well for you, Aries. You should be able to find emotional stability when you form a relationship with someone you trust. Don't get discouraged if this person tends to be aloof. Your friend is just giving you space to breathe and grow. Direct more of your energy outward so you may begin to manifest the ideas that you store up inside.
 Today you might feel very low, Aries, though you may not have any idea why. Your life is going well, so there's no real reason for you to feel this way. Chances are that you saw something that triggered an unconscious memory without even being aware of it. Discern what it was and then release it. Find something to do that you love!
 If you're not married or engaged, Aries, you may feel that your current love interest is avoiding you. However, this is just your imagination. Relationships always go through ups and downs, so don't worry. If you have serious doubts whether there's something wrong, ask your partner.
 If you've been feeling less like yourself lately, Aries, a surge of inner power could push you over the top and make you feel strong and healthy again. You could decide to finish the unfinished tasks around you today. You might get most of them done by day's end. Don't forget to enjoy yourself, however. You will want to make the most of your newfound energy.
 Today you might feel an overwhelming physical attraction to a new person even if you're already involved, Aries. Also, an unusual stroke of luck could bring some extra money your way. It could be an unexpected bonus, a sale of some kind, or a gift. The temptation to spend it all at once could arise. If you don't need the money for routine expenses, go for it! You deserve a reward.
 A miscommunication with a business or romantic partner might cause some ruffled feathers today, Aries. You can divert this by explaining the facts clearly whenever you give information. Make sure your partner understands what you're saying before they go and act on it! For your own part, don't be shy about asking what someone means. Remember, it's better to ask a stupid question than make a dumb mistake!
 A friend could seem distant today, Aries, and probably won't be communicating with you much. Don't jump to the conclusion that your friend is upset with you. If anything, this person is probably worried about his or her job. Just be your usual friendly self, don't push, and go about your business. Your friend will talk when the time is right.
 Your subconscious mind is active today, Aries. You might have psychic insights and some odd dreams. However convoluted they may be, they're trying to tell you something, possibly about your relationship with a friend or love partner. Make a list of the symbols and then figure out what they mean to you. The symbols in these dreams are probably all very personal.
 Spend time with someone you love today, Aries, but keep things light and easy. Don't go too deep, and don't expect others to necessarily feel the things you feel. You might feel slighted when others don't give you the attention that you think you deserve. Don't take it personally. Others may be unfocused and short of attention. Don't expect any major commitments or deep conversations right now.
 Your thinking is clear today, Aries, but it might be hard to take action on your thoughts. A restrictive force may seem to be holding you back. A sense of discipline is welling up within you, reminding you to add a touch of conservatism to whatever it is that you have in mind. Take the opportunity to pursue tasks that require you to be reserved and collected.
 Today is a relatively calm day that's sure to please you, Aries. You may even receive gifts from family and friends as marks of their esteem or love for you. This is just the kind of reassurance you need. Though you have a fairly subtle influence in your relationships with others, it's nevertheless essential to you to be a good friend.
 You're feeling altruistic today, Aries. You're eager to do what you can for others. You can now put into action all those lofty visions of volunteering for a worthy cause. It's time to do some real work. You'll be astonished at how great it feels to make a direct contribution. Spending time chopping vegetables in a soup kitchen is much more satisfying than mailing a check.
 If you've been hesitant about whether you should go on a diet, this would be a great day to start, Aries. If you're one of those people who really doesn't have to watch what you eat, good for you! However, you should still stay away from rich foods. Don't drink too much alcohol, and stay away from a lot of chocolate.
 If there is something you need to fight for, this is the time to do it, Aries. For a while now you've been doing research on the best way to proceed. The time has come to take action. You have an extra boost of vitality, and your warrior instinct is strong. You feel like a volcano ready to expel boiling hot lava. Trust and follow your instincts.
 You feel like a scared child who wants to hide under the bed today, Aries. Keep in mind that there are just as many monsters under the bed as there are out in the world. At least you can see the ones outside and perhaps even enlist the help of others to combat them. Don't shut yourself in during this time of great upheaval. Your opinion is just as valid as anyone else's.
 Slow and steady actions are likely to win the race today, Aries. Unexpected situations may crop up to throw you off course, but don't let them. Stay on your path and try not to give in to the wild, erratic energy around you. Stick to traditional methods and beware of peddlers trying to sell you wooden nickels. You're smarter than that.
 If you're in a debate, don't back down, Aries. The major advantage you have over your opponents is your keen power of observation. It enables you to pick up on the energy around you. You know exactly what other people are thinking and where their arguments are going. You'll be able to keep explosive issues from getting out of hand. Be aggressive if you feel it's needed to control the situation.
 Your thinking may have emotional overtones that prevent you from seeing the truth clearly, Aries. Do your best to tame your feelings in order to let more rational thoughts rise to the surface. There's a stability that comes when you honor your emotions from a detached perspective instead of immediately taking action in response to how you feel. Think about this as you engage with others.
 Try not to rock the boat too much today, Aries. Hold fast to your point of view, but don't get down when other people don't share your sentiments. You might feel the urge to snap at people, but realize that you're probably better off holding your tongue. Let your daydreams carry you away from the present reality. Your imaginary world will be your closest ally.
 You may feel like you're walking a tightrope, Aries. One wrong step will cause you to tumble to the ground. Don't put so much pressure on yourself. You may see things as life or death situations when what's required now is an upbeat attitude. If you insist on making things more complicated than they need to be, you may turn away the very people who can help you.
 Your emotions are active, Aries, and could be popping up in powerful outbursts. There's momentum building within that you shouldn't ignore or suppress. Perhaps you feel that what you have to say isn't appropriate for the situation. More than likely, it will do more harm than good to ignore these feelings rather than get them out, even when it seems disruptive to do so.
 Much of your focus today will be on personal possessions and material goods in general, Aries. Think about what you can do to improve your home. Make your physical surroundings comfortable and inviting. Spend time alone in your sanctuary where you can center and concentrate on the big picture. Physical comfort and beauty will translate into emotional security.
 Take an adventurous approach, Aries, especially when it comes to love and romance. Don't get moody or down in the dumps when things don't seem to be going your way. It's up to you to change your attitude. Trust that things will improve when you turn the corners of your mouth up instead of down. Stop worrying about every little issue that comes up. Take it all in stride.
 Others are apt to play a big role in the events that unfold today, Aries. It's likely that closely communing with others will be very important. Despite this, you may still feel alone. Even within a large group, your heart may yearn to bond tightly with just one other person. Do your best to stay positive regardless of the combative forces likely to be at work on a day like this.
 Aries, you finally begin to feel like you're making progress. You're intent on completing some projects that have long been in the works. After many hours of concentration and focus, you make the last adjustments and proclaim it finished. You can expect to be rewarded for your efforts. Your skills are extraordinary. You can enjoy a real sense of satisfaction. Celebrate a little!
 Instead of turning all your burning questions inward today, Aries, you might want to consider broadcasting them outward. Engage in discussions and extend your queries to the group. You may usually try to solve all the world's problems on your own, but once in a while you should stop and consider other points of view in order to enrich your perspective.
 The day will be fairly eventful, Aries. There's some likelihood that you will feel compelled to finally settle some tedious matter, either the details of a project or a problem concerning your domestic life. You won't rest until it's finished, and you won't be distracted, no matter how you're cajoled to join the others. The only thing that will matter to you will be solving this problem.
 You may feel especially emotional today, Aries, reacting strongly to just about every image you see, whether it's a war photo or a kitten on a doorstep. Spiritually, you're highly motivated and longing to know more about the world. You might find yourself thinking of making a pilgrimage. If you're serious, make your plans now.
 Guard your heart well today, Aries. It's a prime target for the abrasive words being tossed around. Your sensitivity leaves you feeling alone and naked in the harsh atmosphere. You might be better off staying in bed. If you decide to go out, be prepared. Know your weaknesses so you can use your energy resources most efficiently.
 Be brazen and bold in your actions today, Aries. This may be a hard direction for you at first, but it's the most effective way to get where you need to go. Unexpected ripples of emotion may cause you to go in an unconventional direction. Let yourself flow freely. This is an important time to get up and moving in response to these powerful emotions.
 Walk to the beat of your own drum, Aries. If you try to latch on to the smooth
 Today you may wake up and realize that there is serious room for improvement, Aries. If decorating isn't your strong suit, why not call in the professionals? In the meantime, there's a lot you can do by simply clearing away the clutter and reorganizing your bookcases in a more attractive way. Mingle some artwork and knickknacks among the books for a more interesting visual effect.
 People are going to appreciate extra long hugs today, Aries, so give them out like candy to everyone you meet. A kind gesture and warm word won't be forgotten. Let your generous and kind spirit shine through. Open your arms wide to spread love to the world around you. It's the perfect day for laughter and affection, so do your part.
 Keep up your psychic shield, Aries, because you will need it. People's comments may seem harsh even if they may mean well. Your best defense against the critical tone of the day is to use other people's criticisms as constructively as you can in order to build a stronger framework from which to work. Process this energy in a positive frame of mind. Use it to get things done.
 It may be hard for you to get a handle on things today, Aries. Your focus seems to jump from one problem to the next without finding resolution. This isn't a day to find a solution. You're better off researching, questioning, and gathering facts. Keep your channels of communication open, and don't try to pin anyone down for answers. You'll accomplish a lot by keeping active and light.
 You might be sidestepping in order to avoid a commitment today, Aries. Don't keep giving someone the runaround. Be strong and let people know your thoughts even if you think their feelings will be hurt. Your job is to protect your emotions. Other people can handle their own. Be aggressive if you have to. Your sanity depends on being true to yourself.
 This is an excellent day for you, Aries, in which your emotions will be strong. Trust that your instincts are serving you well, better than any other sign. You have nothing to lose by following you heart. This is an important time for you to rekindle the dreams that you've let smolder. Bring more of your fantasy world into your everyday life.
 The tension in the air might be what you need in order to become more aware of subconscious issues that affect your behavior, Aries. There's a great deal that you need to get off your chest. The more honest you can be about the pain people have caused you, the more love will flow in the future. Open the communication channels.
 Your heart could experience some wild fluctuations today, Aries. It may seem as if your emotions are on a derailing train. The best thing to do if this is the case is sit by yourself and write them down. Compose a letter, song, or journal entry. You're much less confused than you think. When in doubt, consult someone you love and trust. Go with your instincts.
 Take a break from the seriousness that has prevailed over the past couple days, Aries. Upbeat conversations are the way to navigate through today's waters. You might notice that others are more actively communicating and that words are especially effective. You talk and people listen. Do your share of listening, too. The conscious exchange of ideas is critical on a day like this.
 Little voices whisper in your ear and ask you to take flight and join them in the clouds, Aries. There's tension between what your heart and mind tell you. They're pulling you in very different directions. Don't be surprised if today's energy leaves you confused by sunset. Don't stress about making hard decisions or commitments.
 Key in to your sensual, beautiful nature, Aries. Take time each day to tend to your soul and make sure it gets the nourishment it needs to radiate into the world. Unexpected people are likely to appear out of nowhere, so don't be surprised when a former lover comes knocking on the door. Events from the past may travel to the present in order to teach you a valuable life lesson.
 Your emotions may seem a bit muddy today, Aries. You might not understand the reason for this. Look to others to share your thoughts. You should find that talking will help you sort through your feelings. If you need to, shift down to second gear for a little more power. Take your time if you need to. Don't let others rush you into believing something that you suspect isn't true.
 The opportunity to increase your income could spur you on to channel more energy and inspiration into career matters, Aries. Some intense dreams could reveal a lot about you and your motivation, which might increase your self
 Today is a great day to move forward, Aries. Your emotions are stable, leaving your heart free to take off to the clouds. Daydream. Now might be a good time to make plans with a romantic partner. Solidify your relationship and confirm your commitment to one another. If you're single, this is a good time to set a plan in motion that will put you one step closer to your greatest fantasy.
 Today you may want to be left alone with your thoughts. Relaxing with a good book could be at the top of your agenda, Aries, and you aren't likely to want to be interrupted. Noise and requests that don't usually bother you might irritate you, so it's best to spend some time alone and make the effort to be your usual considerate self when with others. Take a brisk walk to relieve the tension.
 A despondent friend may need some cheering up. Your ability to nurture and listen sympathetically will definitely prove beneficial, Aries. Take care not to absorb any of this person's dejection. Your life should continue to go well with professional successes leading to new friendships and goals. Hang on to your enthusiasm and optimism while showing compassion for others.
 Many of your personal goals have either been met or are in progress, Aries, and you're feeling exhilarated. However, people around you might have their hands out. You may be asked to contribute to charities or make personal loans to people you don't know well. You want to help whenever you can, but be discriminating about whom you help now. Some may be less than trustworthy.
 Whatever skills or talents you're using to accomplish your present goals may seem blocked, Aries. This could give rise to a sense of frustration if you let it, but don't fall into this trap. If you can't get motivated, focus on something else, perhaps an activity you've never tried before. This could get your mind going again while allowing your other skills to pick up steam.
 Some intense dreams about someone you haven't seen for a long time could have you wondering what this person is doing now, Aries. It might also awaken the desire to be in contact again. Call if you can. You might be pleasantly surprised. An increased psychic sensitivity could cause you to better understand the thoughts and feelings of family members. Communication of all kinds should go well today.
 Someone could call and want to share some troubles with you, Aries. Your sensitivity and compassion may attract more than one unhappy person in need of sympathy and advice. While this is flattering, it could be a bit of a drag as well. You aren't likely to turn these people away. Accept this as a natural consequence of being a good listener. And take care not to let these sad stories get to you.
 Plans to get together with a close friend or romantic partner might go awry due to circumstances beyond your control, Aries. Sudden events could necessitate being out of touch. You might have to face delays when you're trying to make arrangements. Don't give up 
 Have you recently lost some faith in the future, Aries? Isn't it time to do something about it, especially where your personal life is concerned? You could find the answers to these questions if you'd take a second look at the quality of your close relationships. Who knows? Love might give you back your enthusiasm for life.
 You may feel like someone caught in a tornado, Aries. Things are whirling around you and everything seems out of control. Don't get stressed out. There's nothing you can do about it. Allow the storm to do what it will. You will only get hurt if you try to stop it. Accept things you have no control over. The storm will settle down soon.
 Proceed with passion, Aries. Get out of gloomy mode. Don't sit home and mope. Get out in the sunshine, literally as well as figuratively. Don't stay cooped up inside when there is a big world out there to explore. This is a day to keep things light and energetic. Remember that happiness is a decision.
 Don't hide, Aries. This is your time to come out of the shadows. There's a spark within that's urging you to act. Move forward and worry about the consequences later. This isn't a good time to search every sentence for hidden meaning. People may be careless with their words. Don't overanalyze them.
 Your head and heart are working in concert today, Aries. Things are coming together just as you expected them to. Have confidence in yourself. More than likely, you have the perfect solution to every situation. Maybe your incredible perception of the circumstances will catch someone off guard. Be prepared for some surprised reactions.
 You may wonder what all the fuss is about today, Aries. People may be getting all worked up over nothing. Don't get absorbed in the melodrama. Set the record straight and bring out the truth as you see it. Don't let others hide behind façades, and don't do the same. It's important that everyone be aware of how you feel.
 You shouldn't try to stay alone today, Aries. Once in a while you need to spend some time alone to ponder your life, to dream and wish for better things to come. But today you could meet someone who will take you places you aren't accustomed to going. Try to stay available in order to seize this opportunity.
 Today you will tend to analyze your life. You will think about your lifestyle and the food you eat. Are you eating foods that are good for your body? Are you exercising enough? The stars will help you focus on your health. Health
 This period is full of difficulties and you will tend to question yourself, especially today. You will start thinking about your personality. Your ego risks bruising, and you will have the greatest difficulty turning your intention into real action. Your sensitivity prevents you from materializing your ideas.
 Watch your back today, Aries. There's a distinct presence nearby that requires your attention. Luckily, your emotions are a lot more stable than usual, and you're more strongly connected with your feelings. In fact, you may be in the clouds. You shouldn't have any problem navigating through this part of the atmosphere. Others may look to you for advice.
 You're in line with your warrior instincts today, Aries, which reminds you to align with your dreams. The tricky part is how you're going to plan your attack so that there's an equal balance of give and take. Today's prevailing energies may catch you in a difficult situation. Sometimes an outwardly directed, argumentative approach is the only way to push through the roadblock.
 There's a powerful force urging you to act today, Aries. Someone may be working counter to your aims and trying to rub you the wrong way. Don't let people outwit you. You have just as much right to express your opinions as anyone else. Use the power of your mind to come out on top in any situation. Freedom is a state of mind. Do something that makes you want to dance.
 Things may be moving a bit too quickly today for you to grab hold of anything, Aries. There's an element of the unexpected entering into the equation. Be prepared. The mood of the day is especially light and perhaps a bit superficial. People may not be entirely reliable. If there's something you absolutely need to do, consider doing it by yourself.
 Your intuition is more reliable than your mind today, Aries. This is a terrific day in which you should enjoy a good mood and clear head. Your emotions are high, so take advantage of this energy and share it with others. Your generous, nurturing spirit is in demand. If you had a nickel for every good piece of psychological advice you dispense today, you'd be a millionaire.
 Your nurturing instincts are strong today, Aries. This is an excellent day to reveal your opinions. You've probably been sitting in the background, quietly observing and collecting data for quite some time. Now is the time to come out of the shadows and let your conclusions be heard. Don't let others push you around. Take a stand for what you know is right.
 You would do well to join the intensity of the day, Aries. You have the ability to unravel any riddle and find the underlying cause of any dispute. There's a great deal of potential for you to follow through on some major projects today. Work to press through with your ideas. Don't back down. Your sensitivity is your greatest asset. Feel free to express your emotions.
 Lay low today, Aries. Don't try to force any answers from people. Eat a healthy breakfast and stay away from caffeine. Relate to people on an intellectual or philosophical level and discuss the meaning of life. If you're looking for sympathy, you may need to wait a couple days. People aren't in the mood. They just want to be left alone.
 Today is a very expansive day for you, Aries. Your emotions can lead you into favorable situations with others. The pace of the day may seem a little slow, but this can be used to your advantage. Examine every detail with care and try not to leave any piece of the equation unaccounted for. You should enjoy a stable, caring mood that radiates out and draws others toward you.
 Rid yourself of all regret, Aries. Guilt is useless. It doesn't do anyone any good. Your emotions are volatile and apt to erupt in unexpected bursts. Feel free to let it all out. Today isn't the best day to ask for sympathy, but that shouldn't be your goal anyway. Only you can clean out the negative issues that are floating around in your heart and mind.
 Words may not be the best way to communicate things today, Aries. Body language, touch, and taste will be much more effective. You will find that your senses are heightened. Let your feet follow your nose and go enjoy a good meal with someone special tonight.
 You might feel a bit restless today, Aries. You may want to get the word out to others. Unfortunately, your tongue may be tied and it could be hard for you to express yourself exactly the way you want. Balance is key. You should work to foster harmony among your associates. This is a good time to get out and be social.
 You may feel like your resources are depleted and you want to throw in the towel, Aries. Don't give up yet. Today may not be the best day of your life, but that doesn't mean you should write everyone off and become a hermit. You may be moodier than usual, but you will snap out of it. You may need to be a bit more adaptable in order to roll with the punches today.
 You may have spent the past few weeks exploring other horizons, Aries, meeting new people, going out more frequently, or taking short trips. But there's a significant change of rhythm in the air. You will settle down and bask in the comfort of your home. You will find that you have just the incentive you need to stabilize yourself for a while. Expect some pleasurable moments in the domestic realm.
 The place you arrive at today may not be quite what you expected, Aries. Once you get there, you will find that there is sudden opposition in your camp. Things may not always be exactly what they seem, so check your facts before you make any major decisions. It's better to get the information right from the source rather than depend on what you hear through the grapevine.
 Your goal for today is to enchant your mate. There's no reason not to try. Indeed, it's an excellent day for love. But don't exaggerate your seductive wiles, Aries. Since the day's aspects tend to distort your perception of things, you may be deceived by what you see in the mirror. Be careful about what you do and how you do it!
 When it comes to issues of love and romance, you're likely to be in a tough situation, Aries. The problem is that it may seem like there's an element of detachment developing. Your partner may be moving away from you instead of toward you. Either that, or you feel that he or she simply isn't relating to you as intimately as you'd like.
 You can be quiet and reclusive when it comes to expressing feelings, Aries. Today may be the exception. The aspects can bring real strength to your communication abilities. You'd be wise to seize the opportunity. Take steps to express your feelings by initiating conversations. Words will come much more easily than usual. If there are problems to handle, you will likely find resolutions.
 If you're unclear about the topic of discussion, say so, Aries. Asking questions is an important part of learning. You shouldn't be afraid to ask. Communication may take on a serious tone, and intellectual discussions are likely to get heated. Bring up political topics at the dinner table and give everyone a chance to speak on the matter. Don't try to change the subject in order to avoid the conversation.
 You may be sensitive, Aries, but you're also persistent. The waves you've surfed in the past few weeks have only strengthened your resolve. However, you will have to be satisfied with this past period of thrills. The weeks ahead will be much quieter. Use the time to regain some control over your life and work hard to simplify your attitudes.
 You may feel a bit anxious today, Aries, and it may be hard to settle down. You probably have many irons in the fire right now, and they're all starting to heat up at once. Unfortunately, other people may not be especially sensitive to your needs, so beware. It might be best to put up some sort of psychic shield to protect yourself from other people's moods.
 Your self
 Here is just the kind of day artists dream about, Aries. After yet another lukewarm reception of your artwork, an influential agent shows up and offers to place your paintings in one of the most prestigious museums in the world! This is just an example of the kind of extraordinary event that could be in store for you today. Whatever your pursuits, you have a very good chance of success!
 You have the sensitivity to pick up on what's going on in every situation today, Aries. Powerful emotions may conflict with extremely strong opinions. Welcome to the battle between the head and the heart! On this day you may be more apt to side with the heart. Realize that this arena is heated and that the forces around you are extremely stubborn.
 You should feel especially emotional today, Aries, reacting strongly to nearly everything you see, whether a photo of a natural disaster, a group of children, or a kitten sitting on a doorstep. Spiritually, you're highly motivated and longing to know more about worlds beyond this one. You might long to make a pilgrimage, perhaps to a holy shrine or other sacred place. If you're serious, make plans.
 Today you may feel especially passionate, Aries, and desire a romantic encounter. You might even have a hot date scheduled. Don't be surprised if it has to be postponed for reasons beyond anyone's control. You might try to sublimate those feelings through creative activities. Romantic novels and movies could also prove good outlets, though never as good as the real thing!
 Today's overall outlook is positive for you, Aries. You can expect to focus on giving a little more character, expression, or enrichment to your domestic life. You may redecorate a part of the house or find new leisure activities for the children. Don't be reluctant to suggest something original. They will probably enjoy it!
 The forecast today is stormy. You may have sensed that there was some tension clouding the conversation at home. Resentments were left unsaid and subtle power games were played without resolution. Today, Aries, it all becomes too unbearable for you. Regardless of the risks involved, you will take measures to clear things up.
 You don't have to be a genius or do something extraordinary in order for people to notice you, Aries. It's time you abandon the notion that you can't play a musical instrument because you don't have perfect pitch or that you can't sculpt because you don't have Michelangelo's genius! Dare to engage in any hobby or interest that you fancy.
 A friend might be ill, causing you considerable worry. One of the goals you've been trying to reach could be delayed in some way, causing frustration. Your financial situation could also be on your mind. You could be worrying needlessly, Aries. The situation is cloudy and may not be as unsettling as it seems. You may have received some misinformation. Check the facts before making yourself crazy.
 You may be taking stock of your professional life, Aries. If this is so, be careful to balance strategy with personal objectives. If you're a journalist, think about writing for yourself as well as the paper. You could write novels, poetry, or plays. It doesn't matter what you create so long as it accurately reflects what you feel and is quite apart from your professional life.
 You finally understand that the force of your will can't always determine everything, Aries. Your ego is taking a beating, no doubt, but this will help you mature. You accept being wrong and willingly revise your judgment when necessary. In a way, you've just finished your first year at a university for wisdom!
 Pressure and worries involving home and family could get in the way of your concentration today, Aries. There may have been a quarrel with a household member that weighs on your mind. The best way to deal with this is to give yourself and everyone else time to cool down. Later you're likely to find that it has all blown over.
 You may feel tense, Aries, perhaps because someone close to you disregards the way you feel. You feel as if this person is more concerned with his or her own issues and not concerned about you. Meanwhile, your sensitive, caring heart is well aware of everyone else. You support others and are thoughtful. It's time to rearrange your priorities. First care about yourself, then others.
 You may be confused about asking for help, Aries. Your usual resources could be occupied with issues and conflicts that have nothing to do with you. You may then offer to help others. By doing this, you've put someone else's needs above your own. Although this may feel good to you on some level, it's also a way to avoid the problems that you need to deal with.
 With your psychic abilities, you're liable to shed some light on issues in which the truth has been unclear for quite a while, Aries. You can use your sensitivity to cut to the heart of the matter and expose the truth. This kind of behavior probably won't come without friction from others. You can almost guarantee that it will. Don't let it faze you. It's important to reveal the truth.
 Determination could advance career and money matters today. If you've been thinking about striking out on your own, Aries, this is the day to start. Some in
 Today you might face a task that seems as workable as emptying the ocean with a teacup. But with help from others, you will not only be able to handle it but also produce exceptional results. Physically, you're likely to feel full of strength and stamina, ready to move mountains. Don't be too surprised if you actually manage to budge a few!
 An unexpected setback could interfere with reaching a long
 Certain questions about your family life aren't as cut and dried as you might think, Aries. This can be the case when emotions are involved. Yet more than anyone else, you need to be careful not to hurt anyone's feelings. Today something could happen that will let you control the situation while controlling your emotions.
 Your partner may be all over you today, Aries! Are you in the mood to listen? Are you interested in some love? Probably not. You may have had a hard day and just feel like some quiet time together. You aren't up to the demands your partner may make on you. You don't need to worry about it. It happens to everyone from time to time.
 Think about tolerance, Aries, and notice to what extent it can liberate you. If you let others do and think what they like, you will find that you grant yourself this same right. This is the issue of the day for you. It's when you don't allow cultural norms to ruffle your feathers that you can liberate yourself.
 What a day, Aries! Whether at work or at home, you may find yourself choosing between two options, both of which stem from anxiety! You may decide to vanquish your doubts by burying yourself in your work. If so, you can expect to expend a great deal of energy. Or you may react with indifference, and the apathy will cost you just as much. The situation will improve in a few days.
 This isn't a day for subtle, sensitive people like you, Aries. In fact, the winner will probably be the one who shouts the loudest and bangs on the table. The air of aggression will have an effect on you. You could be somewhat upset and more vulnerable than usual. It would be wise for you to stay away from all the commotion.
 A relaxing evening at home may be just what you need, Aries, but a colleague might ask you to attend a business
 This is an ideal day to begin a creative venture, Aries. You've had many ideas and creative urges. Today it's time to choose one and take the first step to making your vision a reality. You will find that the form will change. This is no reason to be discouraged. It's part of the normal evolution of any work of art. The key here is to begin.
 This is an excellent time to share your feelings with the person you love, Aries. It might seem a little scary to you. You're usually a reserved person, but you may surprise yourself with the passionate declarations that reflect your happiness now. Take advantage of this, because things could change over the next few days. You may go back into reclusive mode!
 You may want to take a little trip into your past to visit some old friends, Aries. You could find yourself daydreaming through your good and bad memories. This is an excellent period to break with some of the more negative ties to your past. If your partner is a little worried about you going back in time at the moment, reassure him or her.
 It's likely that you're being held back by certain traumatic past events. Before you can make further progress in your life, Aries, you must address these painful memories for the last time. If it feels too frightening to do alone, seek professional help. You will find that mustering the courage to do this difficult, emotional housecleaning is more than half the battle.
 Don't be afraid to ask for help today, Aries. It may be that your friends and family help you with a task or you discover a mechanized solution that does the job for you. Technology can be a wonderful thing. Don't let any aversion to it stop you from incorporating it into your daily life. You will find that once you embrace innovation, it improves your quality of life dramatically.
 A gathering could bring you lots of good news and useful information, Aries. The problem is that there might be too much. You will want to remember it all, but your memory may not be as sharp as usual. Before you attend a gathering, grab a notebook and pen. That way you can write down whatever you want to look into later.
 You can expect to have a confusing encounter with a friend or colleague today, Aries. He or she may come to you for advice but hesitate to reveal the specifics of the problem. You will feel as though you've been asked to mediate an argument, yet you only know one side of the story. Be patient. Gently probe for more details. If they aren't forthcoming, change the subject!
 Feel free to break ties with certain people now, Aries. You may be overextending your emotional bank account by investing too much of yourself in others' lives. You may not even realize how much this sort of action taxes you until you rid yourself of unnecessary baggage. Make phone calls shorter and time in the bathtub longer.
 You may not want to leave the house today! You may not feel very social and prefer to spend time alone. You could go through old photographs, read old letters, and look through the attic. Pondering memories with a new perspective may clear up some things. With the wisdom and experience you've gained over the years, certain past issues may now finally make sense.
 It looks like your ship is about to come in, Aries. The planetary configuration indicates that you can expect additional financial resources, perhaps a raise. You deserve it! You've been working long and hard these past several months. You've earned the respect of authority figures and the admiration of peers. Be careful not to fritter away the extra money. Put some aside for a rainy day.
 Have you been walking or exercising too much lately, Aries? If so, you might experience aching feet and legs today. Wear comfortable shoes and stay off your feet as much as you can in order to allow the pains to heal. You might want to relax in a hot tub at some point, preferably with a romantic partner! This is one way to turn a misfortune into a great time.
 Financial paperwork might have you baffled today, Aries. You might not be in the right frame of mind to do it now, so if it isn't urgent, wait a day or two. If you need to take care of it immediately, don't be too shy about consulting someone else. You will be glad you did, and you won't have to wonder whether or not you did it right.
 Material values may pale beside spiritual ones today, Aries. You might consider giving up the rat race and retreating to the wilderness. This would perhaps make a good vacation, but you probably aren't ready to chuck it all just yet. Don't be too hard on yourself if your enjoyment of worldly pleasures returns tomorrow. Changes like this come gradually, not overnight. Take it at your own pace.
 Start today on the right foot by projecting a positive mood and healthy mindset, Aries. If you're dragging your heels and already dreading the forthcoming events, you will only succeed in making it harder to move ahead, regardless of what you end up doing. Attitude is everything. This is one of those days in which it matters the most.
 A strange, bothersome feeling could plague you today, Aries, as if you can't remember something you need to do. Don't drive yourself crazy over this. Chances are you haven't forgotten anything but had a rather irritating dream. If you can't seem to shake the idea, try asking your subconscious to pull up the dream. Write it down. Once you know what it's all about, you will probably feel free again.
 Today could be filled with delays and mix
 Pay attention to your dreams today, Aries. They're likely to be interesting! If possible, write down your impressions the moment you wake up. They may not mean much at first, but after a few days you can review your notes and you may be surprised by what they reveal. You're in the mood for a major change in your life, and your dreams may point you in the right direction.
 Premonitions today might be rather disturbing, Aries, and you might actually feel some fear because of them. Don't panic! Your intuitive abilities aren't quite as sharp as usual. What you feel could be distorted or untrue. This doesn't mean you've lost it, either. Try to be objective about everything you pick up psychically. You will be glad you did.
 Today you should feel especially sensual, Aries. You will want to bask in the pleasure of being in love. A passionate encounter could occur at your home, probably after a wonderful meal you've prepared. You could have a frank discussion about the future of the relationship. You might decide to try living together if you don't already. Think carefully about it and do what feels right.
 Today you might decide to host a social event in your home, perhaps for friends and colleagues with whom you share intellectual, philosophical, or spiritual interests. Dreams, astrology, or metaphysics could come up. This should be a congenial gathering. You're apt to bond closely with these people. At least one of them might be a potential romantic partner who finds you fascinating.
 Your goal for the day seems to be to enchant your mate. There's no reason not to try. Indeed, today is excellent for love. But don't exaggerate your romantic wiles, Aries. Since the day's aspects tend to distort your perception of things, you may be betrayed by what you see in the mirror. Be careful of what you do and how you do it!
 Sometimes friends become a person's real family. Your friendships are deep and enduring. Many people are eager to give you help today, so why are you reluctant to receive it? Haven't you been the one promoting the benefits of warm, sincere friendship? The day ahead makes you aware of your talents and reinforces just how important such friendships really are.
 Communications coming your way today may be more plentiful than useful, Aries. You could receive lots of confusing phone calls. At first you will be excited by the mailbox full of letters, but then you'll find that some are junk while others are addressed to people you've never heard of. Hang in there. This tendency should pass by tomorrow!
 Use your powerful sense of intuition today, Aries. Whether you realize it consciously or not, the oceans are creating a tsunami of power that won't be ignored. Make sure you're operating from a solid base before you extend yourself outward. Be careful of the rip tides. It may be fun to play in the waves, but this is one of those times in which you could easily get sucked out to sea.
 Your love, generosity, and sense of beauty are heightened today, Aries. If there's one thing you need to do, it's go outside and watch the sunset. The romantic, creative, and beautiful side of all things, including you, will resonate strongly and create a lasting bond with your inner core. Your sense of self will be restored through tender moments and sensual experiences.
 Today is a great day to make your big move, Aries. If there's something in the love and romance department that you feel you need to act on, this is the day to do it. It's now or never. Approach all situations in a practical, caring manner. Plow forward with confidence and don't look back. Indulge in those things that give you pleasure. Get a massage or take a bubble bath tonight.
 Your emotions may be erratic, Aries. You may want everyone to know what you're feeling and act out in an immature manner to get noticed. In a way, you feel like a kid who will do anything to get a parent's attention, even if the action is naughty. At the same time, you don't want to be seen as the bad kid. As a result, you may just mope until someone asks you what's wrong.
 If you're attending a class tonight, do something frivolous for the rest of the day. Read romance novels instead of great literature. Otherwise, by the time you get to class you will already be suffering from intellectual overload and absorb very little of what you hear. Keep yourself hungry for knowledge until you get there. That way you will learn quickly and retain a lot.
 Your intuition may guide you in a direction that seems at odds with what logic and practicality tell you, Aries. This could put you in a quandary. Should you try to be practical or should you follow your heart? Don't make the decision today. Ask friends for advice if you like, but wait a few days before making any irrevocable choice. The uncertainty should clear up before long.
 Success and good fortune are strongly indicated today, Aries, along with a sense of optimism. All sorts of changes and surprises lie in store for you. You may receive information from a business partner that radically changes your short
 You might feel lonely and insecure due to lack of contact with a close friend or romantic partner, Aries. You might wonder if the person has forgotten you or simply doesn't care anymore. Take the time to try to connect with this person. You may discover that no neglect was intended and that the relationship is solid. It's better for you to tackle this directly rather than speculate.
 You're likely changing your mind about something that has been important to you, Aries. Perhaps you're questioning your job, career path, or choice of a mate. Confusion may dominate your thoughts today. Don't expect to arrive at any concrete answers by day's end. This is a situation that will only be resolved with time. Try to be patient.
 Today indicates that you can expect to make a leap in your career, Aries. Your intellect and communicative skills have served you well in the past months, paving the way for advancement. You may decide to try hard to be sure the promotion occurs. You might work extra hours and decide to commit to some new projects so the higher
 A few extra things need to be done around the house today, Aries. A few more letters need to be written, a few more cleaning chores should be done, and you might still want to dress the place up a little. Your mood is very positive, and you should speed through these tasks with little energy drain. You will have plenty left for socializing tonight.
 This is a good day to spend with your family, Aries, as you love to do. Try to get chores out of the way as quickly as possible and schedule something fun for the afternoon. Maybe you would enjoy an outing to a park or movie. Perhaps it would be fun to bake cookies. Whatever you decide, warmth and love will permeate the air and bring you closer together as you create wonderful memories.
 Over the past few months you may have thrown yourself into your work, accomplishing feats that ordinary people would never even try. Today you should give your brain a day off! Don't worry. Your successes haven't gone unnoticed by higher
 Unexpected social invitations might find you meeting people in the healing professions 
 The possibility of moving out of your neighborhood may have occurred to you before, Aries, but events today might have you finally making up your mind to do it. Perhaps too many good neighbors have moved away, or maybe some good fortune has made it possible for you to move to a bigger place. There is much to consider and decide before it happens, but if this is what you really want, go for it.
 You may fall into a bottomless pit today, Aries. Be careful about offering so much of yourself that you drain your internal resources. You might think other people will be equally generous about offering themselves to you. Don't assume this. You're better off assuming that you will get nothing in return. Play your cards from this standpoint and you may be a bit more conservative.
 Reach out to those people you know will make you feel better today, Aries. There's no reason to sit in your room alone and depressed when you know there are people who would love to hear from you. Don't think that others are too busy to listen to your thoughts and feelings. Your emotions are strong, and your incredibly sensitive mind can offer a great deal of insight.
 You may feel a tendency to do things the same old way today simply because it's what feels most comfortable, Aries. Even though the familiar route may be tempting now, it's actually better if you seek a different way to go. Things may feel chaotic, especially in the morning and early afternoon. Still, don't automatically resist things that are new and different.
 Increased communication between you and those around you, particularly the partner in your life, brings a new understanding between you. Your head and heart seem to be in better accord, so you're feeling especially optimistic right now. This optimism isn't just related to career and financial matters but to private matters, especially your romantic life, too.
 Other people may find it difficult to deal with today's intensity, Aries, but you will be quite adept at fitting into whatever situation comes your way. The waters may get quite rough, especially when it comes to love and romance, but know that the boat you're on is seaworthy. There's also room for others, so let more people on board.
 You're apt to be in a good mood today, Aries. The roller coaster of feelings you've been on is finally coming to a stable platform. Get off the ride and enjoy the comfort of solid ground. Take a walk and treat yourself to something you enjoy 
 A friend might approach you with the idea of forming a partnership, and even propose drawing up a tentative agreement. This is definitely something worth looking into, Aries, although you should consider all the facts before committing. Success and good fortune are definitely in the works, whether through this partnership or not. Expect an important call from a romantic partner.
 Bring more of your feelings into the open today, Aries. Don't be so paranoid about what other people think. At times you may feel as if you're in some sort of spy movie with you playing the lead role. The people around you are other players in the game, and you may feel that sometimes they can't be trusted. Maybe they're working for the enemy. It's time to dismiss these thoughts from your mind.
 Don't be afraid of the fire today, Aries. Instead, embrace it and incorporate more of it into your life. Certain people may intimidate you at first, but that doesn't mean you should run away from the scene. More than likely this feeling of intimidation is a signal that there's something you need to learn from that person or situation. Stick around and pay attention.
 A sudden burst of physical energy and determination could lead to additional income for you, Aries. This is probably due to an unexpected opportunity to do some extra work outside the scope of your usual employment. It could also be a long overdue payment for past work. You could also receive acknowledgement of some kind for work well done, further firing your enthusiasm. Go for the gold!
 You may sense that the actions around you are fueled by selfish motives. You may be the only one who really sees what's going on, Aries. You feel like an observer on a mountain looking down with disdain on the people below. You understand the politics of the situation, yet from your high vista you feel powerless to implement effective change. Collect data now and act later.
 You may not be having the best of luck when it comes to matters of the heart, Aries, and you may feel you need to take some sort of action. Be careful of acting just for the sake of creating movement. Perhaps the best policy for you now is to relax where you are and wait for the perfect love to come to you. Your battery will be well charged when the time comes to use it.
 Your moods are always fluctuating. Today looks like you're on an up note, Aries, so enjoy the caring, sensitive mood of the day. You should find that you can clearly express your emotions on a more intellectual level. At the same time, you're also able to put more feeling and sensitivity in your otherwise dry intellect. Realize that we are all one.
 Expect to spend much of your day alone, Aries. Information obtained from books or videos, perhaps involving history, philosophy, or religion, might inspire you to look deeper into a subject and turn it to your own advantage. You might decide to take a trip or return to college. There's also the chance that you could be inspired to write or otherwise express your ideas and feelings. Go to it!
 Confusion about money might be on your mind today, Aries. This doesn't necessarily mean that your finances are in chaos. Chances are that you face unfamiliar options concerning your financial future, and so you may be in no position to make any kind of decision. Don't feel that you have to do it today. It would be best if you waited a few days until you're a bit more focused to consider your options.
 There's an explosive quality about the day. You may walk along, minding your own business, when someone accidentally bumps into you. Your first reaction may be to push that person back. Carelessness on the part of others may cause you to get worked up into fits of rage. Do your best to keep these tendencies under control, especially when driving.
 Much of today will be a continuation of yesterday, but with perhaps a bit more intensity for you, Aries. There's an added buzz in the air, like static on a radio. This background noise may not provide the best environment to work in, but you should be able to navigate with no problem. Tune out the chatter and move on.
 Rewards from hard work and dedication could finally be in the offing, Aries. You experience the warm feeling that comes from deep satisfaction and knowing that you deserve everything wonderful that's happening. You will want to bask in your happiness with your loved ones. Plan a celebration and share your good fortune with the people who have supported you.
 Better communication should pave the way for personal and professional advancement, Aries. You might come to a new understanding with colleagues or you could get some state
 This isn't the day for contracts or legal work of any kind, Aries. You may think you understand everything about a document, but it's likely you don't. The atmosphere is ripe for misinformation and misunderstanding. You will be well served today if you keep to yourself and do your work carefully and systematically. The legal documents can wait for another day.
 Today, Aries, you're likely to undertake some seemingly urgent decorating projects in order to get your home in tip
 The survival of a partnership could depend on some open and honest communication today, Aries. Conflicting issues may be simmering and need to be aired in a sensitive and caring way. It's vital to express the affection you feel for your partner and the importance of this partnership to you. The conversation may not be an easy one, but you will feel better for it by day's end.
 A change in your working circumstances could make a positive difference to you, Aries. Perhaps you've moved to another desk, room, floor, or building. Whichever it is, you will be less stressed out. Being near difficult people or sitting near a window where you can see out can recharge your batteries and make you more productive.
 A study of a philosophical or metaphysical concept or perhaps an ancient or foreign culture could take up a lot of your time today, Aries. Your mind is especially sharp and penetrating now, so you should notice more, learn more quickly, and retain more of what you read. The only downsides are possible eyestrain and a buzzing mind. Take a walk before you go to bed.
 You're a sensitive and caring person, Aries. Today you feel especially connected to your group, even those you don't know well. Your kind nature brings healing to others and many benefits to you whether you're aware of it or not. You should be feeling happy and upbeat. You're physically fit, you look great, and you will be happy to spend the day socializing.
 The aura today is calm and peaceful, stress is at a minimum. You're likely to be getting along very well with your group, even the more difficult among them. As a result, you will probably accomplish a lot more together than usual. At the end of the day you will be pleased with what you've done and proud of yourself. Go to it!
 Have you been feeling psychic lately, Aries? Has a recent dream or premonition come true? Any insights that you receive today aren't likely to be clothed in complex symbolism 
 You're feeling extremely romantic and passionate today, Aries. If you've experienced a rift with your spouse or loved one, this would be the day to make amends. Why not make reservations at an intimate restaurant? A night out may be just what you need to rekindle that spark. You surely have enough passion to whip the spark into an enduring flame.
 Information gleaned today might not be totally accurate, Aries. Someone may be repeating gossip or making stories up out of whole cloth. Listen if you want, but don't pass along anything you hear unless you know for a fact that it's true. Your workload might be especially heavy and you might have a deadline, so you have a ready excuse not to pay any attention!
 A date to get together with a romantic partner might have to be broken at the last minute, Aries. Your friend might not give a reason, and you might wonder if this means he or she doesn't really want to see you. That probably isn't the case. All signs are that your friend has received some bad news and didn't want to upset you. Hang in there. You should hear from your honey again soon.
 Your ego should be strengthened by your emotions, and vice versa, today. Be yourself in every capacity and situation, Aries. Things should flow quite smoothly for you as long as you keep the energy moving within you. Share your feelings honestly with others and you will find that your inner vitality strengthens. No one will be able to speak against words that come straight from your heart.
 Your self
 If you've been feeling under the weather, expect to feel stronger today than you were before, Aries. Your enthusiasm is up and new ideas are flowing into your brain. Whatever you work on today should really stand out. You will experience a new sense of power and optimism. Don't be too intense, though. Others might get the wrong impression. Be your usual sensitive self and all will be fine.
 Today you might want to host a meeting of your metaphysically inclined friends, Aries. Discussions could lead to insights that none of you would have come up with alone. Your minds will be going a thousand miles an hour. None of you may ever be the same! Don't forget to take notes of your discussions. You won't want to forget a thing you've heard or said.
 An opportunity to earn extra money in a creative way may come today from an unexpected and perhaps even previously unknown source, Aries. This could come as a surprise, but you're likely to want to take advantage of it. You could also be the lucky recipient of a financial windfall. Someone who owes you money might suddenly pay you back. This should definitely be a good day for money!
 Try to get more grounded in your actions regarding love and romance, Aries. You may need to take a more reserved approach in your actions in order to get where you need to go. At the same time, however, your freedom
 You might find it necessary to give yourself a bit of self
 When it comes to managing money today, Aries, you should go with your gut, whether it involves personal finances, job
 You might want to check your alarm clock to be sure it really woke you up this morning. Your tendency today will be to stay in the cocoon of your little dream world, deep in your own thoughts. Obsessive thoughts, in particular, will try and drown out some more pressing issues from the past that need resolution once and for all. Ring! It's time to wake up!
 Expect an added boost to your physical energy today, Aries. It's an excellent day to clean out closets and storage rooms. Some exercise like biking or walking will be most enjoyable. It may also prove to be well worth your while to sit down and look at your goals. Are you where you wanted to be at this stage of your life? Are there changes that need to be made? Exercise both your brain and body.
 Find some new ways to expand your horizons, Aries. The web has an infinite amount of information to explore, and your community and local colleges offer many courses from which to choose. Think about what you'd enjoy learning. Perhaps a new skill for your job or a crafts class that shows you how to make things. Whether self
 You may feel a real need to get moving today, Aries. Almost everyone prefers quiet activities, books, art, and even just sitting around to physical activity at times. But your health can suffer if you aren't active, Fresh air, exercise, and sunshine are vital to your well
 Today you may emphasize organizing things and managing your life, Aries. Take a look at your time management. It's possible to plan every day so you have enough time to do what you have to get done as well as do everything you'd like to do. Set priorities to keep things flowing well. There are many books and websites out there on this subject. Check them out.
 You may want to learn about something today, Aries. At work and home there's a set schedule of what you must tend to and when. On your own time, you're free to research anything your heart desires. Intellectual growth is something you enjoy, so why not spend time online or in the library finding out more about your favorite things? Whether cooking or genealogy, you will find something new.
 You may need to deal with someone's disapproval today, Aries. This will likely come from someone you see as either a superior or authority figure, perhaps a parent. While it's important to listen to this person, if what they say involves your job, personal life, or how you choose to live, it's no one's concern but yours. No matter how you do things, someone will disapprove somewhere.
 Happy memories of a beloved grandparent may float to the surface today, Aries, and you may wonder why. Something or someone you've encountered in the past few days may have reminded you of this person. It's nice and it isn't an accident. What personality trait of yours does your grandparent call to mind? A psycho
 A complex creative project could require some in
 Today's a good day to ground your fluctuating emotions, Aries. Step back from the drama you create and evaluate your inner state. Are you fooling yourself into thinking everything's OK when it really isn't? Be honest with your highest truths and ground yourself back in reality. Write down your thoughts.
 Happy events involving your mother or another close female relative might have you feeling emotional, Aries. It could involve a marriage or birth. Your own projects, particularly those done with other people, could be going well in spite of having to overcome some difficulties. The results could move you to tears, and you may feel the need to control yourself. Don't be afraid to show how you feel.
 Nervous tension could cause a temporary malaise that keeps your energy low today. Tasks and chores need to be done, Aries, so you will probably drag yourself up and try to finish them in spite of the way you feel. Try not to get overworked, and try not to take your weariness out on others. It's better to let work go than make yourself and everyone else more stressed out.
 Someone, perhaps a person involved with a group you're in, may ask you to help in some way today. You probably don't want to do it, Aries, possibly because you have plans. Don't be afraid to say no. Your creative energy should be high and your imagination working overtime, but other responsibilities interfere with your doing anything about it now. Note your ideas and come back to them later.
 If you haven't been feeling like yourself lately, Aries, a surge of inner power could push you over the top and make you feel strong and healthy again. You could decide to complete all your unfinished tasks today. You could get most of them done by day's end. Don't forget to take time out to enjoy yourself. You want to make the most of your newfound strength.
 Your connection with others is especially strong today, Aries. You will enjoy an important nurturing role. Reconnect with your mother and let her know how you're feeling. Curl up with loved ones tonight and surprise someone with a romantic gesture. Try something unconventional. Your feelings may be strong and erratic. You may be feel like pulling back into your protective shell. If so, do it.
 You're likely to be in a good space right now, Aries. If you're single, you're in no hurry to change that. If you're involved, you and your partner should be getting along very well. However, you might experience a little doubt when a current or potential partner becomes uncommunicative. Your friend probably has money worries. Let him or her know you're there to listen, then back off.
 Stick with what comes naturally, Aries. If something feels difficult or abrasive, this is a sign that your energy is better used elsewhere. But don't turn away until you're sure that what you're facing is actually a combative force instead of your own skewed sense of reality. You could be overly sensitive about a given situation and thereby making up scenarios that don't even exist.
 You may feel a bit lonely today, Aries, even if there are people all around you. It may seem like everyone's on a different plane. Maybe you think you have nothing in common with others 
 Creative projects that you may have been working on for a while could prove especially ego boosting, Aries. You're doing a great job. A change of employment and increase in income may be in the works. If you don't feel passionate about what you're doing, expect the chance to become involved in an enterprise that you do feel strongly about. New ideas and opportunities could change your life.
 To friends and colleagues, you may seem to have suddenly acquired acute business sense. Your experience has joined with knowledge acquired from others to enable you to formulate practical ideas for advancement. You may have lost faith in your goals, but now they seem more attainable. What you've wanted for a while could be within your grasp. You could make some real progress.
 You're entering a positive period of calm and vitality, Aries. There's a harmonic atmosphere. You feel very close to the people you love, and they will show you just how much they care about you. Don't try and understand the unexpected nature of the wonderful vibe around you. Just live life to the fullest today. Good things don't always last forever
 When you were younger, your humanity and generosity seemed limitless. You felt very involved in the world and what was going wrong with it. Today you may remember these great dreams. It may be time to make some of those dreams come true. It would be especially beneficial to you if you could somehow connect this to the work you do for a living. It's never too late to make a dream come true.
 This is an intense phase of interior modification, both physically and psychologically. Don't hesitate to padlock your refrigerator and avoid your favorite stores, Aries. You need to exert a bit more self
 Your physical energy is likely to be very high today, and you might want to spend most of your time out and about, probably in the company of others. You may attend a concert this evening or some other kind of entertainment that you really enjoy. There might be a slight delay in getting there, Aries, but don't panic. You should arrive eventually.
 You should feel especially sociable today, Aries. You might attend one or more events, or perhaps you will choose another type of group activity. Relationships of all kinds should prove satisfying and comforting. Expect to grow closer to the friends you have and meet new friends with whom you share many interests. You continue to meet professional, creative, and financial goals in a big way.
 No matter what friends tell you, Aries, this isn't the day to make an investment of any kind, from buying a house to starting a savings account. And this isn't a good day to invest online. The planetary energies don't favor computers or other forms of modern technology used in such transactions, so wait a day or two. Discussions about possibilities are OK. Just don't do it yet.
 Your writing, speaking, and communicating skills are enhanced today, Aries. Therefore, you can expect to impress a lot of people around you who will change their opinion about you. People will express their sympathy openly, and you will feel integrated and accepted throughout the day. Tonight, find a bookstore that's sponsoring a lecture and go.
 Learning comes easily to you, Aries, as your mind is especially sharp and retentive. Your intuition is usually high, but today it's especially acute, as is your concentration. Therefore, this is a great day to read or work on an art project. Set aside some time alone to contemplate. It may help you on a very deep level.
 Some letters and calls that you may have agreed to do for a group you're affiliated with might have to be taken care of today, Aries. Don't be surprised if you spend a lot of your time on the phone. It might take a little persistence, as some of the people you need to reach may not be in. But you're likely to get everything done. Your determination is strong.
 Expect to be frantic if you have to take care of something that's time critical today, Aries. People and situations aren't in your favor. Everything will seem like a challenge. Prioritize tasks and do them slowly and cautiously one at a time. If you push too hard, you will make mistakes and wear yourself out. The world won't end if you don't finish all your tasks.
 A burst of physical energy might have you spending hours working out today, Aries. You might decide to try a new and ambitious exercise program. Take care not to push yourself past your limits. A heightened sense of adventure combines with a powerful desire to be fit, and it might drive you to exhaustion if you aren't careful. You have to learn to crawl before you learn to walk.
 The company of good friends, perhaps at a group activity or festival of some kind, contributes to a powerful feeling of good health, good fortune, and happiness, Aries. You will probably want to spend a lot of time outdoors today. Sports might appeal to you. There will be a few minor accidents 
 Today you could experience a strong desire to clear your psyche of past traumas that limit you, Aries. You may decide to register for a seminar or workshop of some kind. If you sign up today, all signs are that you will not only attain the results you want but you will also meet some interesting new people. Among them could be a potential love partner. Go for it, and have fun.
 An upsetting dream about someone you love deeply could cause you to awaken suddenly in the night, Aries. You might have to ground yourself a little in reality before trying to go back to sleep. Stay calm. The dream isn't prophetic. It probably relates to your own fears about this person, or maybe even about yourself. Wait until morning and write down the dream. The meaning should clarify by then.
 Information received through dreams and visions could trigger sudden psychic revelations of solutions to problems you may have been mulling over for weeks. What you realize is likely to clear up any difficulties and pave the way for success. The emotional release could have you feeling like a heavy weight has been lifted off your shoulders. Obey your impulses, and get to it.
 Stress due to overwork might be causing your energy to flag somewhat today, Aries. You might even feel a little under the weather. This is a great day to stay home and recover. Stay out of stressful situations and do things on your own, preferably routine tasks that you can do without thinking. In the evening, order a pizza and watch TV. Don't make more work for yourself by cooking.
 The day will be fairly eventful, Aries. There's some likelihood that you will feel suddenly compelled to settle a tedious matter once and for all. It may concern something in your domestic life that's been left unattended. You won't rest until it's finished, and you won't be distracted, no matter how you're cajoled to join the others. This problem is the only thing that will matter today.
 Is a bit of redecorating in order? This is a perfect time to spruce up your home. Rather than rush into a project that you might later regret, Aries, it's better to spend the day with color and fabric swatches. Once you're happy with a scheme, then you can pick up a paintbrush. Think hard before making a decision.
 Finances are highlighted for you today, Aries. This isn't necessarily a good or bad thing 
 A woman you meet at work might point you in a new direction, Aries. You should investigate all possible options. This could be a new intellectual interest, a technological skill, or possibly a new and more lucrative source of income. It may involve an unusual field, but don't worry about that. The world is changing, so what seems unorthodox now could be commonplace tomorrow.
 Your intuitive abilities are flying high, Aries. Normally you're sensitive, but today you might be picking up on the thoughts, feelings, needs, and desires of strangers who pass in the street. If you turn this ability to those around you, you're likely to be able to use it to increase your understanding of them, and thus bring you closer together. Don't let this opportunity pass you by.
 There may be a rather confusing element to the day, Aries. You feel tempted to act, but some of the pieces seem to be missing. It could be hard to make a decision, since you don't have the whole picture in front of you. You're better off spending this day outside with a group of friends rather than trying to make any major life decisions or commitments.
 Some changes regarding your career could make a difference in your resources. This could involve a pending raise or promotion or opportunities for freelance work outside the job. It might imply a new job, perhaps in a creative field. Whatever work you do is likely to seem more emotionally rewarding than it has been, Aries. This should boost your spirits considerably.
 Today you might see old and new friendships and romantic involvements reach a new understanding, Aries. This creates a stronger commitment between you and those who care for you. This is a great day to execute paperwork, particularly legal contracts. Your business sense is operating at a very high level. You're more apt to spot clauses that need work, so go for it today.
 A copious amount of physical and mental energy could focus on psychic, metaphysical, or spiritual activities today, Aries. You're feeling especially intuitive. You could almost read minds. One possible channel for all this energy is service to others, perhaps counseling or maybe even healing of some kind. You might also want to write down your ideas on whatever subject interests you most.
 Intellect combines with intuition to produce a particularly enlightening day on all subjects, Aries, whether they're intellectual, practical, or metaphysical. Group activities dedicated to these could prove rewarding, especially if you go with a friend. You could meet new people you're certain you recognize, perhaps from a past life. You might want to explore this possibility.
 Information that you receive from far away could make doing business with a group you're affiliated with that much easier, Aries. All looks promising for group activities and advancing your education, so these are good focuses for today. Travel might also be on your mind. Friends could be inclined to consider the idea, so it might be fun to go out on the town with them tonight.
 Today you may spend some time by yourself working on your own projects, Aries. The desire to spend time alone with a special someone may also interfere with plans you've already made to attend a social gathering or event involving a lot of people. You won't want to give up either, so you might try to find a compromise of some kind. Think about it.
 Unexpected economic developments might make a sudden and positive difference in your situation, Aries. Perhaps your field becomes more competitive, and people with your skills are more in demand. Whatever it is, you can expect more money to come your way in the future. Legal papers could be involved, as could some interesting people you haven't met before. Your mind is likely to be buzzing.
 You may wonder if you're losing your memory today. You might have the strange feeling that there was something you had to do but can't quite remember what. Don't worry about it, Aries. If you push yourself too hard, you will drive yourself crazy. Your imagination could come up with ideas for stories and poems. Write them down. You will want to remember them.
 Doubts about a friend's motives could plague you today, Aries. This person seems to be acting strangely and isn't communicating. This probably has little if anything to do with you. This person has issues that he or she is having trouble with. There are others who are in a better space whose company you will enjoy at this time. Get together and enjoy the amiable atmosphere.
 You might not be able to accomplish what you'd hoped today, Aries. Some minor but irritating conflicts could occur within a group. You might find this exasperating, as petty squabbles interfere with reaching the group's objectives. You could be called on to use your intuition and sensitivity to spread oil on troubled waters. Be direct, fair, and clear, and try not to let your irritation show.
 All your relationships should be especially warm and supportive now, Aries. This is a great day to form a business, personal, or romantic partnership. Business partnerships made now should be successful, while committed romantic bonds entered into today could well last for a long time. Be open, honest, and unafraid to speak your mind. You might find that others share your thoughts.
 Have you taken someone for granted lately? Today you should give them the thanks and attention they deserve, Aries. Your sensitivity and psychic awareness are especially strong. You aren't in the mood to put up with superficialities. Stick with what is real and say it like it is. Tension in your daily life may surface, but if you have things under control, you will ride through it just fine.
 Close relationships could lead to a feeling of spiritual unity today. In fact, Aries, you might feel as if those who share your interests are actually your family now. If you're involved, expect to experience warm and passionate feelings toward your partner. If not, don't be surprised if someone new comes on the scene. Shared intellectual interests might be what bring you together.
 Today's energies will get progressively more intense as the day goes on. In the morning, you may be in an easygoing, dreamy state, Aries, but you will be itching to take action by nightfall. Take what you've learned from your sensitive, meditative state and share it with others. Use your inner calm to bring stability to stressful situations. Make sure things don't get out of hand tonight.
 You're going through a time in which you have the opportunity to make tremendous advances, Aries. These rewards won't come without hard work and discipline, however, and this seems to be a focus of the day. Get your emotions in line and make the best of what seems to be a pretty dreary situation. A fantastic opportunity is at hand.
 Your fantasy world is especially piqued today, Aries. Your need to escape physical reality is strong. Be careful about how you go about this. Dreams may take you there, but be rational so you aren't left more confused than before. Keep your energy pure and clean. Other people will recognize you for your tender, sensitive nature, so feel free to be confident with your words.
 You may feel a bit of a strain today as you try to figure out the best way to get to where you need to be, Aries. The happy, jovial approach tells you to let loose, be courageous, and strike out with conviction toward the things that mean the most to you. A sense of duty and restriction may be holding you back. Take the best of both worlds and come up with a unique plan of attack.
 There's a stronger connectedness to dreams and fantasies today, Aries, but you may need to adjust your thinking in order to link to it. Pick a path that includes a few steps on the sunny side of the street where you can see things in a positive light instead of focusing on the gloom in every situation. Communicate your thoughts and think about how you can promote peace in your inner circle.
 Issues having to do with love and romance are in your favor today, Aries. You're more in touch with your emotions. You will find that your attitude toward love is more grounded than usual. Feel free to let go of some control. Let fate take you where it will in this department. Also make sure that you don't worry so much about things. Worrying will cause doubt, something you don't need.
 It takes two to tango, Aries. Remember that life isn't a one
 You're usually good at bringing people together. Your greatest strength is giving identity to those people who seek it. In fact, you're so aware of the differences between people that you resist the changes that come about as people evolve. Today's planetary alignment confronts you with issues that concern your future. Your position will help you accept things and go forward.
 You may come in contact with someone today with whom you enjoy a highly emotional exchange. You may even fall in love! Be very attentive to your moods and everything going on inside you, Aries. They will be particularly strong, and they will help you understand what is changing in you. Just be careful to distinguish your feelings from those of your (future?) partner.
 What changes have there been in your life since this time last year? Think about the events that have taken place. What have you accomplished? What decisions have you made? And most importantly, how much you have grown as a person? Try to make changes by following your intuition. Even though it seems stressful and sometimes painful, change means growth!
 There's a call for you to focus on tangible items today, Aries. Your emotions may be a bit restricted, but you will find comfort in beautiful, luxurious surroundings. Don't be surprised if people are a bit more critical than usual. What they intend as helpful may come across as hurtful. Try to keep a positive spin on things or you may slip down a negative spiral of self
 Just when you thought that the whole world was turning on you, Aries, things start to come back around. You will find that you don't need to hide. In fact, the more you let your true spirit emerge, the more allies you will gain. Your secret ambition to rule your world is becoming a much more attainable goal than you might have thought at first.
 Forget about work for a change and focus instead on your love life! This is one area that can really use some attention. There's no sense waiting for your partner to do it. It's up to you. Why not book a romantic weekend? It will do wonders for your relationship and add spark just by anticipating the fun you will have. Your commitment should mean more than your independence.
 This dreamy day is tailor made to your sensibilities. You may find it hard to focus on the daily issues when you're caught up in your fantasies. Go ahead and give in to the day's dreamlike state. Write in your journal or spend some time rummaging around in the attic. You'll be amazed at what you find. Expect to spend hours looking through scrapbooks and reliving your childhood.
 Today is an excellent day for you, Aries. You will be a welcome addition to any crowd. Your delightful nature is at its most active. You have the unique capability to be aggressive about getting what you want without disturbing the flow of the energy around you. People respect and honor your sensitive, nurturing qualities. This will win the game for you.
 Today is excellent for you, Aries. You will find that things flow naturally in the very way you've visualized. You might even find that things actually go much better than you had envisioned! Go about your endeavors confidently. The whole world isn't out to get you. In fact, people are probably too concerned with themselves to even bother with what you're doing.
 You may feel a bit tied down today. It won't necessarily be a bad day, but you may wonder about certain aspects of your family life. Don't try and kid yourself. You should think hard about what you want for your family for the next few years and how you intend to go about getting it.
 You may be inclined to stay in bed today with the latest best seller, Aries. Who wouldn't want to spend the day this way? Alas, that isn't going to happen. The planets are practically pulling the covers off you and pushing you out of bed. There's work to be done! And more importantly, there are people you need to see right now. Put a bookmark in the book. It can wait.
 One thing is for sure, Aries, you'd rather be in bed with a good book than out in the stressful world. But you may be feeling like you're missing out on some of the good things in life. How much time do you spend with other people? Why not try to find someone who shares your taste for good books and bed? Think about it!
 Be conscious of your own needs, Aries, and feel free to be a little selfish. Give yourself the credit you deserve, and don't let other people bully you into feeling like you aren't worthy of the attention you receive. You have a great number of gifts to offer the world, and you shouldn't be afraid to show them off. Lighten up and be proud. Other people are lucky to know you.
 Bring your emotions down to Earth today, Aries. Your imagination may run away with you. If you don't take a hard look at reality, you may find yourself in big trouble later. The higher you soar, the harder you fall. Make sure you have a working parachute. Be realistic about your current situation and act with confidence. Make sure you have the facts before you set goals and plans.
 Lie low during the day and try not to get caught up in the frivolous verbiage that dominates the waking hours. After sundown, feel free to speak your mind. You may notice that there is a sober tone and restrictive sensation today that leaves you feeling like you will never be able to break free from your current situation. Don't get caught in this negative mindset.
 It may be hard to deal with the opposing energies today, Aries. Conflicting viewpoints and twisted perspectives clash within your world. Your emotions may pin you to one side of the issue, while a powerful force pulls you to believe in a more revolutionary approach. Try to maintain a balance in all situations, especially those that involve the sensitive emotions of others.
 The key today is action, Aries. There's a great deal of force pressuring you to get the ball rolling. One of these forces may come from a romantic interest waiting for you to make the next move. You may have many projects on the table and be unsure where to focus your energy. Don't feel like you need to concentrate on any one thing. They key is to maintain balance among all.
 Be careful of the information that comes your way today, Aries. People may make unwarranted claims and false accusations. The day has a dreamy, innovative quality to it that asks you to venture out on a limb. If all your chores are taken care of, feel free to go exploring 
 Let your sensual, nurturing instincts shine through, Aries. Rely on your sixth sense. If things start to get rough, remember that you have the ability to keep your cool. Not only is this an extremely important tool but it's also essential to maintaining any sort of stability in the situation. Keep your footing at all times. Your sanity depends on it.
 Arguments over money might come up, Aries. This might not involve your own funds but money belonging to a group with which you're involved. Try to be logical. This isn't a good day to set your sights on new goals or make definite plans. Wait a day or two. If you start today, your project could be fraught with delays, interruptions, or disagreements.
 The desire to beautify your home could hit you full force today, Aries. Perhaps you're expecting visitors or house guests and want to make a good impression. You could prowl through antique stores looking for knickknacks. You might set your sights on doing something a bit more ambitious than you originally planned. Enjoy yourself, but be careful. You don't want to tire yourself out.
 Money matters look uncertain and a bit deceptive, Aries. This isn't a good day to enter into any kind of investment program, negotiate salaries or commissions, or change banks. Your dreams may be a bit disturbing, but this likely reflects fears from the past rather than dangers in the future. Write them down, however. You may learn a lot about yourself by studying the symbols.
 If you're involved in an occupation similar to that of your mother or father, Aries, today you may question if the choice was yours or preordained. Did you take this career path of your own volition? If not, what is it that you should really be doing with your professional life? You feel rebellious and yearn for more independence. You might want to find more freedom within the confines of your existing career.
 You're going to think this is a strange period. It isn't, Aries. It's just that today won't be like others. Look around and you will see that people are either depressed or trying to keep up a good façade. It's as if lots people 
 Communication is a key part of the day, Aries. You will find that a great deal of information is available to you when you ask for it. You can pull from many different resources, so don't be afraid to tap the different wells available to you. Emotionally, this may not be the best day for you, but you can overcome this as long as you keep a lighthearted, optimistic approach.
 Make sure you get your daily dose of laughter and try to come out of your shell a bit more, Aries. This is an important time for you to let go of your inhibitions and open up to the world. You may find that there's a sober tone to your emotions, but you can overcome this easily as long as you keep your chin up. There's no reason for you to be gloomy.
 Walk to the beat of your own drum, Aries. If you try to latch on to the glib, fast
 You may find that you're taking a much more daring approach when it comes to love and romance now, Aries. If you aren't, than maybe you should. You will never know the possibilities until you at least give it a try. You may find that there's something spurring you on today. Use that impulse to initiate a new path toward the object of your desire.
 An electrifying attraction to someone you may have just met could cause your mind to dwell on sex and romance today, Aries. If you can, set up a romantic evening with a love partner. If this isn't possible, go to an emotional play or movie that moves you to tears. Movies may be of particular interest to you today, since you might be reading about how they're made.
 Finally, you're on the mend, Aries. The minor ailments that have been dragging you down lately are beginning to disappear, and you're about to regain all of your physical energy. However, if you overindulge, your energy levels are likely to plummet again. If nothing else, you will have learned a valuable lesson about the importance of moderation, especially now. Don't overdo it!
 Have sympathy for those who need to vent today, Aries. Don't be surprised if people line up outside your door for a chance to bend your ear for an hour or two. Your mind is sharp. You will be able to see to the core of any issue brought before you. More than likely, you will understand things intuitively. People will do well to take your advice on any issue they have.
 There may be a bit of aggravation in a part of your life that's urging you to get up and do something, Aries. It could be that you're getting overly emotional about a certain issue, and that you need to consider more of the cold, hard facts of what's really going on. You could be missing something obvious simply because you're so caught up in your emotional drama.
 Your passions have been stirring like a caged animal for the past several days, Aries. Now is the time to let them out. Some of what you express may elicit surprise or disapproval, but that's no reason to stay silent. If you don't express yourself, illness may result. Your goal should be to be true to your inner self. Ultimately, that's the only way to be happy and healthy.
 This is a confusing period for all of us, Aries. But no doubt you've noticed this. In such circumstances, some people become more rigid than ever because they resist dramatic change. They try to hold on to tradition. Your Aries sensitivity makes you very receptive to the past, but current conditions should inspire you to let go of some of your convictions.
 Guard your heart today, Aries, for it's a prime target of the abrasive words flying around. Your sensitive nature feels alone and vulnerable in this harsh atmosphere, so you might be better off just staying in bed. If you decide to go out, make sure to bring your arsenal. Use your sensitivity to your advantage. Scope out your weaknesses so you're able to use your energy most efficiently.
 Group functions and social events might not prove as satisfying as usual today, Aries. You may not be in the mood. You might feel pressured to mingle when you'd rather sit on the couch. Whatever conversations you get into will seem trivial and boring. This is a good day to sit back and listen. You might learn from the people around you without having to say a word.
 It could be that close friends or family members are in sharp disagreement regarding a certain issue, Aries. Try not to be too distressed by divisions among the people you love. Some may want you to take sides and express yourself fully on the situation. You may feel as if you're damned if you do and damned if you don't. Try your best to compromise.
 Are you feeling scattered, Aries? It's possible that you're wondering about a million different things today. Are you strong enough to assume your family duties? Are you attractive? Are you important? Of course, all these questions simply distract you from your anxiety. Don't worry. The next few weeks will be less stressful.
 The possibility to advance your career through increasing your technological skills may present itself today. This could open doors for you in a lot of directions, paving the way for increased income. A number of new contacts could come into your life, bringing friendship and opportunities. This is the day to work on building your skills and possibly return to school.
 Today, Aries, you're in the mood for commitment! Take time to connect with the social world as you seek like
 Stop asking if you're gifted, Aries. This definitely isn't the time for such questions. Now is the time to work on something concrete. You will need the help of others if you're to succeed, so get to work convincing them to ally with you. You may have to reveal more of yourself than you normally do in order to sway people to your side. It's time to get out of your hole and take action!
 This is the type of day you enjoy. The climate is positive and the energy is flowing. It's as though you have a magic wand. You give it a wave and 
 You may have a hard time relating to people in social situations, Aries. Perhaps you're frustrated at hearing the same shallow conversations over and over. While you mingle with dozens of different people, all you can think about is how nice it would be if you could be home in front of the TV. Your best plan is to avoid situations that you know you won't enjoy. There's no sense in torturing yourself.
 Take it slow and easy today, Aries. With the energy from the day's aspects, rushing around isn't likely to get you too far. In fact, you're more apt to make mistakes or leave a bunch of things unfinished. Make your to
 Today's energy may highlight your popularity, Aries. The transits boost your enthusiasm and energy for doing things. People will feel drawn to you. You might even find that others look up to you. This kind of popularity can make you feel special and lucky. On the flip side, it can make you think you're better than you are. Don't get carried away. Use this influence for good.
 Inspiration in various contexts could fill your mind today, Aries. Opportunities to advance your artistic or spiritual interests could come your way, perhaps through advice given by a new acquaintance. You could also be in the right place at the right time to get a lucky break. You're likely to feel especially romantic and sexy. You might want to celebrate your good fortune by getting together with your partner.
 Your career and financial goals should be within your grasp, Aries. Both your physical energy and inner power are operating at their peak, making this an ideal day to make clear plans. Also, if you've been working to improve your health, you might see some definite results. If not, this is a great day to start a new health and exercise regimen. Go to it!
 Have you ever thought of yourself as a CEO or any other kind of leader, Aries? Today is a great day to begin a project involving other people 
 Come out of your shell and be proud of your sensitive side, Aries. Although you may feel vulnerable when it comes to love and romance, this doesn't mean that you have to hide it. You may think that everyone else has it together in this department, but don't be fooled. They're just as insecure as you are! Go ahead and let this side of your personality shine. Admitting your vulnerability is wonderfully attractive.
 Aries, you're someone who needs to have a lot of time to yourself. You often dream of curling up in bed with a good book or going for a bike ride. This is just your natural rhythm. Don't try and ignore it, because doing so could only mean problems for you. Give in from time to time. If you don't, at least use today to think about how you could.
 Is there someone persecuting you, Aries? Is there a situation that feels unbearably oppressive? Today you won't have any trouble identifying the source of your problems. And the great news is that is the first step toward obtaining release from them. But you can't expect it to be easy. The day ahead may feel somewhat overwhelming.
 As a person who embodies affection and tenderness, Aries, you may feel especially resentful about today's mood. It will be difficult to charm a smile out of anyone or achieve any semblance of harmony. Moreover, the friction won't spare siblings 
 This isn't a day for sensitive people like you, Aries. In fact, the one who shouts the loudest and bangs on the table the hardest is likely to come out the winner today. The air of violence will also have an effect on you. You will be somewhat upset, very thin
 You could develop a stomachache if you try to sort out all the confused issues of the day, Aries. There are apt to be too many matters for you to handle alone, so don't even try. It's one of those situations in which you start to untangle one knot only to create another somewhere down the line. It's best to just let the ball of string lie where it is for now.
 Love and passion are at the forefront of your thoughts today, Aries. Work seems tedious compared to the rich fantasy inside your head! If possible, make a point of getting together tonight with your mate. He or she is likely feeling as amorous as you. You two have much to celebrate. The celestial atmosphere is conducive to the deepening of your relationship.
 You may have spent the past few weeks exploring new horizons, meeting new people, going out more frequently in the evening, or even making short trips away from home. But this is a moment to settle down. Today's celestial configuration is giving you the incentive you need to stabilize yourself. Expect some pleasurable moments in the comfort of your home, Aries.
 If you feel you've been looking to the past lately, Aries, it's in order to liberate yourself from it. You may feel like revisiting your childhood or rekindling certain relationships with old friends. But the planets are making you a bit too romantic, and the reality of things will disappoint you. Looking backward isn't the best way to move toward the future. Nostalgia isn't what it used to be!
 Too much running around might have you feeling exhausted and under the weather today, Aries. You may have been exercising a little too much. Therefore, this is a good day to avoid exercise and get some rest. Don't push yourself too hard! This isn't a good day to plan or start a vacation. Wait a few days, as trips planned at this time could be fraught with glitches.
 When it comes to romance, your body is apt to turn to jelly today. You may be so emotional that you can't function, Aries. That's love. And even though it can be heavenly, it can also be debilitating. You could deliberate for hours about an issue because you don't want to make a move without your partner's input. If you don't have a romantic partner now, find one soon, but not today.
 There might be some unexpected communication coming from a long
 Magical events may occur today in the most unlikely places, Aries. Perhaps you're expecting to see someone in a certain environment. Even if you don't see him or her there, you will end up meeting at a special event in an entirely different place. Let your goal be your main focus. Let the details of the journey fall into place however they will.
 Have you and a friend been discussing the possibility of going into business together? If so, Aries, the two of you might want to have some serious discussions now about the nature of the business, how it should be structured, and what the financial arrangements may be. You're both sharp enough to see both the promise and the downside of your enterprise. Get some paper and pens and go to it!
 Relatives or neighbors may come to you today asking for favors. Some may know exactly what buttons to push in order to get you to do what they want. Don't be sucked into guilt or other negative emotions. Help others if you wish, Aries, but recognize that you're doing it because you want to and not because you feel you have to. You might even learn something about yourself in the process.
 Social events and group activities are on the agenda today, Aries. You may be introduced to someone who could prove helpful to your career. A letter containing good news could come from a friend or partner. Any new moneymaking enterprise begun now is likely to succeed as long as you stay with it and continue to face it in a businesslike manner.
 Computer glitches or bank errors might send erroneous information to you about your finances. Perhaps the bank says you have less money than you do or a bill is higher than you thought it should be. If you can, make sure it gets settled today. You won't want to spend your day under this cloud. You will probably want to indulge in total frivolity. Go ahead, Aries, you deserve it!
 Today you might feel too overwrought to concentrate on whatever goals you're trying to reach, particularly if they're financial. Past issues might crop up at inopportune times but will still need to be released. If you aren't careful, this could get in the way of just about anything you need to do. Keeping cool is the most important thing to remember.
 Technology could pave the way for you to greatly increase your income, possibly through new skills or investments. This is likely to be a very positive development, setting the stage for future financial success. Some unusual, interesting dreams could come your way, bringing unexpected revelations about you and your past 
 Are you spending a lot of time working on something you've been trying to learn well? It could be more confusing than usual today, Aries. You might come across a new concept that doesn't quite make sense to you at first glance. Don't waste time puzzling over it. Think about something else. The meaning of it all should come to you out of the blue. Be patient.
 A minor and rather silly quarrel with a friend or romantic partner could have you down in the dumps. This is an overreaction, Aries. You might need to get away for a while before you can make sense of it all. Too many demands from others could have you feeling used, and you might be tempted to tell them off. Try to avoid others long enough to gain control of yourself.
 Tap into the boisterous, lighthearted mood of the day instead of getting bogged down with heavy emotions, Aries. This is a good time to engage your mind rather than let your heart take control. Be aware of the expansive nature of the day that allows you to think clearly without getting bothered by emotions. Take the cerebral route to figuring out what you need to do to smooth any bumps in the road.
 You may feel like the world is caving in on you in many ways today, Aries. It could be that you've recently dug your own little cave to crawl into and be safe from the outside world. Realize that the deeper you dig in unstable terrain, the more unsteady the walls. If you aren't careful, it's likely to come crashing down on top of you.
 You might experience a bit of an internal conflict today and be you're unsure how to proceed, Aries. One side feels an urge to fight, while another side 
 You might feel like you're getting worked up from all angles today, Aries. Find comfort in knowing that things will definitely improve by tomorrow. You might get the feeling that somehow you're all alone despite the circle of friends that surrounds and loves you. You may be called to action by a strong force. Try to stay abreast of information and developments around you so you can make the most informed decisions possible.
 Information you receive today may get you stirred up, Aries. Remember that it takes two to start an argument. You play an equal part in any disagreement. If you want to promote peace and harmony, your words and body language must show this. If peace and harmony aren't your ultimate goal, you may need to look inside yourself to explore the reasons why.
 Do your best to keep up today, Aries. Things might move quickly. You may be raising your hand and waiting politely for someone to call on you. This is one of those days in which other people will be so concerned about themselves that they probably won't notice you at all. If you want to take your turn, you should probably just stand up and be proactive.
 An intriguing new neighbor, perhaps someone you're attracted to, could move in near you, Aries. This might prove very exciting. You will probably strike up a conversation and enjoy talking with him or her. Whether you choose to pursue this attraction depends on both of your current situations, but at the very least, you will make a new friend.
 You're finally on the mend, Aries. The minor ailments that may have dragged you down lately are beginning to disappear. You're about to regain all of your physical energy. If you overindulge, your energy level is likely to plummet once again. If nothing else, you will have learned a valuable lesson about the importance of moderation, especially now. Don't overdo it!
 Your natural warmth is enhanced by a new sense of self
 A goal that you've been working on could finally be reached, Aries. A group of friends you might not have seen for a long time could schedule a get
 You generally tend to be sensitive and intuitive, Aries, but today you might be even more so. Reading about people from other places and times might cause you to tune into their thoughts and feelings and receive new insight into human nature. Creative projects, particularly writing, benefit from this. If you want to remember what you come up with, write it down.
 Worries about money that may have preoccupied you for the past day or so could prove unfounded, Aries. This should come as a real relief to you, although it may be difficult to grasp at first. Your mind is still getting in the way of accepting it. Go over your correspondence and bank records as many times as you want. The answer should be the same 
 Your mood should be quite good for the most part, Aries, but there's apt to be some tension in your relationships. Romantic endeavors aren't exactly in your favor now, so don't force an issue that seems too difficult to resolve. Find comfort in your internal warmth. By taking the time to nurture yourself, you will inevitably have more love to give to the people around you.
 You're likely to gravitate toward those who can put on a show and carry your imagination to a far
 Romantic relationships may not exactly be going as well as you'd like, Aries, but don't get discouraged. Hang in there and you will find that things eventually come around your way. You may need to strengthen your internal sense of confidence, since it's doubtful that you will get much support from interactions with the people around you.
 While you normally like all of your romantic relationships to be extremely nurturing and comforting, you may find that this isn't always possible, Aries. There's a disconnect between you and a close partner right now that could be hard to rectify. Time is really the only thing that's likely to resolve this sort of problem. Remember that all of your relationships can't always go exactly according to plan.
 Warm and sensitive by nature, Aries, today you could feel especially sensual. Sex and romance are likely to be on your mind. Romantic novels and movies may seem especially appealing now, as could cozy beds and warm baths. Plan a romantic evening with the special person in your life, perhaps a special candlelit dinner at home.
 You're apt to get the feeling that the grass is greener on the other side of the fence today, Aries. Try not to get too hung up on this. Either make the effort to go where the landscape looks richer and more fruitful or stay where you are. The key to true happiness is to make sure that regardless of where you end up, you enjoy the spot where you are.
 There's apt to be a comfortable feeling about today that should make you feel quite secure and nurtured, Aries. Perhaps you're feeling protected by a strong force, maybe an internal one, that's reminding you that as long as you stay within the lines, everything will be fine. There's a familiarity to things that will make it easy for you to navigate any rough waters.
 It could be that you feel a bit of pressure today to start or create something that you aren't quite ready for, Aries. There is hesitation on your part that indicates you should take it slowly and learn more of the facts before you jump into the fray. Position yourself in such a way that you take control of the situation rather than become a victim of it.
 If you own your home or have any kind of investments in real estate, Aries, you might hear some great news today about the value of that investment. It's likely to be increasing, and probably will continue in that direction. This could make a big difference in your life in some way right now. In fact, there might be a number of options opening to you. Consider them all carefully, and go for the gold.
 Life's been a real social whirl lately, Aries. You may feel a bit overwhelmed by all the people and parties. It's fun to see everyone, but a bit daunting to renew ties with old friends and try to remember the names of new ones. Names and faces mingle to the point where you aren't sure of your own name, much less anyone else's. Take a deep breath, Aries, you're doing just fine.
 It's possible that a big change is in store for you in the near future, Aries. It may be that you've come to realize that your current home and neighborhood are no longer a good fit. If you've been toying with the idea of moving, today you may get some news that motivates you to make your fantasy a reality. This is a good day to peruse the real estate listings. You might be pleasantly surprised by what you find.
 You and other members of your household might suddenly decide to do one more thorough house cleaning, Aries. Usually this would be a good idea, but today it doesn't really need it, and you might work too hard and do too much. Do you really need to clean your closets now? Dust and vacuum, then spruce it up with some decorations, and that should be enough for now. Relax!
 This could be a quiet day for you and your partner, Aries. You could spend some time reflecting on past achievements and future goals. It's important to get a clear picture about the past so you can draw conclusions and make workable plans. If you have a family, you'll probably be interested in activities that everyone will enjoy. Make some time to get together. Leave tension behind.
 Too much hard work and stress could be taking a physical toll on you today, Aries. But it isn't likely to stop you from working intently and energetically on a project that fascinates you. This enterprise could be personal or job related, but whatever it is, the turn it takes is apt to surprise you. It might not be anything like what you'd planned! Go to it!
 Your intuition is working overtime today, Aries, making you sensitive to others' deepest emotions. It may be that the celestial atmosphere has everyone feeling open and honest, eager to grow into his or her most authentic self. Certainly that's how you feel. Take some time out of your busy schedule to reflect on your regrets and successes. Be as true to yourself as possible.
 If you're currently romantically involved, Aries, your lover could well go from what appears to be utter lassitude to total passion. This could throw you for a loop, and you might not know exactly how to deal with it. If you're single, you could meet someone you find attractive but forget to get his or her contact information! Keep paper and pen handy. You don't want to miss anything!
 Today you could run into an old friend and suddenly see him or her in a different light. A romantic, sensual attraction you never believed possible could suddenly seem overwhelming. Try to gauge if this person feels the same way. If so, plan a date. Don't write this possibility off because you've labeled this person a "friend."
 This is a good time to forge new relationships, Aries. Be open
 You may feel a bit restless and unsettled without really knowing why, Aries. Stresses on the job could churn up repressed resentment from the past that you need to release. Try to discern exactly what these stresses remind you of. If you're unable to do this, however, you'll probably still reap the benefits of the release. Stay focused on your work and just let it happen.
 Have you been feeling less than your normal self, Aries? If so, today you may suddenly regain your strength and be raring to go. You might even be tempted to start a rigorous exercise program. Go ahead and start, but pace yourself and try not to make up for lost time all at once. You need to ease into these things. Maybe start with walking and yoga.
 Action is the word of the day. Whether you're initiating it or feeling the brunt of it, you'll be caught up in the vortex of it. Try not to lose your tempter today, Aries, and don't be surprised if people act rashly and insensitively. Perhaps this is their way of saying they need you and that your energy and input are important. Have confidence in your words.
 Professional difficulties could be resolved by outside assistance, Aries. Equipment may have gone haywire, or miscommunications could have led to snarls. Perhaps you need to call in a consultant. It's possible that you might come up with the right solution at the right time and earn some well
 Today you may be asked to speak to a gathering or lead a discussion group, Aries. You tend to be shy, but today you'll be all for it and enjoy being in the limelight, albeit temporarily. You'll certainly shine, and others may pay you sincere compliments. After the event, go to an intimate cafe with friends or love partner. Enjoy your day.
 A message or phone call from someone dear who lives far away could arrive today. You've been thinking about this person for a while, Aries, so don't be surprised if you hear from him or her. You're especially attuned to the thoughts and feelings of others right now. In fact, you may feel especially inspired to work on projects of your own, as ideas are likely to fill your head. Have fun!
 Your intuition is extra keen today, Aries, and your mental aim is on target. Other people may sink into the swamp, but you're the life raft they can cling to. Your amazing mental clarity will be invaluable throughout the day. You'll be able to communicate your feelings clearly, and you should find their receptivity to your thoughts much greater than usual.
 You may get the feeling that you're operating in an emotional crossfire today, Aries. On the one hand, you may have a "me first," selfish feeling that demands attention from others. You may also sense the need to work to serve others and bring like
 A lot of changes could be taking place in your life now, Aries. Even though most of them are positive, the upheaval can be unsettling right now. Don't give in to panic. Nothing needs to be done that you can't handle. Take each task one step at a time. As you vault each hurdle, the road ahead seems that much smoother. When you arrive, all will be well. Keep going!
 A close friend or loved one might drop out of sight today. You may panic when he or she doesn't return your phone calls. Don't jump to conclusions. They're preoccupied with matters that for the moment appear important and will contact you in time. When you do finally connect, you could hear some interesting news. Relax, go about your business, and look forward to the call.
 Some vivid and wonderful dreams might provide inspiration for future creative projects. You're feeling cheerful and optimistic now, and your enthusiasm is likely to continue. Success in career and relationships is indicated. Your increased intuition heightens your understanding of others. Don't be surprised if friends and colleagues line up for your support and guidance.
 Romance is in the air today, Aries. It's likely that your relationship with your loved ones will see a dramatic improvement. Perhaps some flowers will arrive unexpectedly or you'll be paid a sincere compliment. Harmony reigns in the work environment as well. Both people and machines run smoothly and efficiently.
