 If you're not already so inclined, Cancer, why not try expressing yourself through song? Even if you're convinced you have a tin ear, you might be surprised at what happens if you just let yourself go. Do you feel silly singing out loud? Then be silly. Ham it up and have some fun. Even if you're tone deaf, you'll have a great time, and that sort of feeling is infectious.
 Today may be a time of heightened reasoning and judgment for you, Cancer. What a great way to get things done! Pull out unfinished projects and get going. Tackle issues or problems that have surfaced recently by facing them directly. Make the most of this day's energy by thinking about ways to do things more efficiently. Be confident that you can handle anything.
 Difficulty reaching others could plague you today, Cancer. emails might not go through or you could be stuck in endless telephone tag. You may want to stop trying, but don't give up. Keep at it! Find something else to do while you're waiting. You'll make contact eventually. What you have to discuss with these friends could prove gratifying on more than one level.
 Mind your physical health today, Cancer. Don't push yourself if you're feeling tired and run down. Seriously consider taking a day off from everything to get the rest your body needs. This can prevent more serious ailments by bolstering your strength and immune system. If you can't take a day off, consider what you'll do when you're forced to take a week because of illness.
 Be disciplined. Maintain your boundaries in order to keep from getting swept into other people's soap operas, Cancer. It may be fun to escape your problems by jumping into someone else's life, but soon you'll find the extra weight is not only taxing but also won't solve your problems. You may need to say no to others, but that's fine. It's vital that you consider your needs.
 Kindheartedness is wonderful, but being taken advantage of can be a danger. You really need to trust your instincts to keep this from happening. If what you hear doesn't match what you feel, trust your feeling. In the event that you get used, move past it. It would be a shame if resentment permanently dampened your giving nature.
 You may feel insecure about your appearance today, Cancer. This can be a vicious cycle, and the end result is almost always negative. Rather than picking yourself to pieces, find ways to accept your looks. Whether it's your weight, age, or anything else, if you can't accept yourself as you are, you'll always find something wrong no matter how many changes you make.
 Things should be running smoothly for you, Cancer, and you'll accomplish a lot with surprisingly little effort. Although there may not be any Earth
 This is a good time to get more serious about your art, Cancer. You were probably born with talent, but perhaps you don't treat it with as much respect as someone endowed with only a fraction of your natural ability. Look at your tools realistically and know that you have the power to accomplish a great deal when you put your creative nature into high gear.
 If you've been expecting a settlement of some kind, today it might finally come or show signs of coming soon, Cancer. This is a great day to invest in a home, land, or property. It's especially necessary to read the fine print before signing anything. Your mind might be a little foggy. Anything you have to do could require a little more concentration than usual.
 Overall, this should be a pleasant day, Cancer, and you'll be properly recognized for the person you are. You may feel like royalty, so feel free to dress in your most regal attire. Take an independent viewpoint when asked about running your castle. Be creative, honorable, and permissive in your rule.
 Some pressing matters might have you worried that you may have to postpone a much
 The strange behavior of a romantic interest may have you confused, Cancer. Is your partner avoiding you? Do phone calls go unanswered? Forget it. Sometimes people see too much intimacy as a threat to their independence and choose to ignore it. The best way to deal with this is to not press any sensitive issues. Just go out for dinner and act like a friend. Keep romance out of the equation for now!
 Information received from far away could excite your passion to learn more about a subject, Cancer. You might be inspired to use your new knowledge in a project that includes a partner. Your mind is extremely insightful at this time, so if you face decisions, this is the day to follow your heart. Don't be surprised if you find your telepathic abilities expanded as well!
 A friend could propose that you participate in a new project together. This may be something you've never done before, Cancer, and you're likely to have doubts. If you have any interest at all, don't let your doubts get in your way. Whatever your friend offers may involve the investment of a lot of time, but all signs say that in the end it will be worth it.
 Today you could find that you've left something at home, perhaps a book or letter that you need. There's no way around it, Cancer, you'll have to go back. This could make you late. Stay calm! This is a temporary irritation that will pass. Making yourself crazy over it will only stress you out. At lunch, treat yourself to a glass of wine or a soothing cup of tea.
 Your love partner may be experiencing some minor conflicts with colleagues today, Cancer, and may seem distant and preoccupied. The problem could well pass by tomorrow, but your friend isn't likely to listen to any reassurance. Just make it clear that you're there if needed and then do something else. Your beloved may have to come to terms with this alone.
 If you're single, you might meet someone new and exciting today. You might feel this is the perfect partner for you. Be cautious! This wonderful new person may have money problems or be jealous and possessive. Move ahead if it feels right, but move ahead with caution and don't be swept off your feet until you're certain that this person is OK.
 Things should go quite well in the department of love today, Cancer. Pursue creative projects in social environments. The more time you spend with others, the more fulfilled you'll be by sundown. You're fueled by others' energy. Spend time with the people you love and you'll feel a solid sense of self
 Trying to talk your way out of tasks and obligations probably isn't the best way to win friends today, Cancer. In fact, this is a time to get yourself in gear and take responsibility for your actions. The time you spend trying to weasel your way out of something is better spent just doing the thing that you need to do. Be understanding and receptive of other people's objectives.
 This could be the luckiest day of the month, Cancer. But astrology also takes your role into account. In other words, luck is something you have to work for. If you seem to have an incredible streak of luck today, it's probably because you did something earlier to make it happen!
 This may be an intense day, Cancer, especially if you follow your instincts and say what needs to be said to loved ones. There may be some unresolved issues at home. Do you and your siblings need to address them? If so, today is the day. You can expect some emotional reactions. This will be draining at first but ultimately therapeutic.
 Do you wonder whether other people are attracted to you, Cancer? If you'd like to reassure yourself, you could work on your outward appearance today. You may have an inclination to change something, but you don't have to overdo it. The energy of the day is about adding one special touch that makes all the difference when combined with your natural charm.
 Something or someone may urge you to make a major move, Cancer. Be sure you make it in the right direction. Remember that strength lies in numbers. To conquer, people must unite. Factions of people continuing to fight among themselves only aggravate the problem. The key is to accept one another's differences and work together on the larger issues that affect us all.
 Keeping things balanced today will prove challenging, Cancer. Take this seriously because it's probably needed more than ever. You might be the arbiter in situations where a battle exists between old and new. Take advantage of opportunities. Make sure you're in on the deal. Use your communicative powers to help bridge the gap.
 Don't poke your nose into other people's business today, Cancer. Give others their space and let them work things out for themselves. Don't feel like you have to gain the attention of everyone. Do what you need to do and your rewards will come in due time. Your actions might be thrown off course by the unexpected. Be on the lookout for something wild and bizarre that could be coming your way.
 Ideas are intriguing today, Cancer. You might feel like a kid in a candy store seeing new treats for the first time. New concepts are pulling you in, and you love every minute of it. Run with it. Your mind is exploring new realms, and you shouldn't try to hold it back. Collect the data now and sort through it later. This is a time for adventure.
 You could feel blocked, Cancer, like you're in a trap. Perhaps your friends are influencing you into believing one thing, while your family has you trained to believe another. You wear different masks in different situations so you may have forgotten the real person underneath. Things are in conflict, and you may be forced to make important decisions. The truth is the only way to escape the trap.
 Be a little selfish, Cancer. Be honest and straightforward with what you want. There's no need to beat around the bush simply because you want to spare someone's feelings. You will do everyone a favor by laying it out clearly. Refrain from playing mind games just to see how much you can twist people into knots. Such actions will later come back to haunt you.
 You may find yourself running in a million different directions, Cancer. This is a good day to do errands. You can juggle many things at once, so continue with confidence. Make sure that you do each task thoroughly instead of skimming over them. Others are likely to notice your work. Do work that makes you proud.
 Keeping things in balance may be more trouble than it's worth, Cancer, so don't force the issue. Sometimes it's necessary for our personal growth to let the pendulum swing all the way to one side. The more you can let go and accept that everything isn't going to always be peaceful and harmonious, the better able you will be to deal with the sudden emotional turmoil that is bound to arise.
 This is a great day to go to thrift stores, Cancer. Your eye for beauty is keen and your radar for good deals is sharp. Lady Luck is with you and you may score some terrific buys. Concentrate on beautiful objects for your home that adorn your life. One person's trash is another's treasure. See how creative you can be with making old items into treasures.
 Your dreamy nature is going to be sparked today and you may take an idealistic view of the world, Cancer. Even though the current situation isn't exactly how you view it, that doesn't mean you can't change the situation to make it more the way you want. Be courageous when it comes to your goals. Let your fantasies run wild and work to turn them into realities.
 Mind your manners today, Cancer. Make sure your charm is turned up high. Merging with the group is essential as you keep the momentum of the energy going. The more the merrier. Once you get the ball rolling in the right direction, there will be plenty of momentum to help it up the next hill. The important thing is that you take responsibility for your actions.
 Cancer, you may feel like you're running in several directions at once. You're so scattered that you don't feel like you're accomplishing anything important. That's just the nature of the day. You have many loose ends to tie up. It's hard to concentrate on the big picture when you're out of groceries. Do whatever maintenance needs doing so you can move on to bigger things.
 As you work to keep things in balance today, Cancer, remember that one of the key things is to have fun. Happiness is an extremely important element of the cosmic equation, especially on a day like this. The more upbeat you can be regarding a certain situation, the easier it will be to tackle it. A smile can get you through just about any door you wish to enter.
 It's easy to imagine a friend coming to your house to have a cup of coffee and ending up transmitting all of their energy to you. Let's hope this doesn't happen too late in the evening, Cancer, because you will then have trouble going to sleep! This energy is going to give your projects a great boost. You're going to go on a crusade! Choose carefully.
 Physically, Cancer, you should feel strong and energetic and ready to take on just about anything that comes your way today. This is good, as some powerful challenges may come up that bring new purpose to your life. Enthusiasm permeates your being right now. You're likely to face with determination anything that comes your way, undeterred by the enormity of the task.
 Emotionally speaking, things might get tense for you today as others demonstrate a rather selfish attitude, Cancer. Remember that selfishness isn't always considered negative. Sometimes it's healthy and necessary to take on a self
 Set aside some time today explicitly for you, Cancer. Unexpected events are likely to pop up and cause a stir in your emotions. Giving yourself personal space to digest and deal with these events will help keep you from suppressing your reaction to them. Make sure you have your internal maelstrom of thoughts settled before you get tangled up in others' affairs.
 Jump on board the fast train and see how far it takes you, Cancer. You'll be surprised at how far you can go with minimal effort. Your grace and polite social mannerisms will help you navigate quickly to where you need to be. You have the wind at your back today. Make the most of this energy by aiming for the top and not resting until you get there.
 You're a social creature, Cancer, and today you can expect to attract a lot of attention. You're feeling good and looking even better 
 You have an incredibly strong influence on others today, Cancer, just because yours is a fun
 Try not to smother others, Cancer. You may want to seek comfort in their company, but this will only produce grouchiness in all parties involved. Curb your tendency to find fault with the ones you love. Your best bet is to focus on tasks you have on the back burner. Tackle projects that need special attention and discipline.
 You have the missing piece that people need in every situation today, Cancer. Engage in light conversation in social situations, and turn your charm up high. You have the ability to make favorable impressions on just about everyone, so set the day off on the right foot. Get out of bed earlier than usual and get your blood pumping with a brisk walk around the neighborhood.
 Today is a terrific day, Cancer, and you can get a lot accomplished using your quick mind and sharp wit. Information is flying quickly. Grab what resonates with you and discard the rest. The more informed you are, the better equipped you will be to handle the decisions of the day. Get all the facts before you proceed.
 Let yourself go into creative mode today, Cancer. Drift into a whole other world. Escape your present reality and explore your fantasies through artistic endeavors. Dream as big as your mind will allow. There's no limit to the things that can be realized on a day like this. Push your limits and test your boundaries. You may be able to soar much higher than you think.
 If there's an issue with your partner that needs airing, this is a good time to do it, Cancer. Don't hold back just to maintain the equilibrium in the relationship. Don't sacrifice your peace of mind just to keep from rocking the boat. Refusing to face reality just to keep up an easy facade isn't doing anyone a bit of good. Be totally honest with yourself, your feelings, and other people.
 Maintaining equilibrium may not be the easiest task today, but if anyone can do it, you can, Cancer. Strong opinions from others could crop up to challenge you. You have a great deal of ammunition in your arsenal. You can learn quite a bit by accepting this challenge and engaging in a heated debate. Have faith in yourself.
 There's no excuse for laziness today, Cancer. Get out of bed before noon. The more active you are, the happier you will be. Come out of your cave and express your thoughts to others. Get out in the open air and listen to what the wind has to say. Be active and flexible. There's nothing heavy about people's emotions today, so keep things light and active.
 It will be a challenge to keep your emotions on an even keel today, Cancer. Conflict may be brewing and you might fear it could get out of hand. Everything will work out. Don't add to the pressure. The best solution is to escape into reverie and come back to Earth when the storm has passed. Don't try to untangle the knots if they won't give.
 You may need some time alone today to bring yourself back to center, Cancer. Independence is the key idea to keep in your back pocket. Make sure you're not becoming a victim to a commitment you made long ago. As the landscape changes, you must also change. Stubborn actions will be detrimental on a day like this. Be honest and grateful for the things you have.
 Today is a day of contrasts, Cancer. Eat chocolate in the morning and go jogging in the afternoon. Sleep in late and go to bed early. It's also a day of grounding. Spend time at home and make more calls than you normally would. Clean your desk and organize a bookshelf. Why not clean out the refrigerator? Take care of your pets.
 All your relationships may be enhanced by an increased sensitivity to the needs and feelings of others, Cancer. You may provide melancholy friends with a sympathetic ear, or you may give assistance in resolving problems. Rest assured that your efforts won't go unappreciated. You will probably grow closer to those who mean the most to you now, including the very special person in your life.
 Get your chores done early, Cancer, so you have time to play tonight. Plan a romantic getaway with a loved one. Let your imagination carry you to a whole new realm of pleasure. This is a great day to explore your artistic nature and begin to manifest some of the ideas that have been rattling around in your head for a while.
 Although you're normally a sociable person who feels most comfortable in the company of others, Cancer, today you may prefer to be alone. You could feel a little under the weather, or you could be stressed from job
 Some kind of settlement, grant, or bonus that you've anticipated for a long time may finally show up, Cancer. This should make your day! You may want to celebrate. A chance to attend a large social gathering might come your way. Have fun! Tonight don't be surprised if vivid dreams 
 Hard work, enthusiasm, and dedication are now paying off financially, Cancer. New opportunities are opening up to profitably make use of your artistic side. The downside is that you might be working so hard that you're too drained to be creative even though the inspiration is there. Take a moment to rework your schedule to accomplish the most in the least amount of time. You can do it.
 A friend may seem in a dark and gloomy mood and unwilling to talk about it. Don't force the issue. This probably has more to do with your friend's circumstances than with you, Cancer. It's best if you continue to pursue your cherished goals. Not only could you advance your interests but you might also inspire your friend and bring him or her out of the dumps. Go for the gold.
 A new romance or friendship could develop with someone who's very creative and shares your spiritual values. This is a very positive development, Cancer. Just avoid idealizing your new friend. This person is human like everyone else, and needs to be loved as is. Don't create an unrealistic impression of the person. If you acknowledge and accept this, a rewarding new relationship could result.
 Possible ideas for artistic projects could come to you, Cancer, though some of them may be vague and not yet ready to manifest. You may seek to express your spiritual side through artistic activity, but might not quite have a handle on how to do it. Don't force it. Find something else to do and let it sit for a while. You might be surprised by the final results.
 You may have been saving up for something you really wanted, Cancer, when an unexpected expense compels you to spend some of your savings. This could cause some gloom. Make sure you've exhausted all of your other options before digging into your nest egg. Appearances could be deceiving. There could be other resources at your disposal that you didn't immediately think of.
 You're in tune with the atmosphere around you today because of your tolerance, humanity, and the respect you have for everyone, no matter what their position in society or intellectual capacity. Generosity is coming alive inside you, Cancer. The one thing you want to do is understand the people close to you. Support them and show them that they can count on you.
 This is an excellent day for you, Cancer. The farther you extend your emotions, the more prosperous you will be. Don't be afraid of new things. More than likely, the new things entering your life now will make the most sense later. Trust that your heart knows the direction to take. Be generous with your time and energy.
 Whatever you visualize today will likely materialize in the near future, Cancer. People are clamoring to make themselves heard, so jump in with your opinion. Keeping things balanced in your world means getting your needs met as well. Don't sacrifice your well
 It may seem like close loved ones are trying to pick a fight with you today, Cancer. There may tend to be a "me first" attitude stirring up a pot of trouble. Don't automatically assume that the other person is wrong. There's a valuable lesson to be learned in every conflict. Take each disagreement as an opportunity to learn something about yourself.
 Open up and reveal more of your sensitive side, Cancer. The more willing you are to share with others, the more they will feel comfortable sharing things with you. Your head and heart are in agreement, so use this to your advantage. Ground your mind and use it to take a rational approach to your feelings. The truth of the situation will become clear.
 You have quite the juggling act on your hands today, Cancer. Things may fly at you from all directions, all demanding your attention. Give equal weight to your needs. You will be on an important road with a great deal of responsibility. Don't shy away from a starring role. You have the diplomacy and peaceful nature required to be a successful leader.
 Your philanthropic side is fading. You're used to thinking about others before thinking about yourself, but today, things are about to change. Indeed, you fascinate those around you. You've found a new freedom. It seems that you're liberated from your old self and totally fulfilled.
 You're a real master of seduction, Cancer. For quite some time, you've been able to draw a number of people to you. It seems that no one can resist your charms. But today you will start thinking about this process of seduction. Even if you appreciate luxury, you should be careful and stay vigilant.
 Today you could learn a lot from other people who are similar to you, Cancer. They have the ability to get involved easily and go straight to the heart of any problem. The world is in constant flux. You have to question yourself if you want to attain your objectives. Try to be open
 Your expansive, outwardly directed plans are moving at full force, but once in a while self
 Other people may be stroking your fur in the wrong direction, Cancer. There's a great deal of fiery energy in the air today that's promoting a "me first" attitude. It may come in direct conflict with your peaceful, diplomatic nature. Also, people may be a bit more sensitive than usual. It will be harder to stomach the slights or insults that result. You have your work cut out for you.
 Despite all your rage, you're still just a rat in a cage. Get out of your box, Cancer. Influences from other people may cause some serious transformation in your mindset. Let your belief systems loose to morph into other frames of mind. Consider new ways of living. Do things to get out of the social confines of how you should live your life.
 Things will flow smoothly for you, Cancer. There's barely a reason for you to lift a finger. You have the good fortune of enjoying this day with very little effort on your part. Keep in mind that if you decide to get something done, you will be extremely successful and able to accomplish quite a bit. You're in sync with today's energy.
 Your artistic nature is especially heightened today, Cancer. Your heart and brain are working together to create something great. Use your creative abilities to make a bold statement. Have a good time. There may be a tendency toward laziness. If sitting on the couch is all you want to do, that's fine. Realize that there's a great deal of potential energy available to you if you choose to harness it.
 Be more sensitive to other people's space today, Cancer. Respect their feelings and give them room to breathe. This is a great day to pursue creative projects. Do things involving art or music. Sing, play an instrument, or give your music collection a boost. There are opportunities open now that involve other people who share the same interests as you.
 You may have a hard time figuring out why everyone is so worked up today. Don't waste your time, Cancer. You're better off accepting that things simply are the way they are and allowing other people to have their drama. Your job is to maintain balance. This may be easier said than done. You're working with some pretty intense issues, but nothing you can't handle.
 Play the lottery today, Cancer. The concept for you is profit with no effort. The windfall will come when you least expect it. The less you try to shape things, the more they will generally flow in your favor. Enjoy the day and don't sweat the details. Things will work themselves out. People may be quite emotionally charged, but don't let their behavior throw you off balance.
 Today isn't the best day to play practical jokes, Cancer, so put away the disappearing ink. Stick close to home. Find security in doing things you know how to do best. Hang a painting and cook a scrumptious dinner. You can inspire others with your smile, so use it. Don't get down if your thoughts aren't flowing well with the group. This is a sign that you should spend some time alone.
 Break away from all mental constraints today, Cancer. The only thing holding you back could be your own mind. Don't fear failure. The cards are in your favor. Move forward with the attitude that you're going to succeed, and you will. Your emotions are strong and active. Things are resonating well for you, so speak your mind openly.
 Focus on the simple pleasures today, Cancer. Don't feel like you have to go to distant lands or engage in expensive recreational activities to find happiness and peace. Realize that everything you need is inside. Delight in nature. Smile at the Sun, Moon, and stars. Realize that there is beauty all around and not just in expensive objects you can buy.
 Feel free to express your independent attitude today, Cancer. Break out of any restrictions that might be keeping you from doing what you want to do. Also, make sure you aren't compromising your own needs for those of others. Things should naturally flow your way, and you should be in a good mood for most of your waking hours. Smile at the people around you.
 This is a wonderful day. You feel emotionally strong, Cancer. You have all of your energy available for use. Don't miss this opportunity by feigning a headache and staying at home doing nothing. Instead of analyzing everything and criticizing everyone else's life, look at your own and see what choices you can make right now. Take the best course of action based on the resources you have at your fingertips.
 The past month has allowed you to affirm yourself, Cancer, and cement some aspects of your personality. You're now entering a period of consolidation. It's like you conceived a product, created it, and are now finally ready to put it on the market. The current period indicates that you will receive all of the rewards that your hard work has earned.
 Don't feel badly about things you have no control over, Cancer. Tonight it would be good for you to go out and have a nice time. Put aside your responsibilities and concentrate on fun. It might be difficult to jump
 This is a moment to start being creative and stop worrying that you don't have talent, Cancer. Who's to say what "talent" is? In the romance department, the love of your life might be right under your nose. Try lifting your eyes from the romance novels and look around. The perfect mate could be any number of people in your daily life. You just have to open your eyes.
 Emotionally, you should feel good today, Cancer, so don't let this confidence go to waste. Do things with your sweetheart and turn the dial up on romance. Your inner light is shining brightly, so know that you can use this to illuminate the path for others. Offer a sympathetic ear and comforting shoulder for someone to cry on tonight. People will be drawn to you like steel to a magnet.
 Overdue apologies can be made today, Cancer. It isn't easy to admit you're wrong, but the planetary aspects can boost your courage. Rather than stew with regret, meet with the person to make amends. Regardless of any discomfort, you will definitely find that you feel a lot better afterward. Even if the other person isn't receptive, you will be able to say what needs to be said.
 Your mind may be going in many different directions, with fantastic ideas about how things should be done, Cancer. The difficulty is communicating these ideas in a way that makes sense. Others may see you as a threat to their authority. Perhaps they feel your ideas would undermine their plans, so they reject them. Don't give up. Fight for your right to be heard and respected.
 Yes, Cancer, you haven't finished all the cleaning up that remains in many areas. You're going to have to get your papers in order, pay off old debts, face physical or moral obligations, and fix technical problems. That's a lot of work! Fortunately, once it's done, your emotional baggage will be considerably lighter, enabling you to go farther and faster.
 You may find that there is some opposition from other people today, Cancer, especially concerning emotions. You may feel threatened in some way. An aggressive attitude could be making you feel inferior or unworthy of certain attention. Wanting peace, justice, and harmony doesn't make you wimpy or inferior, as some people may suggest. These qualities are your strengths, not your weaknesses.
 There are powerful forces operating now, Cancer. Whether you realize it or not, you have tremendous control over the direction of these energies. Take control of the situation instead of letting someone else do it for you. You will find that other people are more malleable than usual, making them quite willing to move forward in whatever direction you point them.
 It's like you have to do everything at the same time right now, Cancer. What you really need is an extra pair of hands and some additional hours in the day! It's your nerves that may pay the price for this fast
 You may be pushed around by two very powerful camps today, Cancer. Since you're the kind, diplomatic, and sensitive type, you make the perfect target for the more abrasive and opinionated. You may want to side with the cold, hard facts presented to you, although there is a great deal of emotional power working to stir up the pot. Things may not be as clear as they seem at first glance.
 Cancer, you should feel physically strong and energetic today and ready to take on just about anything that comes your way. This is good, as you may be presented with some powerful challenges that bring new purpose to your life. Excitement and enthusiasm permeate your entire being right now. Anything that comes your way you're likely to face with determination, undeterred by the enormity of the task.
 Money matters might be weighing on the mind of a close friend or lover, Cancer, and he or she might seek your advice. A creative project may require a larger expenditure of money, time, or other resources than you originally thought. This could make you wonder if you will be able to continue with it. It might take some tweaking on your part, but you should be able to complete it as planned.
 The celestial configuration is speaking of a new period in which you focus on the way you differentiate yourself from others, Cancer. Are you aware of the aspects that make you unique? If not, meditate on the subject or ask close friends for input. The upcoming weeks are going to teach you a lot about this subject!
 A planetary configuration like today's often makes people afraid to start anything that challenges the status quo. This is true for you in your professional life. You should dare to take on more responsibility. The aspects speak of fear only, not of being incapable of succeeding. The saying about fear being the only thing to fear is something you should take to heart right now, Cancer.
 Cancer, the romantic side of your life may be rocked by a storm of emotion. You may go from intense rage to ecstasy in an instant. The day may instruct you to get hold of your emotions. If you hope to build a stable relationship, it's necessary to maintain psychological coherence and physical health.
 Disturbing dreams or unsettling moods could arise today, causing you to wonder if something is wrong or something bad is going to happen. Let it go, Cancer. If anything goes wrong, it isn't likely to be anything major. A recent event may have triggered old impressions that are causing these feelings. You could also be picking up on others' moods, as your intuition is high.
 The day is likely to be confrontational. The latest developments in your career have offered you so little encouragement that you're tempted to cut back on your efforts, but your financial situation is forcing you to try even harder. The flashes of insight you gain today are only likely to increase your discomfort, but in the end they will provide some valuable information.
 Today you may be impressed by the powers of concentration and self
 Today a number of chores around the home could have you feeling overwhelmed, Cancer. Family members might abandon you, leaving you disgruntled. Do the most pressing and leave the rest for when they're home! There might be a difference of opinion between you and your mate. Try to see both sides of the issue and circumvent any serious disagreements.
 You feel confident. People can't help but notice as you radiate a loving, peaceful calm, Cancer. Eyes will turn your way, and complete strangers may come up to you and tell you how attractive you are. Be confident yet humble and you will inspire people just by your peaceful, glowing presence. Take advantage of this wonderful day by enjoying yourself for the beautiful person you are.
 This is a great time to move forward on a writing project, Cancer. Any large, long
 You could be operating based on an assumption that's only a partial representation of the truth. In your effort to think about only the good side of the situation, Cancer, you may not see the entire truth. There's a downside to everything. Feelings of anger, frustration, and even loneliness may go along with it.
 A surge of romantic passion could move you to rendezvous with a lover no matter what obstacles bar your way. Take care to notice what your partner wants! Enterprises that you may have been pursuing with business colleagues could take a giant step forward, as both you and your partners are feeling especially strong and motivated. Move forward with caution, Cancer, but move forward.
 The desire to meet with a romantic partner and look and feel your best could give rise to a lot of short journeys in your area. Perhaps you will want to work out, buy some new clothes, or get a haircut. This might be a good idea. Passions promise to run high today. Stimulating conversations could bring fascinating information to light.
 Frustration could be the word for today. If you've made plans to meet a close friend or lover, Cancer, don't count on it happening. Unexpected events might force a postponement. Problems with schedules could have you playing phone tag. This also isn't a good day to work on creative or artistic projects. The results you want could prove elusive. Spend the day reading!
 Cancer, you don't have to be at everyone's beck and call all the time. This is exhausting, and you lose contact with yourself. You should try to take some time out today. Take a good look at your life to see where you're going. Go for a walk or take a long bubble bath. Things will be much clearer after a relaxing day of reflection.
 Everyone needs to be loved, Cancer, but it shouldn't be your only objective in life. It isn't the end of the world if your charms fall flat every once in a while. Today you may be tempted to be a little less charming and seductive with the people around you. Some may even say you aren't acting like your usual self. Ignore them. A little self
 Today is your day, Cancer! Do your best to make your mark on the people around you, especially those closest to your heart. You will outdo yourself, grabbing attention without even meaning to. You will be considered very attractive. Don't be surprised if your calendar fills up. This is your reward for all your work over the past few weeks.
 The astral configuration indicates that you may be interested in pursuing some kind of training, Cancer. Assess where you are in your professional life. Are you up to persuading people with your expertise? Don't think that you have to know more in order to be a good teacher. In fact, it's often by teaching that the teacher learns the subject.
 Until now, you may have been too stubborn about doing what you want without trying to address the question of your financial means, Cancer. Even if it seems too materialistic, It's urgent that you take care of this question. Push ahead and try to raise your standard of living, because you have something to learn in this domain.
 A friend may be throwing a party and you might be expected to attend. You've probably had a stressful day and really don't feel up to it. Your friend may try to induce you to come by making you feel guilty. Don't fall into that trap. Go only if you feel that the value of the occasion overrides your need to rest. Your friend will forgive you if you say no.
 A number of loving communications may come your way from people who live in distant states or exotic lands. You're feeling especially affectionate now, Cancer, particularly regarding those closest to you. It might not be a bad idea to get on the phone and talk to people you may not have seen in a long time. They will be glad to hear from you!
 You were born with a certain grace and beauty, Cancer. Today you will be able to cultivate your love for beautiful things. You may feel like trying on designer clothes or expressing your innate aesthetic sense by painting. Today your five senses will guide you with the help of your imagination and your artist's temperament.
 Today you might want to think about getting things straight with the people close to you. It's possible you haven't dealt with any problems you had in your relationships last month, Cancer. It's time to look at things again. You may have hidden certain things from yourself. You need to be much more honest about what you want in your personal life.
 Your energy may flag a bit today, Cancer. There's nothing to worry about, though you could take better care of your health. What happened to that exercise regimen you vowed to start? It's never too late to improve your eating habits and begin working out. Even if you only walk three times a week, you will notice a dramatic difference in your appearance and outlook.
 Sign up for a class or workshop today. Your career could greatly benefit from more training. A short computer course might be all you need to move your career a giant leap forward. Don't neglect your artistic abilities, Cancer. Ideally, you will find a way to integrate your creative talents into your daily business life. There's always room for creativity.
 Today you might work on your spiritual practice or studies, Cancer. You could read a book on the subject, attend a lecture, or practice some kind of discipline such as yoga or meditation. The only caveat is don't try to do too much at once. You could tire yourself out. Concentrate on one thing at a time. The information will still be there tomorrow!
 Today you will likely be in the mood to nest with loved ones, Cancer. Encourage children and partner to stay home with you. Make some popcorn and pull out the board games. You will be surprised at how much fun a quiet day at home can be. Tonight, order pizza and watch a movie. Get out the blanket and cuddle.
 Share your skills today, Cancer. You will find that as you engage in the role of teacher, you learn more than if you just hold onto your knowledge without sharing it. You will be challenged in ways you didn't even think possible. Perhaps you will be forced to do a little research when questions arise that you don't know how to answer.
 Airline travel is indicated in your immediate future, Cancer. It's likely you've been feeling serious wanderlust lately, as well as frustration with the same old routine. Be open to any interesting invitations that come your way today. If a friend invites you for a night out on the town, go despite any hesitation. You're bound to have a wonderful time, and you need the diversion.
 Keep your eyes and ears open today, Cancer. You may receive some important information on specific ways to increase your income. This is just one of the many wonderful things bound to happen to you. You're looking great and people are responding to your warm, pleasant manner. Bask in the glow of all the goodwill surrounding you. It won't last forever!
 Are you having problems with your phone, Cancer? Is traffic out of control? Perhaps it might be best to stay home today and put conversations with your friends on hold for a while. You might miss a call from someone far away, but the person will try to reach you later. Relax, make yourself some tea, and enjoy the silence. A little quiet time now and then is good for you.
 Creative energy may be high today, Cancer, but you may be unable to use it the way you'd like. Perhaps you don't have a project to work on or you have writer's block. Ideas may come, but you don't know what to do with them. The best course may be to write them down. The very process of writing could open doors for you. At least you will have your thoughts for another day.
 Are you an artist, writer, or musician, Cancer? If so, your work may take on a more symbolic or impressionistic tone. Today you're probably more interested in conveying feelings and impressions than details. It might surprise you that you're thinking along those lines. This urge may vanish tomorrow, so if you like today's work, make the most of it. Try to remember how and why you're doing it!
 Offer your services to others, Cancer. Your generosity in spreading your knowledge will be rewarded. Things might be rather confusing at first, but once you start talking, you will be surprised by how much you really know and how far your incredible wit, manners, and sociable attitude can take you. Try your best to reach out to others without seeming needy or demanding.
 A heightened sense of idealized romance could hit you today, Cancer. If you aren't currently involved, beware! That wonderful new person you've just met may have a well
 This is a good day to make your list and check it twice, Cancer. There is room for improvement in the way you organize your life. Your system at home, such as it is, isn't particularly efficient. Your bill paying is haphazard, and you may be surprised by how much you pay in late fees. Your in
 Take care that you don't spend beyond your means, Cancer. There's no doubt about it 
 Some rather shocking news could come to you from a friend who lives far away, Cancer. This probably won't affect you directly, as it most likely concerns the world economy, politics, or big business, but you still might worry about its long
 You're looking great today, Cancer! A current or potential love partner who lives nearby is likely to be all too aware of this. Your heightened sensuality should be very apparent! A long walk with your friend could involve conversation that brings you closer together. You might spend most of the evening together. Expect a lot of kissing and handholding 
 Today everyone will notice how attractive, articulate, and charming you are, Cancer. This is an excellent time to invite friends over or go out with them. Romance should go particularly well. In the course of your conversations, you might become aware of some fascinating and useful information that sparks you on to new interests and possibly new opportunities. Hold onto them and take the next steps.
 This is a moment to start being creative in your life and stop being afraid of not having any talent. Who's to say what talent is? And in the romance department, the love of your life might be right in front of you. Try lifting your eyes from the romance novels and look around, Cancer. The perfect mate could be any number of people in your daily life. You just have to let yourself see.
 This will be a day rich in reflection, Cancer. You're able to observe what is going around you while still retaining your distance. Other people's ambitions will seem amusing to you as they play their parts more like caricatures than real people. Stepping back like this does you good. You should do it more often.
 A sudden fascination with metaphysical or spiritual concepts could have you wanting to read as much as you can on the subject, Cancer. Your enthusiasm could lead you in a dozen different directions, which could eventually lead to mental overload. It might be a better idea to take one subject at a time than try to learn about them all at once. Stay focused!
 Do something that inspires the passion within you, Cancer. Don't be discouraged by setbacks 
 Stay at home tonight and cook a delicious meal for you and someone you love, Cancer. You will gravitate toward beauty, both tangible and intangible. In fact, it might be a good day to go shopping, as long as you can control the urge to overspend. Don't let your self
 Don't try to fit into a mold you simply don't belong in, Cancer. You may have gone through a major transformation lately in which you went from being a square peg to a round peg. Other people might still be trying to push you into the square hole. Don't let them. Let people know that it upsets you not to be treated the way you want to be treated.
 People could be exploding with rage all around, and you may wonder what the big deal is. If anyone is likely to have a level head through today's chaos, it's you, and this gives you a tremendous advantage in any situation. The beauty of it is that you should be able to use these situations to your advantage. You understand the different sides and you know how to make them work for you.
 Cancer, plans to attend a lecture may have to be postponed because someone who's going with you feels under the weather. Overindulgence in food or drink may be the reason. This could be something you've wanted to attend for a long time, so make sure you know when and where the event will take place again. Either that or ply your friend with antacids and go anyway!
 Staying indoors might not be the best thing today, Cancer. You might feel vague muscular aches and pains for which you can't find any reason. They could be the result of inactivity rather than any dysfunction. Get outside and go for a walk or jog in the park. This will get the endorphins going and wipe away the memory of how you felt earlier. Have fun!
 Even though you're slaving away at work, your mind is very much on romance. Passion is running high, especially yours, Cancer! If you already have a romantic partner, why not plan an intimate evening together? If you don't yet have someone special in your life, it's likely you will meet someone today or soon thereafter. Make sure you look your best at all times!
 You may be worried about your financial situation today, Cancer. You might feel a tug at your purse strings. If you've experienced a delay in receiving some funds you were expecting, this may add to your concern. You might want to tackle this directly by examining your situation. Check up on expected funds and make any necessary arrangements to alleviate this stress.
 Your inspiration and creativity are high today, Cancer. If you've been thinking about taking up painting or poetry, this would be an ideal day to get started. Make sure your perfectionism doesn't get in the way of your creative urges. You can be a critical editor. For now, don't worry about the end product. If you enjoy the creative process, the end result will reflect your joy.
 You're peerless when it comes to your ability to sway others to your point of view, Cancer. Today you may be put on the spot and asked to defend a position in front of many people. You will do just fine, surprising everyone but you. You handle a microphone with ease and work an audience until they're putty in your hands. You could sell anything!
 Your level of physical and mental energy is high today, Cancer. You may have been overindulging in food and drink lately, and so you could spend much of the day working out at the gym. Take a good book to read in the sauna, because you will also want the mental stimulation. At the end of the day you will feel good about yourself and ready to overindulge some more!
 Today is going to present not only a continuation but also an intensification of the strong energies that have been pushing you toward self
 There could be a meeting in your community regarding some extensive changes in the not too distant future, Cancer. The meeting could bring facts to your attention that you should be aware of. The changes are likely to be positive in the end, but now they could be disruptive for all. Listen carefully to what everyone says, think about it, and then determine your position.
 You should feel especially strong, motivated, and focused, Cancer. Your ability to establish yourself in the world is enhanced by increased self
 Taking care of chores around the house might bring some home matters to your attention that need to be taken care of, Cancer. Perhaps there are a few minor repairs to make, or maybe you need a new piece of equipment or furniture. You should be optimistic about the future and confident enough to get back into your daily routine without feeling any letdown.
 Make sure you keep up your end of the bargain today, Cancer. People are counting on you whether you realize it or not. You may get the idea that you can sneak out of responsibility if you lay low and not say a word. The fact of the matter is that people are watching you and they will know when you haven't upheld your promises to the group.
 People may have missed your company lately, Cancer. Make an appearance where you know it will be noticed and appreciated. Look for the good points in others instead of being so judgmental about the bad points. People aren't going to miss you at all if you talk about them behind their backs and only mention the unappealing parts of their personalities.
 In order to reach your destination, you may have to take an unusual route today, Cancer. Zigzag your way to the finish line. Don't automatically assume that this is a bad thing. You may find that this is the preferred path. You're likely to experience many side adventures and make some wonderful discoveries. Try to remember how you got there so you can find these spots again.
 Cancer, you're likely to be giving a lot of thought to your future. You're probably wondering how best to increase your financial standing. You may be thinking in terms of making some investments in land or property. If you've been considering buying a home, this is a good time to do it. Any paperwork involved now should be finalized swiftly and smoothly.
 Go deeper beneath the surface today, Cancer. You may get along just fine with the way you now handle things. Keep in mind, however, that you aren't likely to progress down your path until you turn up the intensity. If you don't, you may find that someone turns it up for you. Suddenly, volatile emotions could catch you by surprise and you will be floundering for support. Stay ahead of the game.
 You may be working on a large project that draws on your creative energy, Cancer. In terms of long
 If you've been thinking of buying a new home, Cancer, this is an excellent time to do it. Surprising developments might clear the way for you. Success through investments of any kind, particularly real estate, looms on the horizon. A young visitor may come to your home today, as well as an important letter or call. In the evening, visit an older friend or relative.
 Look for answers to your question today, Cancer. The good news is that the answers are now out there and easily accessible. Seek the truth and you will find it. Make sure you probe more deeply than you might think to do. Instead of just asking for the answer, seek to find the full mechanics behind the problem. In this way, you're much more likely to find ultimate success.
 Finding balance in your world will be no sweat once you get into the groove, Cancer. Waking up is likely to be the most difficult part of the day, but once you conquer that incredible feat, you should be fine. Try taking a cold shower instead of a warm one this morning. This will serve to open up your mind and get your blood pumping when you need it most.
 You might be extremely busy now. Invitations to large parties, small gatherings with close friends, and intimate evenings with romantic partners might come up today. Be discriminating in those you accept, Cancer. Concentrate on seeing people who share your interests. This may bring new friends your way, as well as opportunities to expand your horizons. Romance looks great now.
 Don't let the positive energy of the day pass you by, Cancer. You're able to grab hold and make greater use of it than most, so don't hesitate to get going early and keep on going until late. Stop contemplating the issues and take action. Take the best aspects of each side of the issue instead of feeling like you're restricted to one side or the other.
 Feel free to upset the equilibrium in order to have your needs met, especially in the bedroom, Cancer. In an effort to maintain the peace and keep everything on an even keel, you've neglected your desires for the sake of pleasing someone else. Making compromises for others can be noble, but it may never get you exactly what you want. This is a time to be more aggressive in your pursuit of love.
 Dig out the paints and get your creative energy flowing, Cancer. Keep in mind that you might not have the discipline or commitment to finish any project you start today, but you most certainly won't lack creative energy. Merge your mental and emotional processes and have them work together on a blank canvas. Bring beauty to the world by letting yourself shine for others to see.
 Your mind is likely to be on your finances today, Cancer, and you may be searching for previously unknown ways to advance yourself. Colleagues or friends could help steer you in the right direction. When it comes to jotting down possibilities, trust your intuition, as it's operating at a very high level. List your possibilities and then let it stew for a few days before going over them again.
 Recent successes have you feeling especially pressured to continue on your path, Cancer. You may have to make some choices regarding your activities outside of career and family. You may have a lot of interests that all mean a lot to you, which makes it difficult to make choices. Don't try to consider it today. Your mind is a bit befuddled. Wait a few days and then consider your options.
 You may run into a great deal of opposition from just about every quarter, Cancer. The most frustrating part about this is that even the people you turn to for help will transform the situation into an even bigger mess. Instead of finding relief, you may find more complications and misunderstandings. Perhaps you need to take the situation into your own hands and deal with it yourself.
 Today may have some crazy emotional ups and downs, Cancer. There seems to be an intense cloud seeping into every part of your day. Don't try to fool people. They will see right through you. Bursts of positive energy will pop out of nowhere to remind you of your more important purpose. Try not to get so bogged down in the heaviness of the day that you fail to spot opportunities that arise.
 Inner transformation is likely to make a big difference in your communications right now, Cancer. Your relationships could improve because you're more open and honest without being too blunt. You seem to have a greater understanding of the needs and desires of those closest to you. Unfortunately, this process could also involve leaving some old friends behind. Don't fight it.
 Unexpected contact with a lover, relative, young person, or close friend could leave you feeling exhilarated and optimistic about the future. More frequent communication with this person will probably result, and it could mean a positive outcome in your life. You might write a lot of letters or make a lot of calls, perhaps tying up loose ends from the past. Face the future, Cancer. Change is coming.
 Pay attention today, Cancer. There may be some unethical behavior occurring at work, and it could trigger some long
 A trip to a museum or gallery could bring you some interesting insights, Cancer. Maybe you will ignore the realistic paintings and photographs that used to interest you and admire the abstract works instead. They definitely capture your interest, and by the end of the day you may consider taking an art class to learn more about them.
 Money matters might require your attention today, Cancer. Concerns involving the home are on your mind. You may need to work on the household accounts or balance the records of a home business. You may put in more time than necessary. Don't assume the worst! All should be basically well, so you probably could just balance the accounts and move on. You have other things to do, too!
 Some great news could come today, Cancer, perhaps from a love partner. It might concern your relationship or it might involve some sort of good fortune coming to either you or your beloved. This bit of luck could free both of you in some way to further advance the relationship somehow. Don't panic and don't overanalyze it. Follow your heart!
 Creative work could require more focus and concentration than usual today, Cancer. You might need to do some in
 Your attractiveness and sociability are at a peak today, Cancer. Don't hesitate to put both to good use. You will shine brightly at any social occasion, whether you're the host or guest. You radiate warmth and enthusiasm. You draw people to you like a magnet. You may have some important news to share, so don't be surprised if you can't move for all the people gathered around you.
 The desire to write your thoughts on a subject you've been either thinking about or possibly even researching could arise today, Cancer. If you've been thinking about trying your hand at a magazine article on this or any subject, this is the time to get started. Your mind is sharp and your self
 An unexpected release of tension could come today, Cancer. Something that has been restricting you and limiting your growth is going to disappear, and you will want to run through the streets shouting. From here on out, certain desires that have eluded you could start to manifest in your life. One of them could be a new romance. What else need be said?
 Welcome back to the land of the living, Cancer. You've been so preoccupied with your existential questions lately that you've missed the point about playing the hand that life has dealt you. Now you're more in tune and present in your daily life and more able to recognize and appreciate the joy that you can find moment to moment. It's an important discovery. Well done!
 Low biorhythms may have you feeling less than your usual self, Cancer. Your mind may not be quite as quick as it usually is, and you may go through the day in a bit of a fog, possibly reflecting on the past. This isn't quite as aimless as it sounds. You might want to jot down your memories and reflections. They could shed light on something that's going on with you now.
 A sudden but necessary expense could make a big hole in your budget today, Cancer. Perhaps some repairs need to be made around the house or to the car. Maybe someone needs an unexpected trip to the dentist. This could throw you off balance, but you can manage it by cutting some corners. So what if you have to eat pasta for a week or two? It could be worse! Just move ahead with whatever needs to be done.
 If you need to do errands, Cancer, don't drag others along with you. Complete your mission solo. You will find that you're more efficient if you don't have to carry the extra burden around. Not only will you get your chores done more quickly but you will also have time to think and process certain things without someone else's energy influencing your thinking.
 Your laziness isn't making it easy to get out of bed, Cancer. In fact, all you may want to do today is absolutely nothing. Unfortunately, this may not be possible. Whether it is or not, you can make the best of this feeling as long as you keep yourself in the right frame of mind. Find the element of fun in everything you do, including your work.
 You're a sociable person with a gift for small talk and interesting discussions. Today you will find some amazing information that will keep your conversations fascinating for months. It could involve a new discovery, possibly in a foreign land. A friend or relative you haven't seen for a while could reappear. This is a day full of surprises, Cancer, so be prepared for just about anything!
 Increased intuition, imagination, and spiritual insight could inspire you to either undertake a course of study or move ahead with related creative projects, Cancer. You might be very pleasantly surprised at what you learn or produce, and so be motivated to continue with whatever you're doing. This could be an inspiring and productive time for you. Make the most of it!
 The chance to take a trip by air with friends or members of a group could come your way today, Cancer. This might involve an exhibition of some kind, as well as a chance to advance your knowledge in some way. Both the dissemination and the gathering of information are definitely involved. If you can, make the arrangements today. Whatever the journey, it could make a big difference in your life.
 Things regarding love and romance may be a bit dicey for you, Cancer. You may find that you have to make a few adjustments in order to remain on the same page as your loved ones. Neither one of you may feel like taking the lead at this time, causing some hesitation in the relationship. While each of you is trying to second
 If there is an imbalance in your relationship with someone close, it's important to take a stand now, Cancer. Make sure you speak your mind with conviction. The stakes are higher when people's egos are involved, as they will be today. You're the air that fuels the fire, so be careful of which way you direct your energy.
 Social events and group activities could bring new interests your way that provide a rich field of knowledge for you to delve into, Cancer. Someone could recommend books on the subject. This could be very exciting, especially since a lot of new people who share this interest could come into your life. Be sure to keep track of names and phone numbers. You won't want to lose touch.
 Today rethink all the social values you take at face value. Like the rest of us, you learned them at an early age and accepted them unthinkingly. Established concepts of propriety are especially deserving of consideration. After hearing for years about all those things that "just aren't done," isn't it refreshing to think that maybe they should be done after all?
 If there's something you want to take on, Cancer, today's the day. The celestial aspects will see an increase in physical and mental strength that can work wonders for you. Put any insecurity or lack of confidence in the trash, and take the steps you need to tackle your project or goal. You have the ability to make sound judgments, so put your trust in this talent. Take steps to get what you want.
 Don't fear any changes that lie ahead, Cancer. Even if you think you don't adjust well, you have more adaptability than you realize. Without change, life would become stagnant. It wouldn't be long before you became dissatisfied and bored with the same old thing. Try to see change as an adventure and a gateway to greater happiness and fulfillment. Trust your versatility.
 If you're feeling tired, Cancer, you may need to lie back, close your eyes, and listen to some soothing music. You work hard most of the time, so it can do your body and mind good to just relax and listen to your favorite music. Why not do this today? Even a few minutes will make a difference. You can always use the quiet time to plan if you have to feel you've accomplished something.
 Cancer, personal dignity may be important to you today. This may come about when things go wrong or if you're accused of something you didn't do. You always have control over your dignity. Your daily actions affirm this. The key is to hold on tightly to who you are and what you believe in. Defend your dignity if it's challenged. It's one thing that no one can take from you no matter what.
 You're known to be kindhearted. However, being taken advantage of can happen as a result. It's important for you to trust your instincts to prevent this from happening. If what you hear doesn't match your feelings, trust your feelings. If you think you're being used, try to move past it. It would be a real shame if resentment permanently squelched your giving nature.
 You may feel insecure about your appearance today, Cancer. This can be a vicious cycle to get into. The result is almost always negative. Rather than pick yourself apart, consider finding ways to accept your looks. Whether it's your weight or age or anything else, if you can't accept yourself, you will always find something wrong no matter how many changes you make.
 If you're involved in the study of a particular subject, Cancer, today you might want to bury yourself in your books and learn as much as you can. This is good, because your concentration is especially good. Go to the library or a private room where you won't be distracted and hit the books. Find some new works on the subject if you can. You might discover some surprising information.
 Service to others might take up a large part of your day, Cancer, perhaps on an artistic level or maybe in the form of sharing psychic or healing energy. Don't think your efforts are unappreciated. Those you're helping may be reticent about saying anything, but your efforts aren't lost on them. Think of it like a bank. Your friends will be there for you when you need them.
 Someone or something may spur you on today, Cancer. You may feel a nagging impulse to get up and do something. Follow that instinct and stop moaning about staying in bed. The practical truth may be sobering, but as you know, balance is key. Bring equilibrium to the situation by taking a good, honest look at your emotional state. Realize what you need to do to keep it running smoothly.
 Today you might complete a project that was difficult but important to your career. Acknowledgement of your dedication and hard work could find you more emotionally overwhelmed than makes you comfortable. You may have to make a special effort to control your feelings. You've moved mountains to get where you are and it's nice to be recognized. In the evening, celebrate. You deserve it.
 Miscommunication with someone far away could lead to bruised egos, heightened emotions, and angry phone calls. Don't get sucked into a quarrel, Cancer. Try to sort out the problem. Changes in your neighborhood could cause trouble getting around, so be prepared for blocked streets and heavy traffic. Walk, if you can. It will clear your head and get you where you're going more quickly.
 You've been working hard to improve your financial situation, Cancer. You might be on the verge of attaining what you want, but temporary obstacles could get in your way. You could be in a bit of a panic, wondering if this means you will never get where you want to be. Don't worry. That isn't the case. You just need to assess the situation and figure out what to do to get over this hurdle.
 Information received from far away could compel you to learn more about the subject, Cancer. You might be inspired to use your new knowledge in a project that includes a partner. Your mind is insightful now. If you face decisions, this is definitely the day to follow your heart. Don't be surprised if you also find your telepathic abilities expanded.
 You will be in an especially affectionate and loving mood today, Cancer. Your romantic nature is heightened and your nurturing qualities are strong. You're extra sensitive and receptive. You might find that you have no problem communicating your truest feelings to others. Connect with those you feel especially close to, and enjoy an intimate evening.
 The desire to make a major purchase of some kind, perhaps a luxury item, might have you counting your pennies today, Cancer. Once they're all counted, you might doubt the wisdom of buying it now. This isn't the day to make a decision either way. Wait a few days and you should see things more clearly and have a better grasp of the situation.
 You may be a bit confused today, Cancer. More than likely, it will be hard for you to get an accurate read on your emotions. One of your automatic responses in situations like this is to turn to a close partner for advice. Unfortunately, this advice may throw you into even more of a tailspin. What you need more than anything is to spend quality time alone.
 It's hard to keep your balance when a big rock suddenly falls on one side of the scale, Cancer. Resolving the matter isn't as hard as you think, because this rock has been dropped there as a gift. Even though it might be shocking at first, there's an important message in this surprise. The tricky part is figuring out what it is.
 If you aren't currently romantically involved, Cancer, today you might suddenly see an old friend or neighbor in a new light. This can be thrilling, but it might not be a good idea to do anything about it just yet. You're feeling especially sensual today, and therefore any attraction you feel could pass by tomorrow. If you're presently involved, schedule a romantic evening with your partner.
 Career interests are advanced through clear, logical thinking and the sound application of good business sense. Financial interests look especially promising now, Cancer, so seize any opportunities for advancement that come your way. Working with others is likely to prove profitable, and could bring you closer to them, too. Roll up your sleeves and go to it. The results could surprise you.
 Luck is finally on your side, Cancer. And you deserve it, because you really worked hard to get these results in your life. In astrology, as in life, you can't succeed just by sheer luck. Success is often the result of a lot of energy you expend or something you may have changed on the inside. So continue to give off the positive energy that's responsible for your success.
 Unfortunately, Cancer, this may be a period of conflict and tension in your family life, especially where siblings are concerned. Don't you think it's time to deal with these problems once and for all? It would be nice to build a new relationship with them. It might be painful, but it's up to you to take the first step. Call a family meeting and put all your cards on the table.
 You may be courting your lover today, Cancer. Whether you're in a relationship or starting one, you're in the mood to seduce your partner with a touch of sophistication. It's time to add to your natural charm 
 Today you could put a lot of energy into mundane chores and tasks, as you won't want them hanging over your head and interfering with your evening plans. As a result, Cancer, you might feel very stressed and your temper could be a bit short. Try to control it and avoid taking your frustrations out on others. Remember, you will have to face these people again.
 If you've been investing, look for it to pay off big. Or you could execute a new contract, settle a claim, or even win something. Expect the unexpected where money is concerned. It might have you reeling. In the past few weeks you've been releasing a lot of negative energy and clearing the way for today's good fortune. Plan to have some wonderful dreams tonight as well.
 Some upsetting dreams might haunt you today, Cancer. They might evoke some uncomfortable emotional issues. You might be a bit edgy emotionally and more likely to overreact when other people quarrel or machines break down. It might be a good idea to analyze your dreams first thing in the morning so you can learn from and release them. That way you will be more balanced throughout your day.
 A message could come today from a business or romantic partner that brings some welcome news, Cancer. Action on an enterprise of some kind, perhaps involving writing or speaking, could put one or both of you in the limelight. Make the most of the opportunity. It could lead to future advancement and exposure, perhaps even more promising than this. You've worked hard and now you're reaping the rewards.
 Have you been working hard to attain optimal health, Cancer? If so, you may suddenly notice that your efforts are finally bearing fruit. You should feel especially fit and strong, though maybe a little lightheaded. You will want to increase your exercise, and you have the discipline to do so. Make the most of this drive while you can. Push yourself as hard as you can without stressing out.
 Your dreams might be especially intense now, and some could even be prophetic. You may have recently dreamed of an old friend you haven't seen for a while. Don't be surprised if you suddenly hear from this person, Cancer. You might also come up with some previously unknown ideas for advancing yourself professionally. Don't let the unorthodox source of these insights stop you from using them.
 Are you involved in a search through every store for a particular item, Cancer? You might be looking for a long time. The object you need won't be found at the local mall. Secondhand shops, obscure boutiques, antique stores outside town 
 Much of your day may be spent running around your neighborhood, Cancer, perhaps in the company of your partner. You may have a lot of errands to run, or perhaps you're just antsy and unwilling to spend the day indoors. Whichever it is, you may come into contact with some unusual people and events. Take a notebook and camera. You might want a record of it all.
 Money that has come your way unexpectedly might have you thinking in terms of expanding your personal interests and holdings, Cancer. You might consider trying some new investments, particularly property. There's no need to rush to make a decision, however. You have all the time in the world to consider different options 
 Romantic novels and movies could be more appealing than usual today, Cancer. You're in an especially intense mindset. If you're involved, your relationship could be near the point where it has to move ahead or end. Chances are it will move ahead. If you aren't attached, your loving nature will attract more than one potential partner into your aura. Be prepared, and expect the unexpected.
 Recent stress could leave you wanting to spend the day shopping for items that may be nice but aren't really necessary, Cancer. This is fine, since you may want to spruce up your surroundings. Take care you don't go overboard, and be careful not to take home something that you wouldn't normally go for. You don't want to have to return an unwanted object to the store.
 If you're currently involved, Cancer, expect to feel a rush of revived passion for your partner. If you aren't currently involved, the one great love of your life could finally appear. You may meet this person through work, creative activities, or spiritual studies. Your new friend could be from far away and work in an intellectually oriented profession. Expect to spend the next few days in a fog!
 Some disturbing news could come today, Cancer. This isn't likely to concern you directly. It's apt to be something about the world situation that might eventually reflect indirectly on you. It could be gossip about someone you know. Whatever it is, check it out before accepting it as fact. The information could be garbled. The situation is probably more positive than it seems.
 You're likely to spend time with someone who energizes and rejuvenates you today. With luck, this meeting won't occur too late in the evening, or else you will have a problem going to sleep, Cancer. This energy is going to give your projects a much
 You've never looked better, Cancer. As a result, people are drawn to you and you have an unusually large circle of friends. This is fun but time consuming, as everyone seems to want a piece of you. Try to keep your feet on the ground. Don't let your vision become clouded by all the flattery you receive.
 Family, home, and hEarth are on your mind today, Cancer. There may be a community event that you attend out of a sense of obligation but stay for the sheer fun of it. Sometimes you get so caught up in work and the daily hassles of life that you forget there's a whole world outside of work. It does your heart good to take in a wider view.
 Today you may stumble into an unexpected new friendship, Cancer. This could come as the result of a social event or an introduction by a close friend. You will discover new rapport the likes of which you haven't experienced in a long time. You could spend hours trading ideas. Make sure you exchange contact information. You will definitely want to stay in touch with this person.
 Money matters may need your attention today, Cancer, and you probably aren't in the right space to think along those lines. Your mind is on different things, probably on your projects. Nonetheless, if you don't at least make the attempt, you will worry about it all day. Give it your best and ask for help if you have to. Once that's taken care of, you will have the rest of the day to enjoy yourself.
 Things are flowing your way, Cancer, and you should find a great deal of pleasure in the company of others. There may be an element of fantasy about the day that causes you to lose track of time and space. Don't bother connecting to reality if you don't have to. Go to an art museum or attend a dance performance. See a movie and go out to your favorite restaurant.
 Group activities in your neighborhood could lead to positive changes in your community. You will enjoy exchanging ideas and information with others, Cancer, and could come away from these activities feeling exhilarated. It might be a good idea to walk home, or perhaps go for coffee or a movie afterward. If you let the ideas buzz until bedtime, you might not be able to sleep.
 Practical matters involving home and family might need some attention today. This isn't anything alarming, Cancer, just a few tasks that you may have put off, such as house cleaning or yard work. Get other members of your household to help. You have other responsibilities to see to. It isn't fair to have to do it all by yourself.
 If you've been thinking of taking a long trip by air, Cancer, this is the day to start planning it 
 Today you could feel like you have one foot in another world. It's a great feeling, Cancer, with a lot of love and wisdom mixed in. This could prove useful in relating to others. It increases your awareness not only of them but also of yourself. It could make a big difference in any creative projects. Don't let the day go by without making this feeling work for you in some way.
 Work you do today, whether related to your job or something you do on your own, could lead to a temporary boost in income, which is going to elevate your mood. This could involve a bonus, a project outside work, or your own enterprise. You should be feeling healthy and enthusiastic, Cancer, ready to tackle just about anything. Finances look stable, and relations with others congenial and supportive.
 Unfounded worries about money could plague you today, Cancer. Someone close may have given you some incorrect information, perhaps about your financial situation, but more likely regarding trends in the economy that could affect your finances. Don't waste time worrying. Check out the facts before driving yourself crazy. You will probably find that you've been misinformed.
 If you're currently romantically involved, expect your relationship to reach a new understanding and sense of unity, Cancer. If you aren't involved, you could meet someone special today, and it might be like love at first sight. An instant bond could form between you because of mutual intellectual interests. You might have a lot to talk about, as your own projects are going better than you'd hoped.
 Good news regarding writing, speaking, or publishing could come your way today. You might feel terribly bored with life and suddenly have the urge to get away for a while. This isn't a bad idea, Cancer. Make a few phone calls. Invite a friend over and discuss it with him or her. You've been working hard and a little break is probably in order.
 Doubts about business and financial matters might weigh on your mind now, Cancer, so much so that they invade your dreams. The dreams are only a reflection of your worries 
 An unexpected development might interfere with your plans to attend a social event, group activity, or get
 Emotions that run very deep should bring you a lot of satisfaction today, Cancer. Relationships of all kinds could also be especially promising. A romantic relationship may be consummated, revitalized, or moved to the next level of commitment. Close friendships might become closer because of your mutual interests. Happiness and satisfaction should reign in the home today.
 Spiritual concerns are a bigger issue for you today, Cancer. You may have found that you're drawn to a fanciful mindset and unorthodox way of viewing the world. Pursue this realm of thought and trust that your intuition knows exactly where to take you. Emotional tension may run high, so try not to get down on other people's "me first" attitude.
 Relations with family or other members of your household should be especially warm now. Mutual goals and shared wins and losses are likely to bring you closer. Communication with friends and other acquaintances should be open and honest without being blunt, Cancer, providing you with a rewarding day. You probably won't spend much of your day alone. Make the most of it.
 Things are moving your way, Cancer. As the day progresses, you will find that the energy intensifies. Conflicts may arise near sundown, but don't worry about it too much. See it as a call to jump
 There's a sober feeling to the day that may leave you feeling a bit down, Cancer. There may not be any specific instance or situation that causes you to feel this way, so don't sweat it. Focus on getting your projects done. This isn't the best day to look for sympathy from others. Crank up your stereo as loud as you can and indulge in a scrumptious meal.
 Today is a great day to let your artistic nature shine through, Cancer. Your sense of color and pattern is right on target and your words are more poetic than usual. Create a time and space for your creative inner nature to manifest on the physical plane. Let your fantasy world spill onto a piece of paper for others to see. You have tremendous gifts. Feel free to share them with the world.
 Two different sides may tug on you today, and neither one may really make a strong case for pulling you one way or the other, Cancer. Realize that adjustments may have to be made for you to fit in with the scheme of things and fulfill your duties and responsibilities. A close loved one may distract you in subtle ways, so try not to get sidetracked if you can help it.
 Let your true personality shine, Cancer, for this is your day to radiate. There's an element of fantasy and deception working in the equation, but you will find that this may be just the thing you're looking for. The missing piece may come from a place you least expect, but be confident that it will come. Be open to new ideas and information, regardless of how odd they seem.
 You may want to escape into your dreams today, Cancer. Trying to do something practical may be met with opposition, as the general mood of the day calls for things to be more ethereal and elusive. Connect with your sensitive side and feel free to spend time on artistic projects. You may have to take a more grounded approach when it comes to matters of love.
 There's an overwhelming intensity about the day that might make it difficult for you to maintain the peace, Cancer. Strong opinions and courageous emotions are clashing in a climactic fashion. You might find yourself in the middle of conflicting forces if you aren't careful. Make sure you take care of yourself and your needs before you try to patch up things for everybody else.
 You may surprise the people around you over the next few days, Cancer. You're a responsible person and others can count on you. But just like anybody else, you're sensitive to your desires. You should expect your desires to be so strong today that they may be irresistible. If this is a positive experience, you may need to do some planning in your personal life.
 Today you may be overcome by a current of humanist thought, Cancer. Your consciousness is traveling, and you probably couldn't care less about the details of the events going on around you. You're freethinking, which is inspired by your spirit of fairness. You may even be in a situation where you have to act as a kind of "enlightened" referee, which you will only be too happy to do!
 If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. This is your maxim for the day, Cancer. What have you done lately to improve the way you live your life? Would you consider taking off on some wild adventure without looking back? Today you may meet some people who will make you want to. They're adventurers looking for thrills and chills, with all the risks that come along with them.
 Don't expect a reaction from people today even if you tell the funniest jokes. Others are likely to be reserved and uptight. For the most part, the day's forecast calls for conservative skies and a slight chance of grumpiness. The best way to handle this is to engage in activities that require discipline, grounding, and efficiency. Finish your chores and plan fun things for evening.
 You may not want to wander far from your bedroom today. That's fine. Take this opportunity to get things done around the house that make you feel like your energy is an important part of the atmosphere. Hang new pictures, read inspiring articles, and laugh at magazine cartoons that inspire your humorous side. Be soft and gentle with your words and actions. Just take it easy!
 You've been more thoughtful lately and more true to yourself. This is due to your recent introspection. You really can change your life. All it takes is time and commitment. You've made great progress in your development. Continue on this path and you will wind up in a much better place. Keep your eye on the goal, but don't be so focused that you forget to enjoy the journey.
 This is bound to turn into a silly day if you let it, Cancer. Your best bet is to give in to the strange patterns at work. Communication seems blocked at every turn. You can expect technical difficulties like phone malfunctions or computer crashes. You and your mate will speak in two different languages. No one seems able to get a point across. Don't fight it. Just laugh. All will be normal again tomorrow.
 Your transmission may be stuck in reverse today, Cancer. This doesn't mean you can't be productive. You may need to change your approach. Carefully assess a situation before you proceed. Someone may be trying to cross you. Be smart about your rebuttal. Head
 Something is urging you to take action, Cancer. You may feel a restlessness in the air that makes you want to get up and go. The problem is the place you need to go may not be obvious at first. Tender emotions may get in the way of decisive action. Realize that your destination is inside your heart. We all go through moody periods. This could be one for you.
 Today you may ask yourself if you're satisfied. How is your personal life? Do people live up to your standards or are you always left feeling dissatisfied? It may be time to make some important decisions in your life. What do you really want out of life? You might find some of the answers today.
 Think of today as a well
 Cancer, you have a tendency to run away from confrontation, but today you might not be able to avoid it. Your partner or a family member may be putting pressure on you. It's possible you've already worked out a solution to this problem. Tell your partner what he or she wants to hear so you can do what you want later.
 Your emotions may be volatile right now, Cancer. There's passion behind your words. You have the power to instigate major changes in your life. If you're wise, you will consider multiple ways to make them. Find the part of you that needs a boost, the area that lacks passion. Jump
 There's a serious tone to the day, Cancer, so take this into account when you get the urge to play a practical joke on a friend. Keep things real. Stick close to home and take care of any menial tasks. Start a garden or buy some plants for your house. You have a disciplined nature that will help you get things done.
 Communicate your feelings early in the day, because by evening you might feel too restricted to want to socialize with anyone. Use this disciplined, sober tone to get a realistic perspective on the issues at hand. You'll have a stable, practical attitude for dealing with any situation. Take a slow, well
 Take the unconventional approach today, Cancer. You're able to gain a great deal and establish a whole new perspective just by opening your lens wider in order to include what you normally shrug off. Your emotions may be on edge, and the slightest thing may set you off on a rampage. Try your best to keep your cool. Emotional stability is the key to maintaining a healthy lifestyle.
 You should enjoy a good mood today, Cancer, and you will find that things will go well for you in general. Perhaps the only sticky situation that could arise is one that stems from an aggressive approach in the department of love and romance. This impatient urge or petty argument by one or both parties may result in an all
 A large weight should lift from your shoulders today, Cancer. The air has started to clear and the winds of communication have started blowing again. Listen closely to the buzz in the air. You can learn a lot by tuning into other people's fantasies. Make sure you keep an open mind and open heart. Discuss your latest achievements. You will have something important to learn.
 Hold on to your hat, Cancer, and be ready for some action. You're coming to a critical point in your emotional cycle when your heart feels heavy. You may feel pinned down by a huge weight, like you're being sucked into quicksand. Grab a branch and pull yourself out. Rise above the current situation with the help of a lofty perspective.
 An upsetting dream may disturb your sleep tonight, Cancer. Some disturbing information about finances could prove upsetting today. This might involve your personal funds, those of a friend, the funds of an organization you're involved with, or the world economy in general. Don't go crazy before you find out the true facts. The information is probably erroneous.
 You're feeling especially loving, attractive, and romantic, so romance is likely to be on your mind. Romantic novels and movies could seem especially appealing. If you're currently involved, you will probably receive a lot of attention from your mate. If not, expect to receive admiring glances from those around you, including strangers! You could meet a potential date, but take care to get to know this person before getting too excited.
 Today you might get the feeling that someone in your family is hiding something. The atmosphere might be strained and somewhat tense. Your natural inclination is to try to spread oil on troubled waters to return the situation to normal, Cancer, but this isn't likely to be the right course of action here. Let things ride. Whoever is hiding something isn't likely to reveal it.
 Today you can expect to have some disagreements with your partner or friend, Cancer. You may overreact. If you do, it's only because the climate of the last few days has made you feel more vulnerable than usual. It's your tendency when faced with tension to be the first to back down. Try not to do it this time. Sometimes self
 You're certainly in a strange mood today, Cancer. True, things have been going smoothly for the past few days, but be careful not to be fooled. Pride goes before a fall, as they say. Today you should be wary of your behavior toward your lover. Your partner's attitude may dismay you, but you're the one who has strayed from reality. Stay away from any trigger points that could explode into an argument.
 You will be in an excellent mood, Cancer, and find your positive attitude amplified as you come into contact with more and more people. The one thing to watch out for today is laziness. There may be a great deal of it going around, especially in your camp. Don't waste the good energy of the day sitting around and doing nothing 
 You may be reluctant to commit to anything major today, Cancer. Your natural tendency is to look askance at those who promise grand and wonderful things. You're smart to question such talk. Don't be surprised if someone's new idea garners all the acclaim. Don't buy into it without first hearing the facts. It isn't a good day for you to gamble, either.
 Jump on board the fast train and see how far it takes you, Cancer. You will be surprised how far you can go with minimal effort. Your grace and polite manners will help you navigate to where you need to be. You're your own ship and there is a large gust of wind filling your sails. Make the most of this energy by shooting for the top and not resting until you get there.
 You may find that others are hostile toward you today, Cancer. Try not to take it personally. Realize that there are other people and situations with which you can connect that will help bolster your ego instead of drag it down. Make deeper connections with your loved one tonight by indulging in some adventure fantasies. Shared experiences will be extremely rewarding at this time.
 Profligate spending over the past week or two may have you feeling less confident about your money situation today, Cancer. Perhaps you've lent some money to a friend and you doubt their ability to repay. Or maybe you fell for a sales pitch that you now regret. Correct the situation if you can. If you can't, simply learn from the experience and put it behind you.
 It would seem that your sensitivity is in slight conflict with your actions, Cancer. You continue to go through the motions and do what you planned to do, but it seems like your heart isn't in it anymore. Don't ask yourself why. It's just that you've worked hard and have been thinking hard lately. You have reached your limit and it's time for you to rest.
 For goodness' sake, make a decision today, Cancer. The more you flounder about which way to go, the likelier it is that you will miss the boat altogether. You have all the facts you need, so don't delay any longer. Once you make up your mind, be strong and throw all your weight behind it. Your mind can be like a computer filing away information as long as you stay alert.
 Your usual lazy attitude is apt to receive a burst of energy tonight, Cancer. It's in your nature not to want to lift a finger, but for some reason you may be compelled to get up and get moving. You will find that when you connect with others, you're more motivated to make things happen for yourself. When you get the attention you feel you deserve, your devotion is strong.
 There's likely to be some tumult in your emotional life right now, Cancer. You may feel a pressing need to have a heart
 Have you noticed how delays seem to occur more often, Cancer? Today will be no exception. Something you've been waiting for has been delayed yet again. It may be that the order form got lost or that there was some unforeseeable delay in sending it to you. Even with your mild
 Emotionally, things might get rather tense for you as others tend to demonstrate a selfish attitude, Cancer. Selfishness doesn't always have to be considered a negative. Sometimes it's healthy and necessary to take a more self
 Attendance at some kind of group event might seem especially appealing today. However, Cancer, worries about your family might distract you so that you don't benefit from it the way you should. You also might find some of the conversation boring. Despite your lack of enthusiasm, it might be a good idea to get out anyway. Staying home alone could make for a gloomy evening.
 In your attempts to always be the nice, helpful one, Cancer, you might find that you're compromising some of your values. Know that balance and harmony are wonderful things, but they aren't always worth the price of self
 The planets are moving you into a new cycle, Cancer. Soon you will be in a new "story." You will have to take stock of what you've learned in previous weeks. Who you are is related to the degree of peace you have in your life and whether or not you've been able to resolve some conflicts. Did you learn your lessons well? Without a doubt, you have a gift for calming tense situations.
 Friends or a group could bring new and exciting information your way, perhaps involving career or educational opportunities. You might explore combining artistic talents with modern technology. Invitations to related social events could follow. Accept as many as you can, Cancer. They could make a difference in your personal, professional, and creative lives.
 There is a possibility that you feel cheated or taken advantage of in some way. Do you feel as if you're paying more than your fair share? The day ahead gives you an opportunity to achieve recognition for your efforts and perhaps redress some grievances. It's odd that despite your tendency to espouse fairness, you feel uncomfortable when the authorities rule in your favor.
 The day ahead may bring a storm of individualism and independence. You usually tolerate the quirks and minor shortcomings of your friends or family members, but today they present real obstacles to your relationships. The only way to remedy the situation is to go on vacation. Spending some time alone will keep you out of trouble.
 Put on your traveling shoes, Cancer. Fear of the unknown may have prompted you to postpone certain trips. You claimed you were too busy, but no one really believed this, not even you. If an opportunity to travel presents itself today, don't pass it up. It's silly to avoid life.
 There's an advantage to joining people in a social or family situation, Cancer. Your role today is to bridge communication gaps. Be aware of details that need doing, but don't feel like you have to do them all yourself. This is a good time to delegate responsibility. Keep track of who is in charge of what or you could end up taking up the slack for a job that someone else is supposed to do.
 Consider whether or not you're spending enough time with everyone who's special to you, Cancer. If more hours are going to work colleagues, friends, or partner, there might be an imbalance that you need to look at. Sit down and create a chart of where your time has gone lately. If one portion is considerably larger than the others, make a point of spending some time with the people represented by the smaller portions.
 Today, Cancer, don't be too surprised if you have difficulty getting into a work frame of mind. It's likely that you'd rather daydream than be in the real world. You're susceptible to daydreaming and taking imaginative trips. Consider making a list of everything that you need to do to help you focus. This will help you meet your short
 Creativity and romance are the words for today, Cancer. Artistic or other creative projects are likely to catch the attention of others, perhaps bringing valuable contacts your way. As a result, you're likely to be inspired to move ahead to new ones. You're also likely to feel especially romantic and sexy. If you're currently involved, expect to grow closer to your partner. If you aren't, you might meet someone special.
 Your immediate goals and wishes might suddenly appear to come together today, seemingly of their own accord. This might be strange, Cancer, and perhaps a bit frightening, but your inner power is especially strong now, and your higher self is manifesting what you've worked long and hard to achieve. At times like this, it's important to remember those who helped you along the way. You will want to acknowledge them as well as yourself.
 You seem to be a specialist at relationships, and you're very sensitive to the ups and downs in your own. But today you may wonder if people love you less than they did before. This is rather an odd question, but another one may be hiding underneath. Do you really have to make such a big effort in order to be loved? Only you can answer that question.
 You're the secret jewel, Cancer. You're apt to be extremely loving and devoted to those who recognize this in you. There is no reason to shrink back and hide. Put on your royal air and flaunt your stuff. Your peaceful, charming nature shines through, and you radiate the god
 This would be an ideal day to think about your personal interests in all areas of your life, Cancer. You've surely noticed that in various relationships you tend not to consider yourself and what you get out of it. The configuration of the planets today can help you concentrate on yourself and think about what you give up in return for your need to please others.
 You will feel as though your back is against the wall, Cancer. And this particular wall is impeding your progress. Others will ask you questions and ask for your opinion. You may want to tell them the "truth" as you understand it, and you could be tempted to do so humorously. Humor isn't your forte right now. You can always try, but for now a sensible approach is the best one.
 The way you act when you first meet people is typical of Cancer. What is it that you do? You try to teach them something. It seems that you always have a lesson to impart, making you prone to giving advice when it isn't always wanted. Make an effort to accept the points of view of others for a change.
 It may be that you've been a bit too stubborn lately. You've been doing whatever you want, giving no consideration to financial constraints. Now it's urgent that you take care of any unresolved monetary issues. You definitely have some lessons to learn in the area of fiscal responsibility, Cancer! Do what you can to raise your awareness.
 People and situations that you were counting on may suddenly run into opposition today, Cancer. Don't be surprised if the seat you're sitting on is suddenly pulled out from under you. Make sure you have some extra padding, since it could be a rather hard fall. More than likely, however, you will be able to take it in stride.
 You may miss friends and family who live far away, Cancer. Why not make yourself a cup of tea and write some letters? It will help you feel connected in a different way than sending an email or making a call. Remember that you're blessed to have these people in your life even if you don't see them as often as you'd like.
 Recent aspects have allowed you to affirm yourself at work and, in a more general way, cement some aspects of your personality. Now you will be consolidating things. It's as if you've conceived of a product, created it, and are now finally ready to put it on the market. If this is in fact the case, Cancer, the current period corresponds to incoming money 
 For a month you may have had problems communicating with the people close to you, Cancer. This is nothing to worry about, yet it might make you feel off balance. This is a great day to settle conflicts from the last month or make your feelings clear to other people. Don't be afraid to play "truth or dare." Honesty is the best policy. Dare them to be honest with you.
 Stay close to home today, Cancer. Spending too much time in the car could lead to stress or, in extreme cases, minor accidents. On the job, this could turn out to be one of those days. Avoid office politics and stay out of arguments. Try to sequester yourself and do your work alone. Days like this are best used to take care of your affairs quickly and efficiently.
 You may be trying to get to the end of the road too quickly without really enjoying all the steps along the way, Cancer. This is especially true when it comes to any sort of artistic project or romantic partnership that you might be involved in at this time. If you aren't savoring every part of your journey, then perhaps this isn't the path you should be on.
 People will listen to you much more than usual, Cancer. Sometimes when you say something, people hear you but minutes later forget what you said. Today is different. Your words will penetrate more deeply and end up being disseminated much more widely than ever before. Don't be stingy with what you have to say. Give people your full opinion on the situation. Your impact will be significant.
 Be careful of being hypocritical, Cancer. You may not want to disappoint people you meet, so you end up stretching the truth to suit what they want to hear. You may catch yourself a minute later telling someone else the opposite in order to protect his or her estimation of you. Figure out who you are and stick to it. If other people don't like you, that's their problem not yours.
 Things seem to be returning to normal after the hectic pace of late, Cancer. Life has slowed down, and the energy is lower but more peaceful. There's also no rush to get anything done. The deadlines can be postponed to another day. You might take whatever spare time you have to just lie back and enjoy the quiet. Don't feel guilty. You can work hard again tomorrow!
 Today you might be in a reflective and meditative mood. You may think about mundane matters, such as how to increase your income, or more complex issues, such as the purpose of life. You aren't likely to want to do much socializing today, Cancer. It's probably the perfect day to stay in, relax, and enjoy your own company. Reading could prove especially informative now.
 Although you're usually very responsible and you try to keep the proper balance between your home and professional lives, today your mind and heart are more focused on your home, Cancer. A warm sense of unity with family and close friends could make for a very pleasant day and an even more pleasant evening. Even finishing up paperwork will seem easier than usual. Relax and enjoy a great evening.
 Today you might attend a party or group event with some friends, and become separated from them. Don't panic, Cancer. You will probably run into them later. You might meet some new friends and hear some news that could interest you. This is a day when cell phones and other handheld devices are likely to come in handy. You will want to record or pass on a lot of information.
 Today your job or another activity could require your artistic skills for a particular project, Cancer. You may not be used to this, so it could throw you into a bit of a panic. There should be others around who can collaborate with you, so you will be all right. A tendency to be overly emotional could interfere with just about anything you try. Stay centered.
 Some close friends could turn you on to a new interest or perhaps a group you might want to join. Intellectual stimulation through those closest to you could open the way to new plans and innovations. You might want to try combining artistic interests with technology, Cancer, perhaps expanding your knowledge of photography, computer graphics, or filmmaking. Success and good fortune through such activities are strongly indicated.
 You may need someone's help or advice today, Cancer. Don't be afraid to ask for it. You tend to be proud of your ingenuity and independence. Most of the time others are the ones reaching out to you. You do have the right to ask for help. It isn't a sign of weakness. Knowing when to ask for help is a strength. Think about it.
 A number of visitors, deliveries, service people, emails, or phone calls might keep you jumping today, Cancer, right when you're in the mood for a quiet day. It may take all your effort to keep your cool. Try to get a family member to intercede for you with some of these people or you might lose your temper. In the evening, go to a movie and relax.
 You could be the one everyone runs to for advice today, Cancer. You're the one with all the answers who can easily pull the rabbit out of a hat. Trust your judgment and intellectual know
 Your rock
 Your balancing powers will be put to the test today when your desire to fight conflicts with your need to plan, Cancer. You might be even more indecisive than usual as a result of this internal tension. Be aware of time and the restrictions that it puts on you. Devise a plan that uses your energy in the most efficient way possible. It's especially important for you to think before you act.
 Your mood should be quite good today, Cancer, although there may be some strong forces at work trying to subvert this positive attitude. Try not to let other people's disagreements bring you down. Take the high ground and you will certainly prevail. A peaceful nature is extremely important in order to balance the anger and hostility that's present all around. Be the one to promote this harmony.
 Your head should be quite clear today, Cancer, and your witty comments will be met with appreciation and laughter. Your smile will delight everyone you encounter. Don't be afraid to let your feelings out to those who need to hear them. Focus your energy on the ones you love. Your heart is warm and generous, so share it with other people today.
 You may be able to zip through chores like lightning today, Cancer. There's an added swiftness to your step that helps in every one of your endeavors. You might want to engage in just about every activity except work. This is completely understandable. You will feel much better if you get your work done first and then socialize. That plan will produce the best results.
 Some exciting career developments could have you flying high today, Cancer. Perhaps you've just reached a long
 It seems that your sensitivity is in slight conflict with your actions, Cancer. You continue to go through the daily motions and do what you planned on doing, but it seems as though your heart is no longer in it. Don't ask why. It's just that you've been working hard and thinking hard lately. You've reached your limit and it's time to rest.
 Now that you feel more secure regarding your business and financial situations, Cancer, you might be looking for ways to feed your spiritual and metaphysical interests. Your intuitive and psychic abilities should be operating at a very high level, causing you to experience some vivid dreams and visions and receive the insights that come from them. Books and lectures might prove especially enlightening.
 Someone close who owes you money might suddenly turn up and repay you, Cancer. This might be a surprise, but you will be glad to get it. You may want to blow some of it by taking a friend out to lunch or buying someone a gift. Some beautiful dreams could haunt your sleep tonight, perhaps to the point where you feel frustrated when you wake up. Write them down. They're saying something about you.
 Expanding your mind could be of interest today, Cancer. You might decide to travel to a place you've always wanted to visit. Or you could decide to go back to school for an advanced degree. Either way, you're likely to spend the day considering the idea and doing a lot of research. At some point you will want to go for a workout to rid your system of some of the day's tension.
 A rush of creative inspiration could take you temporarily away from your social life today, Cancer. At some point you could be working as if there were no tomorrow, perhaps worrying that you will forget it if you don't get it all down now. It's no use telling you to slow down. Be sure to keep sufficient snacks on hand, and do take occasional breaks. Work hard and good luck!
 You may want to remedy every situation by talking things out or taking some sort of action, Cancer. Be careful of making any sudden moves before you really understand what you're feeling. One minute you may be full of exuberance and ready to launch into a new project, but once you start moving forward, you're suddenly feeling insecure. Take this resistance as a sign that maybe this isn't the best time to move forward.
 This is one of those days when you will be walking along and all of a sudden hear a street performer playing music. Suddenly your feet start to move and soon you're dancing. You find yourself boogying down the rest of the road. It won't take much to get you grooving. Once you start, it may be hard for you to stop. Go with it!
 It's one thing to be a friend and it's another to feed someone's ego just to make him or her happy, Cancer. Make sure that you aren't telling someone lies just because you know that that is what he or she wants to hear. A true friend is someone who is honest at all times, even if it means that you may temporarily hurt that person's feelings.
 Take your loved one out for a romantic dinner tonight, Cancer. Escort him or her on a magic
 Today you might strategize ways to make a little extra money to prepare to move ahead with your life and ambitions. This might be in conjunction with your significant other or some close friends. Trips to the mall might result in impulse purchases, as gifts or perhaps for yourself. In the evening, plan some time alone with your partner or get out and look for one if you're single.
 Start the day with some vigorous yoga and then some meditation to help clear your mind, Cancer. Stretch your body and get the blood flowing through all of your limbs. Once your blood is flowing, your mind will get moving. Before it gets too far into its noisy routine, take the opportunity to maintain a quiet, serene state while you clear out the static and set forth your goals for the day.
 Quietly step into the background if things aren't going the way you'd like, Cancer. Don't try to stick your nose into someone else's business, even if you think you know the right way to proceed. People probably have strong opinions, and they won't be swayed in any direction. The best you can do is take care of yourself. You will probably find that this means you shouldn't be seen or heard.
 People are apt to try to hit you square on the head with their ideas and thoughts today, Cancer, so be ready for the onslaught of information that may come your way. There's a distinct advantage to listening to the whole spiel before you react with your own facts and emotions. The problem is that you're going to be tempted to argue instead of calmly resolve the matter.
 A powerful bond between you and a romantic partner could have you walking around with your head in the clouds, Cancer. Things between you seem to be improving by leaps and bounds. Right now it all seems just too perfect. Savor every moment of your time together. You will want to remember them when times aren't quite so easy. We all deserve such halcyon days. You and your beloved should definitely make the most of it.
 Expect some positive developments today that impact the whole family, Cancer. Perhaps you or your mate will receive word of a significant raise or great job opportunity. Perhaps you meet the one who is right for you, and you know it the instant you shake hands. Whichever it is, don't let the opportunity pass. If you don't seize it, someone else surely will.
 Don't plunge headfirst into work mode, Cancer. The cleaning and tidying up can surely wait for another day. Today's energies indicate that spending time with friends and family should be your main priority. Consider spending the afternoon doing activities with your kids. Hire a babysitter for the evening. It would do you good to go out with your partner 
 What's happening in your community today that attracts crowds, Cancer? A parade? A festival of some kind? Some friends may want you to go with them. You might think you're too busy, but an hour or two away from your chores certainly won't hurt. Take some time out. This is a time for having fun! Go if you want to. You could meet some interesting people.
 Someone who's been ill and perhaps undergone surgery might phone you today, Cancer. You could invite this person to join you for a little social gathering. Several people could be involved. All of them will have some interesting and useful information to offer. Natives of Cancer in particular might attract your attention. Enjoy your day.
 A visit to a sibling or neighbor could see you make a new friend today, Cancer, probably someone who works in a creative profession. If you're currently romantically involved, this person could become your best friend. If you're unattached, sparks could fly between you and him or her. You could talk for hours and part unwillingly. Exchange contact information. You'll be glad you did!
 Expect to get some useful financial information today, Cancer. You may learn about a new investment, or perhaps you'll get wind of a job opening that's right up your alley. This is a good day to consider an alternate life path. Although there's nothing wrong with the one you're on, it's always good to consider other roads.
 A last
 Circumstances beyond your control may frustrate your desire to get together with a love partner today, Cancer. Work or family obligations could interfere. If your partner has to beg off, don't get upset and start doling out blame. This won't help and could put your friend on the defensive. Make arrangements to meet another day. Absence makes the heart grow fonder!
 Circumstances are favorable for you if you're contemplating investment in real estate. Any sort of investment looks good for you right now, Cancer. Be ready to receive a young visitor at home today. You may benefit from a significant piece of mail or phone call. Even if you hadn't planned on it, you may want to visit an older friend or relative tonight.
 Squabbles may come up between you and a sibling or neighbor, Cancer. Your ability to compromise is definitely called for here. If you aren't careful, this could turn into a battle of wills. The minute the disagreement comes up, try to talk it out and turn it into a win/win situation. Otherwise, things may be said that shouldn't be, and feelings could remain hurt for a long time.
 An exciting phone call or email could come from a friend who has some great news for you, Cancer. Love, romance, and success in the arts are all highlighted now, and this communication could bring it to your attention. Conversations could bring inspiration your way, and your mind is apt to be going a thousand miles an hour for most of the day. Make the most of it!
 Today is a fantastic day, Cancer, so make the most of it. If you're emotionally and mentally prepared to go on a new, exciting life journey, the opportunity will present itself. The energy will be fast and furious. You can work harmoniously with electrical gadgets and new technologies. Break free of the mundane and seek less conventional ways of living.
 Some fascinating news could come from a friend who's presently out of town, Cancer. This might be personal, but it more likely involves new discoveries in a field that interests you both. You'll probably want to do some research of your own, so be prepared to spend time in the library or online over the next few weeks. Keep careful records. You won't want to forget a thing!
 Someone you've never met before who you find exceedingly attractive could pass you today. You might decide to go say hello and discover not only a physical attraction but an intellectual compatibility as well. Your feelings are probably reciprocated! If you're single, this attraction might be worth pursuing. If you're involved, at least you might make a new friend.
 You should be in glowing good health today, Cancer. You're feeling especially fit, and your appearance likely reflects that. You're looking for healthy activities that also bring you pleasure, such as exercise and proper diet. Find a cookbook full of tasty recipes and use it. Your relations with others should be warm, loving, and companionable. Exercising with friends should encourage you to keep up the good work.
 You might just want to stay on the couch today, Cancer. That's fine. Don't get up if you don't want to. You're probably better off sticking close to home and enjoying a good movie tonight. If people ask how you're doing, be honest. Others will be able to see right through you, so don't try to hide your feelings. Today is a good day to say how you really feel.
 Keeping your emotions in balance is going to be the key to a successful day, Cancer. Don't get swept away by a fanciful situation that could send your mind spinning. Maintain control at all times. This might be easier said than done. Give yourself a break and avoid excess alcohol or any sort of drug use. It will be hard enough to keep your mind clear without them.
 Expect some positive changes in a current partnership, Cancer. If this is a business partnership, a new agreement between you shows promise of success and good fortune. If this is a romance, you might be so perfectly compatible that you're considering moving to the next level of commitment. Any new partnership begun today should be promising and bring you whatever you hope to gain.
 Finances should be going well, Cancer, but your financial affairs aren't something you want to talk about to anyone now. Perhaps you want to make a decision that's yours and not influenced by others. Nonetheless, a close friend or lover is going to find out. Maybe they'll guess or maybe you'll let it slip. Don't panic. This person understands you and won't try to exert undue influence.
 You're good at dealing with others, but today you should be especially so. Your intuition is strong and you're likely to instinctively understand others' thoughts, feelings, needs, and desires. You give freely of your experience, knowledge, and understanding. This brings others closer to you, which can work for you on many levels. Social events may bring new friends.
 It's time to let go of the past and focus only on the future, Cancer. A new person may come into your life who can help you do just that. Communication with close friends and relatives is highlighted, and you may find yourself spending more time on the phone than usual. Enjoy this day as you anticipate your brilliant future!
