 Disturbing occurrences regarding a friend might make you a bit confused, Capricorn. The situation isn't anything you could have expected, so you and others will try to make sense of it. It should be resolved within the next few days. In the meantime, view it objectively. You might also want to get your mind on something else.
 It's possible that someone will question your motives or wonder whether or not you're genuine, Capricorn. Don't take it the wrong way. You don't take everything at face value either. Show your sincerity by following through and sticking by your word. If you can't avoid going back on your word, explain the situation to the person involved. This will show that you're sincere.
 Capricorn, you can expect to feel a little more energetic today. In fact, you may run circles around everyone. What a great way to start the day. Head out with the confidence that you can easily handle anything that comes your way. Take time to enjoy the company of others as much as possible. If there are meetings on the agenda, handle them right away.
 An unexpected meeting with a friend could leave you sensing some strong emotions that your friend is experiencing. These could be unsettling, Capricorn, so be prepared. Increased psychic awareness could cause you to pick up the thoughts and feelings of others more strongly than usual. This should increase your understanding of the person, but be careful not to reveal this understanding unless asked. It might prove too much for your friend right now.
 If you feel sluggish today, Capricorn, put on some upbeat music to get you going. Whether it's your favorite tune or the radio, it will help a great deal. Dance a little or sing while you tend to your work. Housework, filing 
 You may feel lonely and isolated, like there's no one you can talk to, Capricorn. Your interactions may seem like giving a speech instead of having a discussion. Perhaps you feel like you're talking to yourself most of the time and no one is really listening. There's nothing wrong with you or the person you're talking to. It's just a phase. Don't get hung up on it.
 It can be very easy to get carried away today, Capricorn. You might get caught up in some excitement. You need to use your head on a day like this. Double
 Don't act impulsively today, Capricorn. It can be easy to confuse this with spontaneity, but one has more thought in it than the other. Look before you leap! Think everything through from decisions to projects to contracts. Read the fine print more than once. When it comes to relationships, avoid trusting too quickly. Don't set yourself up for hurt by being gullible.
 There are opportunities for achievement, so stay open to new energy coming your way, Capricorn. If you don't turn at these fortuitous junctions, you may never find this spot in the road again. What comes your way may not be a pot of gold, but it will certainly be the rainbow that leads you to it. If nothing else, you'll find opportunities that strengthen your spirit, preparing you for adversity later.
 You might feel a bit reserved when it comes to issues of love and romance, Capricorn. Other people might consider this rather strange when they see that suddenly your courageous forward motion comes to a dramatic halt. Don't feel like you need to make excuses for the way you feel. It's probably better if you slow down a bit, especially when it comes to love.
 This is a period when your business and financial interests continue to fly high. You may feel disoriented at times, as everything seems to be happening at once, Capricorn. Yet all you can do is go with the flow. You're on a roll! Matters involving friendship and love also are changing rapidly, mostly for the better, though you might leave some longtime companions behind.
 Independence is key for you, Capricorn, so even though it may not be Independence Day, feel free to celebrate anyhow. Give thanks to all the freedoms you have, and make sure you're taking advantage of them. You are your own entity with a strong life force that's capable of anything. Gather your spirit, mount your horse, and ride off to adventure.
 Some letters, checks, or phone calls you may have been expecting for a long time could still be delayed, Capricorn. There's no reason to get too frustrated, as the delays are beyond your control. The best course is to find something else to do and let whatever you're waiting for come when it will. It hasn't been lost 
 Are you worried that your romantic partner doesn't love you as much as you love him or her, Capricorn? Love has many facets. Not everybody can verbally express love or feel comfortable with public displays of affection. If someone loves you, there are ways you can tell. It might be the way they look at you, how they touch you, or little favors. If you're uncertain, why not ask?
 Heightened mental powers might have you spending a lot of time reading or doing research of some kind, Capricorn. Your curiosity is especially high right now. You might even consider advancing your education in some way, especially since new interests have been stimulating you for some time. New friends in fascinating fields might have started you thinking. This is a good time to look into this.
 A goal that you and some friends have been trying to reach may take a sudden turn and show signs of manifesting sooner than you expected. This could be a real break for you and you might be baffled as to how to make the most of it. Don't worry about that now. Celebrate with your friends. Within a few days you'll be in the frame of mind to move ahead!
 A lot of tedious paperwork is probably waiting for you, and you will want to get it done as quickly as possible. You might be distracted and irritated by everyone goofing off. Don't worry about everyone else. Concentrate on your own work. You will only cause further irritation by getting upset with everyone. You will be done with your tasks when they're just getting started on theirs!
 Your home may seem lonely today, Capricorn, and love may seem to be absent. A family member, perhaps your love partner, could be away for the night, making the place seem far colder and emptier than it is. This isn't a good night to stay home. Go out and visit a friend or go to a movie. You need to keep yourself occupied until your partner returns.
 You and some friends might spontaneously decide to do something adventurous, Capricorn, such as take a trip out of town. This might be fun. Make sure you go somewhere that one of you knows fairly well or there's a slight danger that you might get lost or hit traffic at the wrong time. Also make sure that others know where you are so no one worries.
 There is power behind your heart, Capricorn, and you might come across more forcefully than usual in the love and romance department. This is a good day to make a bold move toward someone. Your internal fire burns more brightly than ever. Share this warmth. Spreading your love will ensure that people are happy to keep you warm on days when your fire sputters out.
 You might have to adjust your way of thinking in order to match the energy of the situations around you. While you may feel a desire to strike out into some new, adventurous activity, there's a strong resistance asking you to be more cautious and stable. Don't lose touch with your pioneering attitude, but don't fall prey to reckless behavior, either.
 If you've been thinking of living somewhere else, Capricorn, today will push you to really want to move far away from the place you're living now. Such a move could have consequences for your work situation or family life. It may be time to think seriously about what's holding you back. Wouldn't the people closest to you be happy to go along?
 It's one thing to stick to your guns, another altogether to do so without considering the views of others. People may resent this stubbornness, Capricorn. Today you're encouraged to take a good look at yourself. Practice listening rather than speaking and you may be amazed at what you learn. Other people have opinions, too. Some of them are valid. Imagine that!
 If you've encountered a lot of resistance on some of your projects, Capricorn, you should probably let them go. It's possible that you're still doing something a certain way even though your goals have changed. All you used to think about was getting ahead in your career. Is that what you still want? Think about it.
 Try to control your aggression, Capricorn. People are likely to be a bit more sensitive than usual. You can use your powerful nature in positive ways by turning your energy inward and conquering the demons within. It may feel like others are trying to put a monkey wrench in your gears, so be careful.
 Today is a significant day, astrologically speaking, Capricorn. It may be an affirmation of your pioneering spirit. Be the champion of the new and bizarre. There's a window of opportunity opening to reveal a golden chance. Forces that seem to conflict may actually work well together. Remember to balance old traditions with new information. The integration of these is key.
 Your actions may take a sudden turn today, Capricorn, so beware. This may seem like an annoying bend in the road at first, but if you keep walking, you'll see that this course of action is exactly the one you need to take. This isn't a day to sit back and watch. Get your act together and do something before you're the one who gets acted upon.
 Your words will flow smoothly today, Capricorn, and you certainly won't lack things to say. Conversations about higher learning and greater spirituality are likely. You may be more aggressive when it comes to getting your opinion across, but that's good. It's important that you make your position known so others know where you stand. Together you can come up with something greater than you could alone.
 This may be a difficult day in which you feel pressured to get things done, Capricorn, yet there's indecisiveness and hesitation lingering in your mind. Between a rock and hard place is no easy spot, but you'll find your way out. Perhaps the thing you should do is make a move 
 You should enjoy a good mood today, so head toward something you believe in, Capricorn. There will most certainly be a magical element to this day that you should not only believe in but also encourage. Miracles are possible if you believe. Let your fanciful mind realize something out of thin air. Lean toward the new and unconventional. The times are changing rapidly.
 Your mood is likely to be malleable, Capricorn, depending on the people you're with and situation you're in. One minute you may be high as a kite and the next you're down in the dumps. There's likely to be very little middle ground. The key for you now is to align yourself with those with a positive attitude who can bring helpful working solutions to the issues.
 Unexpected emotions are going to come out of nowhere and cause havoc, Capricorn. Be prepared to deal with the expected. The key is not to overreact. The calmer and more stable you can stay, the better off you'll be. Dealing with the situation in a reactive outburst will only turn the scene into an explosive rage. Count to ten or sit by yourself for a while before you deal with the problem.
 If you plan on arguing for a cause today, make sure you have solid facts to back up your statements, Capricorn. People aren't likely to fall for things too easily. It will take a great deal to change someone's mind about something. It's a great day for you to take a walk through the woods. Get back to the Earth. Try to bring some greenery into your living space.
 Issues regarding love and romance are likely to improve quite a bit over the next couple weeks, Capricorn. The thing to be most concerned about today, however, is that you may take an unrealistic approach to current relationships. You might be in a dream world in which you perceive the situation to be quite different from what it actually is. Be careful of this tendency.
 Focus on the information coming your way today, Capricorn. Try not to get too emotional about the consequences of the information. More than likely, a neutral approach is best in any situation you encounter. If you already have a strong preconceived notion of how things are going to be, you will fail to notice the valuable nuances that are being presented to you now.
 Foreign lands and new opportunities beckon today, Capricorn! Keep your eyes and ears open as these opportunities may come to you from an unusual or unexpected source. You're ready for a change of some kind in your personal or professional life. It's up to you to take steps in whatever new direction you decide to go. Don't rule out a few classes as a way to further your career.
 Take things to the limit today, Capricorn, and then go beyond. This is one of those days in which people may go to extremes, especially emotionally. You have the right to push the boundaries and see how far you can go. There's no need to delay. If you're going to do something, do it now. There's an intense surge of power that should be there to help you along your way.
 After a few days of apathy, the day ahead will give your energy a new boost. Anyone who tries to hold you back had better watch out, Capricorn, because you won't be in the mood to tolerate objections. You can't be restrained! This is an excellent time to reinforce your reputation as an excellent coach or the captain of your crew!
 You might take on the world, Capricorn. Excitement, enthusiasm, and purpose could fill your soul, yet you may wonder where it comes from, as nothing has really changed since yesterday. Don't waste time wondering 
 You might feel a great deal of physical power today, Capricorn. If someone asks you to help move a couch, you're likely to be able to pick the whole thing up by yourself. Don't sell yourself short. You have more internal strength than you reveal to others. There's no need to hide it any longer. Make use of this great power.
 Generally speaking, today should be a good day for you, Capricorn. You should have no problem setting a fast
 Latch on to the expansiveness that comes when you connect with others in a social arena, Capricorn. Communication is a key aspect of the day. If you go with the flow you will land exactly where you need to be. Take the adventurous route and skip around from one thing to another. There's no need to pin yourself down to one route or way of doing things.
 Your life is likely to enlarge today, Capricorn, either through a new group affiliation or people you meet. You may be invited to a party where a whole world of new and exciting events opens up to you. You may be reunited with a good friend from your past who can open all sorts of professional doors for you. Be receptive to anyone and everyone you meet.
 It's time for you to come out of hibernation, Capricorn. Shake off the blues and come into the light. Today is a day to play and have fun. The mood of the day is lighthearted and jovial, so be the first with a joke or silly story. Do what you can to make others laugh. Let the fire within you burn at its brightest.
 Whatever you didn't get done yesterday, Capricorn, you need to finish today. Discipline and attention to the sand slipping through the hourglass are the journey's themes. The more you're able to accomplish, the better you'll feel. Stagnant energy is a sign that it's time to get moving. Don't waste a moment waiting for someone else to come up with a solution. Take the initiative.
 It's important to get outside and feel the wind, Capricorn. Reconnect with nature and be aware of the four elements, especially the air. Take deep breaths and fill your lungs with the energizing life force. Imagine yourself on a mountain looking over a vast ocean. Expand your awareness so that nothing escapes your attention. Keep your head clear of clutter and be open to new adventures.
 Someone has just turned on the fan and papers are flying everywhere, Capricorn. The pace is picking up and you're scrambling to pick up the pieces. Stay in close communication with others today, for this will be your saving grace. You may require others' help to gather the documents that have blown across the room. Keep an eye on things so you don't lose your place.
 Today is your day to dream big, Capricorn. Think about what you want most out of life. Aim at the stars. There's no limit to how far you can go. Your only limitation is your imagination. Don't worry if your plan doesn't seem to make rational sense. Worry more about what you want and less about how you're going to get it.
 It may seem like neither side of the bed is the right side to wake up on today, Capricorn. The only solution may be is to just go back to dreamland if you can. If you can't, focus on your heart, because it's trying to tell you it needs some attention. Emotions may be running high, so be careful how you treat yourself and others.
 There's an extra blast of wind ready to fill your sails today, Capricorn, so make sure you have both hands on the tiller. Whichever way your rudder is pointed is the direction you will go. Once you get on course, it will be difficult for you to readjust your position, so make sure your compass is properly set. Continue with your journey, full speed ahead.
 The name of the game today is action, Capricorn. The air has cleared, and it feels like a weight has been lifted off your shoulders. You might experience a sudden burst of physical energy, pushing you to get out and walk or go for a long bike ride. Enjoy the wind in your hair. Release your pent
 It may be apparent that what was so light and active yesterday is running into a few roadblocks today, Capricorn. You're suddenly heading into a brick wall with some of the projects you've been working on. Suddenly there's a more reserved tone to things and you may lose precious momentum. Use this time to back off and reassess the wisdom of your direction.
 Unexpected events could shuffle the cards when you least expect it, Capricorn. If you haven't kept a close eye on the deck, you might get thrown for a loop. Don't be discouraged. Everyone else is playing under the same rules as you. If the dealer seems crooked, go to another table. Don't fall victim to the same trick twice.
 Bring things down to Earth today, Capricorn. Get yourself grounded and enjoy the day. The more you slow down and adopt a caring, sensitive, receptive attitude, the more things will naturally flow your way. This isn't a day to fight. It's a time to connect with others on a symbiotic level. Nurture yourself and others. Get a massage and snuggle up close to those you love.
 Moving ahead is the key for today, Capricorn. You should feel very optimistic and excited about your goals. You're probably confident that you will reach them and all will go well. This positive attitude spills over into your personal relationships. You should be in just the right frame of mind to encourage your friends to go for their own dreams and give them whatever assistance they need.
 Your emotions may be reserved, Capricorn. Take a break from the spunk and fire and simply lay low. This is a good time to sit back and receive. Don't make any sudden moves. Just let the energy of the day take you where it will. The closer you can get to your inner nature and feminine energy, the closer you will become to a romantic partner or family member.
 You might feel a bit tense, Capricorn, and you probably won't understand why. The reason? The planets. You might jump at unexpected noises or take offense where none is intended. Relations with others might be a little strained, necessitating some communication about how you're feeling. Try to work off the tension by taking a brisk walk or perhaps working out at the gym.
 Your financial picture continues to improve. At some point during the day, Capricorn, you might have the feeling that you aren't working hard enough to keep up your current forward motion, and you might worry. This could be a good motivator, but you don't need to push yourself much harder than you are now. You're on a roll and it's likely to continue. Keep moving, but pace yourself.
 Business and financial success makes you happy and satisfied, Capricorn. You also look forward to moving on. The downside of this flush period is that people who aren't particularly trustworthy might decide to latch onto your coattails for their own purposes. Some might even ask for loans. Be careful about the ones you assist. They might not be honest with you. Don't fall for any sob stories.
 A temporary lack of funds might interfere with creative projects or your ability to have fun, Capricorn. You might encounter an apparent coolness from a close friend or romantic partner that you might not understand. Don't make too much of it. This probably relates more to the person's general mood than to anything you've said or done. Your friend should be back to normal in a few days.
 Social events could put you in touch with interesting people involved in intriguing fields like astrology, alchemy, and other occult sciences, or perhaps in social, political, or humanitarian causes. There could be a possible new love interest. You're going to enjoy these people, Capricorn, and probably want to see them again. You need to make the effort.
 New ideas for increasing your income, particularly if they involve extra work, could suddenly seem vague and uncertain today, Capricorn. Doubts and insecurities could sabotage the plans you were so ready for yesterday. Don't let this happen. Talk to others and judge what is and isn't workable, then concentrate on the former and move ahead. You don't want to miss some good opportunities.
 Some rather unsettling insights into a friend's thoughts and feelings could come to you today. Your intuition is keener than usual, Capricorn, so trust your instincts about everyone, even strangers. Disconcerting though it may be, the experience will increase your understanding of others and enable you to deal with them in the right way. This could strengthen your relationships.
 What do you want? It isn't always easy to live with others, Capricorn. You may ask too much of the people close to you and not be able to stand it when they don't live up to your high expectations. Your idealism makes it hard for you to compromise. This attitude can cause conflict and make you hard to live with. Change it.
 Arguments could quickly turn into declarations of war today. Things could get blown out of proportion if they aren't handled with care, Capricorn. The key lessons for you are about balance and communication. Things will move quickly, so make sure you have your seat belt fastened. Let your vivacious spirit lead the way to new adventures.
 Put on a noble demeanor before you leave the house this morning, Capricorn. The key is to smile from ear to ear and just keep smiling. There's a great deal of power available to you, so put it to good use. Open your heart and freely express your love, because it will brighten up other people's lives, too. Keep your chin up, your shoulders back, and be proud.
 Love is on your side today, Capricorn, and all romantic and social situations are favored. This is the perfect time to take the lead on creative projects or anything requiring a keen eye for beauty. Your mood is apt to be positive and jovial. You can't go wrong in whatever way you choose to express yourself.
 It's time to settle down from the rapid
 There's likely to be a bit of tension today regarding your position in society, Capricorn. Maybe you're running into issues that stem from your involvement in the collective versus your focus on your personal issues. Make sure these two aspects of your life are in balance. Unexpected things may pop out of the woodwork to keep you on your toes.
 Everybody knows that you're very strong willed. You've always had a very active disposition. You have the ability to surmount all obstacles and soak up all the energy that comes to your aid. It seems that today your strength could be reinforced by some people you meet or by your group of friends, Capricorn.
 The time has come to focus on your personal life, Capricorn. Your life has certainly had its moments. During the past few months, it has been especially full of new and deep emotions. If you're persistent about keeping your determined frame of mind and course of action, you will attain the goals you've set for yourself.
 You have a tendency to get very involved in your projects, Capricorn. Today the stars will compel you to clarify your situation. It's already clear that you aren't afraid to work long hours to ensure that your projects end in success. But your entourage will probably have difficulties keeping up with you. You're too full of energy.
 You may be a bit confused today, Capricorn. Nothing seems to fit right. It's as if you're faced with many different roads, unsure of which one to take. All the choices seem reasonable and you may fear you will miss out on something great whichever one you choose. The truth is that you can find a way that incorporates what you've learned from previous paths. Trust yourself.
 Your mood is likely quite good, Capricorn, and you have an added boost of self
 Your mind is sharp as a tack today, Capricorn. There's a great deal of power behind your thoughts, so use it wisely. Take this energy to work and see how much you can accomplish. Lady Luck is on your side. The key is to put your brain in motion. Plow forward with new ideas and don't look back. Jump in with both feet. Hesitation will cause you to falter.
 There is plenty of air to fuel your fire today, Capricorn. You're able to get quite a bit done. Multitasking is key to accomplishing what you want to do. An element of the unexpected is likely to add a surprising dimension to the day. You're able to communicate freely, and you will likely be on the same page with the people you meet.
 Hold your temper today, Capricorn. No one wants to argue. It may be tough to connect with the people around you, but this isn't a reason to get upset. Tone things down and speak more softly. Listen to what others have to say. There may be a bit of a disruption in your daily routine. Others may challenge what you're feeling. Don't doubt yourself.
 There's nothing worse than last
 Suddenly your emotions are much more intense, Capricorn. You notice that people are on edge and they're likely to go to extremes in all situations. This is one day to do things with passion. If there is any sort of detective work you need to get done, now is the time to do it. Try not to start any arguments. Others aren't likely to back down. All
 Today should run quite smoothly for you, Capricorn. You will find that there's a great deal of power fueling your emotions and that you're able to take that power to the extreme. Use your strong, dynamic nature to win the hearts of others. Lead the charge toward good
 When you go up a flight of stairs, take one step at a time today, Capricorn. Skipping up the staircase two at a time could result in you falling back to the bottom. Trying to rush things today will leave holes in your projects. Finish jobs completely by making sure that every step is thoroughly taken care of. Don't ignore the details.
 Why go through today with doubts or fears, Capricorn? You have every reason to be happy. The things you project to the world today will prove extremely favorable. Don't hesitate to enjoy this day to the fullest. People will be eager to participate in whatever you have going on. As long as you remain confident in yourself, everyone else will agree.
 Your thinking is steady and reserved today, Capricorn. Your mind is right in line with your ego, and you will be able to accurately verbalize what is going on inside. You might be a bit reserved in how much you tell people. It could be that others are holding back information from you. Proceed with caution and be honest in all your dealings.
 Don't be selfish today, Capricorn. This is a time to think about others. Instead of plowing ahead with a project by yourself, consider enlisting the help of a partner or friend. Things are better accomplished cooperatively, regardless of how badly you may want to do something on your own. The effort put out by a team will produce unexpected results that prove quite favorable.
 Your emotions and actions are well aligned, Capricorn, meaning that you're likely to do things that are more in tune with your true beliefs. This wonderful alignment of energies will keep you busy and out of trouble. As long as you're true to yourself, no one can argue with what you do or who you are. There is no reason for you to make excuses about anything.
 In navigating your emotional life, Capricorn, you may feel you've made a great effort in the past month. You've been available and conciliatory, and done your best to maintain harmony. Your efforts have paid off. Now you feel a yen for more spontaneity. It seems that the enterprising and reckless you has returned! Go ahead 
 You might find it hard to make progress with your projects today, Capricorn, especially if you need others' help. There's a stubborn quality to the day that's causing things to get jammed up. When neither party budges, the result is chaos. You might have to give a little in order to get a little. Be the first one to release your grip and things will run more smoothly.
 The forecast for you is excellent, Capricorn. You can rely on today's aspects to restore your self
 Let your heart be the reassuring force in your life today if difficult emotional issues come to the surface, Capricorn. Your feelings are apt to be at a climactic point in your month. Your general sensitivity toward the world is heightened. Try not to get too weighed down by these inner stirrings.
 It's a good day to speak your mind, Capricorn. Not that you generally have much trouble with this. But even you can face situations where you feel intimidated and hesitant to speak up. Not today. There aren't going to be any circumstances you can't handle, because the astral energy will boost your abilities. If there's someone you've been reluctant to approach, make a move to talk to him or her.
 You may feel like a puppy that has been let outside for the first time, Capricorn. The air is warm and you're full of energy. You're ready to run over the fields and hills. Unfortunately, you're tied to a stake and you can't move beyond a ten
 The end of one cycle signals the beginning of a new one. Today, you will embark on a new period of understanding that harmonizes your energies. You may have taken more risks than usual lately as you exposed emotions you normally keep hidden. Did you overdo it or could you have gone even further out on that limb? You have a period of clarity ahead to think about it.
 To fight or not to fight may be the question of the day, Capricorn. Your sensitive, feminine side is likely to say one thing while your masculine, combative side says another. The key is to not act hastily in any situation. Make sure you proceed from a neutral platform instead of reacting from a point of aggression caused by someone else.
 You may feel like you're on a road to adventure and excited about the frontiers you're encountering, Capricorn. Unfortunately, it seems that not everyone is as excited about this path as you are. Blows to your ego are apt to hit hard, but try not to let this deter you. This is more than likely a result of other people's jealousy of your incredible strength and bravery.
 Continue slowly and steadily, Capricorn. You may get all worked up over nothing because you want everything done at once! It would be a good time to prioritize what you really want to do. Be cautious of anything that distracts you. You have such a great desire to live through extraordinary experiences. Give yourself the time to completely experience them!
 Capricorn, don't be surprised if some of your fantasies and dreams are put on trial by a harsh force that cuts right to the truth of the matter. People may be extra passionate, and most aren't going to be impressed with unrealistic plans. You can try your normal approach of simply ramming straight ahead with your plans, but a better approach might be to think first and be more strategic.
 You'll wake up ready to take on the world, Capricorn. Excitement, enthusiasm, and purpose will fill your soul, yet you might wonder where it comes from, as nothing has changed since yesterday. Don't waste time mulling over it 
 Some upsetting news regarding money could throw you into a dither today, Capricorn. Perhaps a check you've been expecting hasn't arrived on time. Maybe the bank has made an error regarding your account. It isn't anything that can't be straightened out, though it's going to be a pain making all the calls. Basically, all should be going very well for you. This is only a temporary setback.
 You will be happy to know that today contains the seeds of change for your love life, Capricorn. Beginning today and for the next month or so, you're likely to be amazed by the turn of events in your relationships with others. The plot thickens as new people and groups emerge on your horizon. The aspect ahead is much less individualistic than usual.
 You can expect to have to make a choice today related to your intimate relationships. You may have become aware that something is missing, either in your partner or yourself. Today you will act on that awareness, but it may not be easy. The root of the problem could be an issue of independence and self
 Science, space exploration, and certain other fields require the participation of all with a very strong team spirit. Stubborn as you are, it doesn't make you the greatest specialist in group dynamics. Certainly no one would ever accuse you of enjoying working in a group, unless you're the one in charge. Just such a miracle is possible, Capricorn, provided you take the first step.
 Fear about your financial security could plague you today, Capricorn. Dissatisfaction with some of work you've been doing and delays in reaching some of your goals might have you wondering what you could do better. Doubts about a friend's motives might cause you to waver in your trust of that person. Take the time to consider everything objectively. All is probably not as it seems.
 Your characteristic independence may play some tricks on you today, Capricorn. What you say won't be approved of as easily as usual. Even though you have quite a bit of freedom, there are others who assume that you feel you don't have enough. There's no way to please everybody. This concern is their problem, not yours. Do the people you associate with daily really understand who you are?
 Admit it, Capricorn. You have a tendency to run away from conflict in relationships. This can get you into some complicated situations. You don't always dare say what you think, and this can block your energy and determination. Try to stop yourself from running away today. Take responsibility for your opinions. Don't be afraid to voice them.
 Excess is the word for today, Capricorn. You may feel overly optimistic and enthusiastic about everything, and you could throw yourself into it all a bit too eagerly. You could take on more than you can handle. There is the danger of tiring yourself out physically. You could also go the other way and become very lazy, not wanting to do much of anything. Remember, moderation is the best approach.
 Today can be a wonderfully productive day for you, Capricorn, if you learn how to compromise. If you insist on doing things your way only, you will run into difficult emotional conflicts. Realize that this can easily be avoided by joining hands with your partner and working together toward a common goal. There's a great deal of energy here, so don't waste it on something insignificant.
 You're getting support for and confidence from one aspect of your life and physical energy from another. Even though the two areas may be in a point of conflict, Capricorn, you have the ability to take the positive aspects from each and fuse them together to create something new or solve a problem. Pool your resources and shift into high gear. The sky's the limit.
 Don't automatically assume that people are going to understand your needs, Capricorn. Your emotions may be powerful today, and you could end up scaring people away instead of drawing them closer simply because you act irrationally and emotionally instead of reasonably and civilly. Be careful about targeting your frustration at the people who can help you the most.
 Group activities or projects you're working on with friends could prove inspiring today. Your enthusiasm is high, Capricorn, as is your energy, so you're likely to want to channel your personal power into whatever goals you have. Today you have the courage to focus on matters that others wouldn't even attempt. Move forward with caution, but go to it!
 Passion and determination mark today. Your energy should be high, Capricorn, and you should feel strong and powerful. This is the perfect day to give whatever goals you've been trying to accomplish that one last push toward completion. You may surprise yourself with the power and quality of your work and the positive attention your efforts receive.
 Some unusual events could cause you to feel discontented from your life and contemplate some big changes, Capricorn. Money matters might need attention and could prove frustrating. Outrageous ideas for improving your financial status could come to mind. Make a list of options, then wait a few days before making serious plans. This isn't the day to start anything new.
 You have a nice day in store, Capricorn. People may seem more attentive to your needs and generally very pleasant. You may not be used to this kind of treatment! You feel more outgoing and sociable than ever. You could take advantage of the day's tolerant atmosphere to meet people you may have been too afraid to introduce yourself to. They will surely have some new things to teach you.
 It may seem that you've been accumulating a lot of excess nervous tension and stress, Capricorn. Unfortunately, you won't be able to count on the people around you to make it any better. What your partner wants and what you want may not coincide. It could be time to think about reenergizing your relationship. How about planning a weekend away for just the two of you?
 The day will come when an authority applauds you for your work or research. Only then will you understand that you've let yourself be fooled by society. Much as you believe otherwise, society isn't trying to stifle you or stop you from being you, Capricorn. It's true that pioneers often aren't recognized until they can show some results.
 You won't allow yourself to get sidetracked by minor things today, Capricorn. You will get straight to the heart of the matter. There's some likelihood that you haven't considered your working conditions and instead you're concentrating on the goal you've set for yourself. When you set a goal, you're a force to be reckoned with!
 Don't spend beyond your means today, Capricorn! If you happen to be in a crowd of enthusiastic shoppers, it could be disastrous for your wallet. You could yield to the prevailing spending mood all too easily! On the other hand, perhaps you owe yourself a treat. If you feel this is the case, at least limit yourself a bit.
 Today you may see that nearly every couple you know is quarreling, Capricorn. You may have a few differences with a current or potential partner, but this is nothing to worry about. You're tense and edgy because of outside pressure, so your fuse might be a bit shorter than usual. Try to stretch your patience a little further, just for today. All should be well by tomorrow.
 With today's planetary aspects, Capricorn, you're likely to feel a rush of love. This includes love for family, friends, partner, and all life forms. The reality of spiritual advancement through love is all around you. Your artistic sensibilities are very high, so you might want to write, draw, or paint something that captures your thoughts and feelings.
 People can read you like a book today, Capricorn. Because of the current planetary positions, you're a bit touchier than usual. Your reactions to certain situations are written all over your face. You're blushing and your hands are sweating and trembling. Each of your gestures reveals emotion. This would be a great time to be in love. Watch out for love at first sight!
 This isn't a good time to make any big relationship decisions. If you're thinking about starting a relationship, moving in together, or getting married, you may feel a bit troubled by your decision, Capricorn. Take advantage of the day to reevaluate things objectively. There may be some issues to resolve before you go any further.
 This may seem odd, Capricorn, but you may not be the person you think you are. There are indications that you have hidden talents. If they come out today, no one will be more shocked than you! This could take your career in an entirely new direction. Strategize ways to incorporate this talent into your career. Your work will take on a new dynamic, and you will take a major leap forward.
 You will feel especially close to family and friends today, Capricorn. There's a lot of positive energy in the air, and people feel optimistic and congenial. It's a pleasure to be with your loved ones, and interactions with strangers have a lovely flavor as well. Take advantage of the warm astral energy and plan a get
 Today, Capricorn, you might want to make an unqualified declaration of love. That's fine if you've been involved for a while, although you could overwhelm your partner. If the relationship is new, beware! This could feel like too much too soon. Your friend could respond by backing away or even disappearing. Use restraint or you might have the opposite effect to the one you want.
 This may not be your preferred way to spend the day, but it would be an ideal time to finish up tasks that have been piling up at home, Capricorn. It would do you good to catch up on cleaning or get more organized around the house. Yes, Capricorn, that means throwing away last year's newspapers and magazines. If you haven't read them by now, you're not likely to!
 Just because your emotions are reserved or somber today doesn't mean you shouldn't share them with others, Capricorn. Work through difficulties by processing your feelings and running them by someone close. Keep your interaction limited to just one person at a time so you don't get overshadowed by a third party who wants to get their opinion in at the same time.
 What a day this could be, Capricorn. You may get an unexpected raise that seems to manifest out of the blue. Who knew it was possible? You may have a close friend to thank. He or she may have been responsible for making sure you were in the right place at the right time. Your life could change dramatically as a result. Hold on for what is bound to be a wild ride!
 You're looking gorgeous today, Capricorn, and have likely noticed the admiring glances you've received. Your passion is running high, and you may be able to spend this evening with a special someone. Fulfill your romantic fantasies. Light candles, use your best china, and dress with sensuality in mind. Your partner will appreciate the effort. You're bound to have a wonderful evening.
 A sibling or neighbor might be compelled to move away, Capricorn. This might be emotionally wrenching, and you could have a difficult conversation with this person. It isn't always easy to let go of someone you care about, but this could be a valuable lesson in detachment. It will probably take you a while get used to the idea, though you still won't like it. Hang in there!
 Communication with friends and lovers may be limited by emotional factors today, Capricorn. You may have a tendency to overreact to casual comments that are probably innocent but that you misinterpret as offensive. Quarrels over nothing could result, which could raise your blood pressure and stress level for no good reason. If ever there was a day to think before speaking, this is it.
 Are all of your friends into astrology, divine science, or spiritual matters, Capricorn? It might seem like most of them are today, anyway. You may have many new friends in those fields. You have a lot to learn from all of them, and even more that you can learn together. A giant spurt of personal growth is right around the corner.
 You may be anxious to get some new projects underway today, Capricorn, even though they aren't necessarily ready or well thought out. You must first learn that patience is key. Jumping the gun could cause a false start that disqualifies you from the race. Avoid this fate by playing it cool and laying low. Keep your big guns under wraps for now. You don't need to bring out all the heavy artillery yet.
 Doubts about a friend may plague you today, Capricorn. Did this person borrow money? Promise to do you a favor? Can you depend on this person? The best way to judge is by their track record. If they've been undependable in the past, chances are they might be again. It might be best for you to turn to someone else. Today, at least, your friend is best left in the clouds.
 Today you're bursting at the seams with energy and enthusiasm. Your personal and professional lives are going well, so it's no wonder you feel joyful. The only downside is that you may be overwhelmed by work responsibilities. Certainly there's a lot to do, but you're up to the task. Buckle down and put in a last burst of effort so you can enjoy your evening free of guilt.
 If you've been feeling like you want to do more to help the world, Capricorn, today is the day to put those thoughts into action. There is a lot you can do locally. Sign up to help out one morning per week at a soup kitchen, or volunteer to help a child learn to read. By touching the life of just one person you have an impact on many. Don't discount the power of a single act of generosity.
 A friend or relative could be ill, out of work, or otherwise beset by problems. You may want to do whatever you can to help out. This could be frustrating, but you will feel better for having done what you can. This person needs to face and deal with his or her responsibilities. They're out of your control to fix, Capricorn.
 Today you may feel especially sensual and passionate, Capricorn. This is the perfect evening to schedule quality time with a current or potential love partner. You're probably looking and feeling attractive, and this fact isn't likely to be lost on your friend. Scatter some pillows, add some flowers, put out some cheese, fruit, and white wine, and be prepared for anything!
 Social contact with new and exciting people, Capricorn, perhaps at a neighborhood gathering, could bring intriguing information your way. You could learn about new fields that interest you. There's a possibility of a new potential romantic partner with whom you talk for hours. Whether or not you choose to pursue this depends on your situation. At least you will have fun today.
 The forecast for you is excellent, Capricorn. You can rely on today's aspects to restore your confidence, which has been sorely tried in the past few days. The warrior of seduction within you can swagger forth, certain of conquest. However, don't go too far. Wait a few days for reality to dispel the cloud of ecstasy and you will be able to see the future more clearly.
 It's an excellent day, but be careful not to go overboard. You might be tempted to think that minor financial difficulties are already behind you. Alas, they are not. What you do today provides the blueprint for your future. Continued efforts to stabilize your behavior will provide the future security you desire.
 Today you might feel the urge to get all unfinished work done, Capricorn. You could suddenly be in a frenzy to work quickly but perhaps not as conscientiously as you should. You may spend a lot of time going through paperwork and discarding what's outdated. It might be a better idea to slow down a little and look closely at what you're doing. You won't want to throw out something you may need later.
 Combine your discipline and expansiveness today and see what manifests. Concentrate on your investments and home. The energy of the day is quite powerful and not something to be taken lightly. You may have much greater control than you realize. Understand that you have to be the one to take the initiative in order to activate the magic of today.
 Turn over a new leaf with your loved ones today, Capricorn. Infuse something new into the relationship. Add a new wave of tenderness and sensuality to the dynamic. If something annoys you about the relationship, don't confront it abrasively and cause the other person's defensive walls to go up. Be tactful and loving in your approach and you will get the same in return.
 The active and receptive natures of your being are coming together, Capricorn. There's a balance between these two aspects. You're able to attract the prosperity and love you desire by the way in which you handle yourself around others. Today is about the equilibrium between give and take. Make sure there's a healthy balance between you and your loved ones.
 Although your general mood is good, Capricorn, this doesn't mean your day will go off without a hitch. When it comes to projects and getting things done, you may be the one to take the lead. You're good at motivating the troops to move as a unified force. The one thing to be careful of is having selfish motives. If you don't consider the needs of others, there will be mutiny on your ship.
 This is the day to listen and observe, Capricorn. There is a lot to learn from what's going on around you. You might be surprised at the impact of it. Too much talk now could prove fruitless and even set you back in some way, especially if talk is used to hide your insecurities. Keep your eyes and ears open. Tomorrow you can share what you learn.
 Are you upset over money, Capricorn? Try to be rational. Your concerns are probably far more negative than the reality of the situation. Be objective and go over your budget to learn the facts. By the time you cover everything, you should be more than relieved. It's nothing you can't handle easily. Put it behind you for now and go out with some friends.
 Your optimistic nature has served you well. This quality makes you a great manager since you can motivate and inspire co
 Money matters might be a bit tangled today, Capricorn. There may be an unexpected delay in receiving funds due you. Your bank statement may have you confused. Getting to the bottom of things may prove a bit frustrating but not necessarily impossible. If you find that you're uncertain about your financial situation, consider talking with those involved to get a better understanding.
 A longtime friend may become something more today, Capricorn. It could be that there has always been a certain spark between you, but you haven't been able to acknowledge it until now. Make extra sure that the time is right, however. You don't want to hurt anyone else's feelings as you begin to explore the new aspects of this old relationship.
 Your mental powers should be especially acute today, Capricorn. Your mind will be quick and receptive and your communicative abilities exceptionally sharp. You feel on top of the world, as though you could sell anything to anybody! Make the most of this surge of intellectual power by beginning any new projects you've been considering.
 So many fascinating ideas have come your way over the past few days that your mind is spinning. Some of what you've heard could be so radical that it will take some time to make sense of it. You could also want to memorialize your thoughts, perhaps by making some notes or writing an article. Watching TV might get your mind off it all and help you relax a little. Go to it!
 It looks as though your ship is about to come in, Capricorn. It's likely that you will receive a letter or call alerting you to good financial news. Your mind may immediately begin to spin with ways to spend this windfall. Take care not to go on any shopping sprees. If invested wisely, this money could last a lifetime.
 Are you working on something that requires in
 A quarrel with a friend might put you in the position of having to lay all your cards on the table and tell him or her exactly how you feel. It isn't always easy to be so frank, Capricorn, but today the strength of your sincerity should impress your friend and make your friendship stronger. Your honesty can also prove beneficial when it comes to starting, working toward, or completing long
 You're thinking about your future career development, Capricorn, and you aren't happy with your current situation. Advancement is on your mind. Perhaps you seek a promotion or you want another job or you prefer to change careers entirely. This is the time to get your head together and firm up your plans. Success is on the horizon, but only if you work toward it.
 You're apt to feel emotionally brave today, Capricorn, so take advantage of this feeling by extending it to the people around you. Try not to get anxious or jump ahead of yourself. Enjoy where you are at this very moment. Don't get stressed about things you feel you need to do. Be happy with yourself regardless of what you end up accomplishing.
 Fire up your energy today, Capricorn, and demonstrate your power to conquer. Create a bonfire of activity that gives off a great deal of heat to the people around you. Some might not be able to stand too close now. Don't worry 
 Emotionally, you should be feeling quite good today, Capricorn. This is important since you may get thrown off balance by a strange, unexpected force. The more stable you are on the inside, the less disruption this foreign energy will cause. Keep in mind that unexpected things usually happen for a reason. There might be a key opportunity waiting for you now.
 Capricorn, you're looking forward to making a new start. Your intellect is working in harmony with your intuition. Your mind is clearer and more focused than it was, and you're thinking of expanding your horizons and creating new career opportunities for yourself. You're feeling passionate about life, ready to face just about anything. The only challenge right now is to stay grounded in reality.
 Be prepared for an emotional backlash that's likely today if you get too possessive about your romantic partner, Capricorn. Issues about freedom versus commitment could arise whether you're involved in a close relationship or not. Perhaps these feelings are simply internal and you're trying to figure out your position on the matter before you proceed.
 Try not to be too swayed by your emotions today, Capricorn. You might get in trouble if you get carried away with a drama that doesn't pertain to you in any way. Your connection to other people's feelings could draw you into a maelstrom. Keep in mind that your imagination is your life raft. Do what you can to distance yourself from the emotional trauma that surrounds you.
 The near future looks great for you, with auspicious omens for success and good fortune regarding career and money. All the hard work that you've done in the past may finally be paying off. Advancement is on the horizon, as well as increased income and much happiness. All signs are that you won't stop there. You're more likely to continue working toward new, more challenging goals.
 You're apt to move in and out of sync with people today, Capricorn. At first it may seem quite natural and easy to be in your situation, then the next minute you feel alone and uncomfortable. Understand that it's fine to have two conflicting feelings at the same time. Learn to relate to and embrace both frames of mind. Recognize them as important parts of your personality.
 Try not to be overwhelmed by the frenzied activity around you, Capricorn. Unexpected variables are popping up everywhere, and your first reaction may be to flip out. This is the opposite reaction that you need to have now. Calm yourself down and take small bites. Don't try to eat the whole eight
 Adventure is the word for today, Capricorn. A lot of physical and mental energy, as well as enthusiasm, might lead you to aim for goals that others consider too risky or unrealistic. Don't let their opinions stop you. After giving each idea an objective assessment, if you still believe you want to try, start looking into it seriously. People have probably made stranger dreams than this come true!
 You can rely on your good luck to pull you out of difficult situations today, Capricorn. This is one day when you can launch yourself headfirst without worrying too much about the outcome. There's a great deal of positive energy on your side that you may not even be able to see right now. Trust that whatever you undertake will work out fortuitously for you in the long run.
 Your sex drive is apt to be strong today. This could be the only thing on your mind, Capricorn. Every person you see may stir feelings in you, even though you may already be committed to someone. If you aren't in a relationship, this is the time to make a move. Your desire for love is strong, so you should take action.
 This is one of those days in which you can't figure out what to order for dinner. You're the official owner of the cloudy head today, Capricorn. You're waiting at the deli counter trying to figure out what you want and when it's your turn to order, you've already forgotten. Your emotions may be so tied up in your brain that you can't think straight. Try to mellow out and watch a movie.
 Today, Capricorn, your mind may turn toward deep subjects. You could explore the sciences, psychology, the occult, or metaphysics. You will probably discover some new facts or ideas that could keep your mind occupied for hours. Needless to say, you will spend much of your time alone exploring these themes. You might also want to write down your insights and revelations to study later.
 A number of different and unexpected professional and personal possibilities might have you a bit confused about which way you want to go, Capricorn. You may face a choice of some kind, but right now you aren't really sure about the direction you want to take. Don't rush it. It isn't necessary to do it all today. Wait a few days, consider your options and then make your decision.
 This is truly a day of new beginnings, Capricorn. You can start a fresh cycle of emotions and understanding that can help you develop the quality and depth of your relationships. Note that all levels of your relationships will be affected in some way. Take time to consider the fact that you're at the starting line. Focus and align yourself with your goals and the people who can help you meet them.
 You might be a bit jittery, even without caffeine, Capricorn. Sudden actions may cause people to freak out, since people will be on edge in general today anyway. Save the surprises for another time. If you need to tell your boss that you're going on vacation for a little while, now isn't the time. There's a rough edge to the astral energy. Relax to soothe your soul.
 A period of great inner transformation and powerful upheaval in your outer life is coming upon you now, Capricorn. A part of you wants to welcome it and charge ahead, while another part holds back, possibly out of fear or lack of self
 Your sense of adventure is in full swing today, Capricorn. New and unusual pastimes, travel to exotic places, meeting new and interesting people 
 It's apparent that something underhanded and unethical is occurring at your job today, Capricorn. Co
 Romance is in the air, Capricorn, filtering your vision with a rosy light. You're in love with the world today, and you're most especially in love with your partner. If you don't already have a partner, you may meet him or her today. Since you never know when or where, make sure to look your best throughout the day.
 Today you might give some thought to career matters, Capricorn. You're probably trying to brainstorm ingenious ways to advance professionally and increase your income. A number of different options might present themselves, some workable, some not. It might not be easy to put them into action, but keep trying. Obstacles always arise when you're trying something new. You will get there.
 Today you might feel as though your mind is exploding, Capricorn. If you've been studying an intellectual or spiritual subject, insights could be coming thick and fast. Concepts that never made sense to you before suddenly seem clear. You will need to write them down, because even an elephant wouldn't be able to remember this many ideas and revelations. Make the most of them!
 Some intense conversations could take place between you and a group of friends, Capricorn. These people may not be close friends when you meet up with them, but by the end of the day some of them certainly could be. You share a lot of interests with these people, you think along the same lines, and you enjoy each other's company. You will definitely see them again.
 Some misunderstandings could cause confusion at home today, Capricorn. Your natural tact and diplomacy will certainly come in handy. Artistically, you may be inspired to work on a painting or short story that's been in your head for a while. Even though you don't pay much attention to your artistic abilities, they may be responsible for some new career opportunities coming your way.
 A place far away that you haven't visited for a while yet long to see again could be on your mind today, Capricorn. You might toy with the idea of going there, but you aren't really sure if you can. Nonetheless, it certainly won't hurt to look into it. What's the plane fare? Where can you stay? Learning these facts might help later when it comes time to make the decision.
 More than one call could come today with absolutely wonderful news! Exciting and wonderful changes are in the wind, Capricorn, but you need to bear in mind that with the good news comes the unknown. Your life may be turned upside down. Consider if you really want to stay in the same rut for the rest of your life. Gird your loins and look forward to an adventure!
 You take great pleasure in a neat, organized house, Capricorn. In your mind, cleanliness really is next to godliness. Today you may be dismayed by how rundown your home has become. It's time for some clearing out, dusting, and scrubbing. Do this yourself rather than hiring help. You will be pleasantly surprised at how much it helps you clear your head.
 Today you're likely to feel rather bored, restless, and frustrated with the way your life is going now, Capricorn. You have responsibilities that need meeting, yet you have other projects that interest you a lot more than mundane tasks. As a result, you might find yourself growing a bit impatient with those around you. Don't take your frustrations out on others! Remember, "This, too, shall pass."
 This could be a hectic day, Capricorn. You will probably try to go too many places and do too many things at once. Friends might want to get together, but you may have a lot of errands to take care of. It might be a good idea to assess what needs to be done and take care of it in order of urgency. That's the only way you can stay sane!
 There's an emotional, sensual feeling to the day that is sure to tickle your heart, Capricorn. Try not to be too abrasive when dealing with others. The more serene you can be, the more doors you will be able to walk through. Be patient and don't feel like you need to be first in line. If you aren't sure of a situation, don't jump in headfirst.
 Today it may seem like you're trapped in a power struggle that you can't get out of, Capricorn. The problem is that this struggle may have very little to do with you and your actions. There's a strong, limiting force that is asking you to slow down. Try your best not to get involved with conflicts that don't concern you.
 Sudden opportunities for advancement may come your way today, Capricorn. Innovative ideas may have paved the way for you, so your skills and abilities are appreciated now. A new awareness of your objectives has made your own path clearer to you, and you may be ready to make your plans a reality. Don't be afraid to take the lead if necessary. You're a natural leader!
 A lecture given by a magnetic speaker could excite your imagination and interest you in a new and intriguing field, Capricorn. You could also learn about some books on the subject that you want to read. This could give you new motivation to pursue some cherished goals that you've let slide for a while, perhaps inspiring some writing of your own. Friends could prove supportive in this enterprise.
 Creative energy, especially involving writing or speaking, could overflow today. Ideas could come thick and fast, Capricorn, and you might want to phone some friends and discuss your thoughts. This is probably going to bring even more information your way for your mind to process! Write down what interests you most, and take a walk to clear your head. Tomorrow it should all be clearer to you.
 Be careful that you aren't manipulating a romantic situation so your partner loses any power, Capricorn. You may think your actions are noble and well meaning, but you may be creating a scenario that has no basis in reality. People could be impressionable, but that doesn't mean you should take advantage of this by promoting your own interests at the expense of another's.
 This is a terrific day for you, Capricorn. You will find that your mind and your urge for action are on the same page. The fire within you is raging hot. Use this aggressive internal urge to tackle projects that require courage, strength, and a flair for the dramatic. You will find that you're more than able to accomplish everything you want to accomplish today.
 Bonding is today's keyword, Capricorn. Relations with close friends should be enhanced by increased communication, perhaps some fascinating conversations about new ideas and exciting world events. This new intellectual rapport could bring you closer than you were before. Romantic relationships, in particular, intensify through newly discovered mutual interests, perhaps involving foreign cultures.
 A small crisis is still a crisis, isn't it, Capricorn? You can expect one in your personal life today. Since you aren't the kind of person who lets issues go unresolved, you won't be able to put off dealing with your problems any longer. Are responsibilities shared equally with your partner? Are you each making an equal effort to maintain harmony? Asking the questions is the first step to answering them.
 Your ability to find innovative approaches to tasks may serve you well today, Capricorn. Today is full of added energy and mental acuity. You will find that most things come easily. With detail
 Check out advancing your career or education today, Capricorn. The energy can favor expansion and growth. When was the last time you learned a new skill? It doesn't have to be work related. If flower arranging, skydiving, or massage therapy is something that appeals to you, go for it. Never stop looking for ways to expand your knowledge.
 If you've been feeling tired or sick lately, this will probably turn around for you, Capricorn. You may often experience moodiness, and this can be a real drain. Your emotional state can affect how your body feels. Be sure to take care of your feelings as well as your body. If there are things that need to be worked out, take care of them today. The two really do go together.
 Today, Capricorn, you may think about competition and possible future goals. Imagining and dreaming can serve you well. What did you dream about as a kid? Who did you want to become? Are you close to this in your life now? If not, is this all right for you? Take time to think such things through and, if need be, get back on the right track.
 It could be easy to get carried away today, Capricorn. You might get caught up in some excitement or base your decisions on another's word. You need to use your head on a day like this. Double
 Don't act impulsively today, Capricorn. It could be easy to confuse this with spontaneity. One has more thought put into it than the other. With this day's influence, be certain to look before you leap. Think everything through, from decisions to projects to contracts. Read the fine print more than once. When it comes to relationships, be careful not to trust too quickly.
 Are you expecting an important communication, perhaps business related, Capricorn? If it comes today, it will probably come late. If you feel you must sit around and wait for it, find something else to do in the meantime or you will drive yourself crazy. If it doesn't arrive by the end of the day, resign yourself to waiting. Don't panic. It will come soon enough.
 Love takes on an idealized and fairytale aura today, Capricorn, as you and a current or potential partner spend time alone, talking or just enjoying being together. The warmth, affection, and high regard you have for each other are apparent to everyone. The nice thing about it is that these feelings are likely to last. Look forward to many such days.
 There's a conservative veil over your emotions, Capricorn. Issues from the past might arise and rub you the wrong way. You move onward and upward by nature, plowing ahead without thinking of the consequences. Today you might be a bit more sober than usual. Look at what's worked in the past in terms of keeping your fiery emotions intact. Try not to resent the past but learn from it.
 Ancient social traditions could be a powerful part of your day, Capricorn. An emotional event concerning your family 
 Some important plans, perhaps for a vacation or involving education in some way, could be temporarily blocked by circumstances beyond your control, Capricorn. This can cause considerable upset and might even set your temper on edge. You may be tempted to take your frustrations out on others. It would be far more productive to find ways to make your plans work, even if there's a delay. Go to it.
 You might reflect on recent successes in business and money and suddenly feel a strong sense of gloom, wondering if it's going to continue. Don't panic, Capricorn. It isn't a vision of the future. It's only a temporary feeling. Work it off through exercise or throw yourself into a task. Meditation could also help. Get the endorphins going and your optimism and enthusiasm should return.
 Heightened mental powers might make you spend a lot of time reading or doing research of some kind, Capricorn. Your curiosity is especially sharp right now. You might even consider advancing your education somehow, especially since new interests have been popping up for some time. New friends in fascinating fields might also have started you thinking. This is a good time to look into this.
 You will enjoy a great deal of affection from others today, Capricorn. You radiate an air of love and beauty. Love will come in strong, erratic bursts and you should be on the alert to expect the unexpected. New people will pop out of the woodwork to share their feelings. All group activities are favored, and you're sure to be the life of any party.
 A dream or insight might find you questioning one of your long
 This is one day in which your heart pounds with excitement. For some reason, Capricorn, there's a quiet voice inside warning that you may be getting yourself into a great deal of trouble. An enthusiastic approach toward love may be necessary, but this may not be the best day to act. People are too sensitive and not necessarily that impressed with your potentially abrasive demeanor.
 If you don't understand something, ask, Capricorn. If it looks different to you, ask why that is. Your curiosity is high, especially when it comes to the unconventional, and even more if it's revolutionary. The rebel in you will feel new purpose, and you may be tempted to throw a stick in the spokes of an old carriage that continues to head down the same old boring path.
 Capricorn, you probably feel especially sexy and passionate now. You may enjoy browsing through catalogues of rich fabrics or furniture. Erotic novels could also appeal to you. If you're currently involved, you may want to spend the evening alone with your partner. If you aren't, don't be surprised if you attract someone new. Either way, you will draw admiring glances from strangers.
 Logical and focused thinking could lead to social, career, or financial advancement. Your organizational ability and industry are keener than usual, Capricorn. You're likely to be able to make sense of murky matters that might not have been clear before. Paperwork could prove challenging, but you will be able to get through it today where yesterday you might have found it too daunting.
 For a while now, you've wanted to change something about your lifestyle or behavior toward the people you love, Capricorn. You want your life to go in a new direction, but you don't want to upset the people around you. Maybe your friends and family want the same thing for you. Do away with your preconceived notions about things and let yourself go with this idea.
 If people say that you're stubborn when you're just determined, let them talk, Capricorn, and do what you need to do. However, when you think you're being determined but you're actually being obstinate, you may want to listen to the people around you. They don't tell you to calm down because they're jealous of you but because they care about you. They may not know that you hate to lose.
 It may be difficult to get people to listen to you at the moment, Capricorn. The people around you may even be annoyed at hearing all of your new ideas. The stars are pushing you to change your tactics before you alienate everyone. You won't get anywhere unless you're cleverer about getting your ideas across. Be subtle and you will have more success.
 Members of your household may feel a bit restless today, and therefore might spend most of their time out and about. You might take advantage of everyone's absence to catch up on work you need to do alone, Capricorn. This is going to be a busy day with lots of outside contact. Visitors might drop by and the phone could ring constantly. Don't be surprised if you don't get much done.
 Good fortune continues to come your way, Capricorn, and your life may finally seem to be moving in the direction you wanted. Today, however, you may feel frustrated by a lot of minor, if somewhat bizarre, upsets. Dropping things, losing objects you just had in your hand, forgetting names 
 Temporary upsets regarding money might result from a computer failure of some sort. Take care not to lose your temper over it, Capricorn. Instead, remain calm, focused, and polite until everything is worked out. Your financial condition itself still looks very promising. It's just that the planetary energies don't favor machines today, so they may all go out of whack. Hang in there.
 A subject that fascinates you could occupy much of your time today, Capricorn. Questions may arise about this subject that you want answered now. Therefore, you could get into some in
 Intuition and imagination combine with good common sense to enable you to accomplish just about anything today, Capricorn. If you're into the arts, ideas could come to you in profusion. It will be easy to bring them into reality with a stroke of the pen or brush. The only problem might be deciding among them. It might be a good idea to sequester yourself and concentrate on your work.
 Today you might feel the need to get as much done as possible. You're especially energetic, Capricorn, and you have stamina and focus, and so you should be able to accomplish whatever you want. Tasks and chores you may have put off finally get done today. Don't work too hard, however. You will want to save some energy for tomorrow.
 Is there a secret you're obsessed with unveiling, Capricorn? Something strange could be going on in your neighborhood, or it might be an intellectual puzzle. Whatever it is, you're determined to discover the truth. You may do things you wouldn't normally do. Don't be too pushy with questions. Confine your research to books, newspapers, and the web. You can find a few clues without alienating anyone.
 Your innate sense of adventure is active today, Capricorn. Travel is on your mind. You and some friends may kick around ideas for an unconventional trip to an exotic place, such as sailing to Tahiti. The urge could pass, but it might not. Do some research and find out what your options really are. It might not work out as you visualized, but a little adventure could do you some good.
 A high level of self
 Romance could be on your mind today, Capricorn. This could be due to a recent wonderful encounter with a love partner. Since then, listening to romantic music may have enhanced your feelings. You will want to schedule another meeting, but you might hold back because you don't want to seem pushy. Go ahead and call your friend. You might be pleasantly surprised by the response.
 An upset between you and a friend might cause you to wonder what you did wrong, Capricorn. Chances are you were just in the wrong place at the wrong time. Your friend may have money problems and be too embarrassed to talk about it. Wait a few days and call again to see how things are. Your friend will feel more like talking, and all should be OK between you.
 Group activities or social events could put you in contact with a new, exciting person. You could feel a strong physical and romantic attraction, Capricorn. If you aren't currently involved 
 Today you might have thoughts of expanding your horizons, perhaps on a monumental level, Capricorn. You might consider traveling or even moving to a distant place. Returning to school for an advanced degree could also be a possibility. Your mind could be on expansion less for financial gain than for personal growth. This is good, because the latter often leads to the former. Go for it.
 The day ahead will reenergize you after these last few days of apathy, Capricorn. Anyone who tries to hold you back today had better watch out, because you won't be in the mood to tolerate any objections. You refuse to be restrained. This is an excellent time to reinforce your reputation as an excellent coach. It's clear to all that you're the captain of your crew.
 Has the opposite sex always been so attractive? Today they seem especially so, Capricorn, and capture your attention right and left. One person, in particular, you've always considered a platonic friend, but today seems interested in you romantically. Perhaps this person is just picking up on your vibes. He or she may make a wonderful partner, so don't immediately dismiss the idea.
 This is your lucky day, Capricorn, and you can expect all sorts of wonderful surprises. You may enjoy a financial surprise or someone could propose an interesting and potentially lucrative project. Take advantage of any opportunities that come your way today, as all signs indicate that new ventures will ultimately prove quite profitable.
 There's someone you've wanted to meet for a long time, Capricorn, and today you might have the opportunity to introduce yourself. This could be a potential romantic interest, a teacher you've wanted to study with, or someone interesting you might like for a friend. Sparks are apt to fly between you. Don't hesitate, for this encounter could affect the rest of your life in some profound way.
 Today you might be constantly engaged in deep, intense thought, Capricorn. There probably isn't a specific matter that you're concerned about, but you may find that a number of different fragments of information capture your attention and get your mind going. Don't write this off as crazy behavior. Write down your thoughts. They may prove useful later.
 You may find it hard to take a realistic approach to your emotions today, Capricorn. A sensitive issue may pull on you, leaving you feeling like you're out in left field in the way you relate to others. You might want to consider letting someone else take the lead for once, allowing you to regain your equilibrium before the next decision needs to be made.
 If you've been hoping for a lucky break, Capricorn, this is the day it might come, especially if it involves love and romance. Or you might have been hoping for acknowledgment on the job, in the field of education, or by someone who means a lot to you. Whatever breaks come your way are likely to move you emotionally. You won't be the same. Have a great day.
 Today you could resolve to work harder than ever on whatever it is that brings the results you hope for, Capricorn. This is likely to involve nothing more glamorous than practical tasks, such as getting paperwork out of the way. Nonetheless, by the end of the day you should feel satisfied with your accomplishments. If nothing else, it should free you for more interesting chores.
 Expect a busy day, Capricorn. You're likely to spend a lot of time in the car running errands and paying visits, perhaps related to projects. A number of phone calls might have to be made to friends or members of a group with which you're affiliated. This might involve sharing good news or exciting information that can lead to intriguing conversations. The day could be stimulating as well as busy.
 Communications with friends should go well, Capricorn. You have what it takes to express yourself clearly and honestly and give information without confusing the issue. Group activities or work done in the company of others could bring the results you want. You might have to spend a lot of time on the phone or on the computer sending email, but you will get a lot done.
 Today you should feel especially optimistic and enthusiastic, Capricorn, although you may not know why, at least at first. Later in the day some good news could come your way, possibly involving business and money. This should tell you that you were intuitively picking up on something wonderful. As a matter of fact, your intuition should be high for most of the day. Make it work for you.
 Worries about money might plague you today, Capricorn. They might have little, if any, basis in fact, as you're probably fretting over possibilities that aren't likely to ever manifest. A little caution with regard to budgeting and spending today certainly won't hurt you. It's best to be objective and see the situation as it really is. Otherwise, you could make yourself crazy over nothing.
 New friends, new goals, and new attitudes could all appear on the scene, Capricorn. Unexpected developments within a group are likely to require reevaluating a course of action. This is probably a positive development, and it could be exciting, but it's going to mean some immediate adjustments. As your mental energy is still sharp, this shouldn't be too difficult.
 You may experience increased physical and mental activity today. Perhaps you will have to do a lot of reading or writing very quickly, make a number of phone calls, or run more errands than you have time for. This can prove frustrating and overwhelming, but if you plan carefully, Capricorn, you should be able to get it all done on schedule. Get busy and go to it.
 Today you might not feel secure about your financial situation, Capricorn, and get a little nervous. Disconcerting information in the news about the general state of the world economy might have planted some unsettling seeds in your mind. On the whole, you should be pretty financially stable now, and this trend is likely to continue. Check out the facts before giving in to panic.
 Even though everything is going well for you, Capricorn, a sudden upset of some kind, probably involving money, could throw you into a momentary panic. You may wonder if your good fortune is going to end as quickly as it began. This probably isn't the case. The situation is temporary. With a little effort, you should be able to straighten everything out and put yourself back on track.
 Your financial success over the past several weeks may seem too good to be true, Capricorn. It might make yet another leap forward. This should make you happy. It also could bring up your insecurity over whether or not this cycle will continue. It probably will for a while. It might be a good idea to save or invest you money, just so you can feel more secure in the future.
 Your sensitivity is especially heightened today, Capricorn. You're in tune with your emotions and more sensitive to your dreams. Realize the importance of friendship and show someone you care by initiating an outing or intimate dinner at your home. You have greater self
 You should be in a warm and romantic mood today, Capricorn. You will want to schedule an intimate evening with your partner, but you probably won't feel like staying in. You desire an evening out, perhaps to a restaurant, concert, or play. Regardless of how you usually feel, tonight you won't have any reservations about showing affection in public. Enjoy your evening.
 You will experience an intense amount of energy today, Capricorn. Your dream state will be more active than usual, and you will find that people are drawn to you like moths to light. Make sure you keep your fiery emotions in balance and don't cross any boundaries with others. People have limits, and it's important that you honor theirs as well as your own.
 Your emotions may feel restricted today, Capricorn. You may feel bad about something you did in the past. Somehow your heart isn't able to let it go. Work to overcome this by realizing that this is only a briefly passing trend and that you probably are feeling much worse about the situation than necessary. Don't be so hard on yourself.
 Issues may be clouded today, Capricorn. The things that seem real may actually be illusions. You might find that you feel a bit more reserved than usual and that you want to hold tight to your material possessions for comfort. Keep in mind that other people are extremely important to you now and you would benefit greatly by offering your hand to those who are less fortunate.
 Watch out for a jolt in the action, Capricorn, as someone close to you puts on the brakes in a relationship. There could be conflicts based on a need for more structure and stability in the partnership. The imbalance between having fun and taking care of practical matters is currently working to slowly destroy the good thing that you have going. Nip this problem in the bud.
 Take a step back today, Capricorn, and sink into a light and dreamy fantasy world that is pleasing to you. You will find that beautiful objects and sweet fragrances catch your attention. Go shopping or indulge in a gourmet meal. The time is right to keep things open and social. Have fun and focus on your partnerships with others instead of your tendency to lead or dominate.
 You may feel a bit lazy and unmotivated today, Capricorn. It could be hard to drag yourself out of bed. In terms of love and romance, there's apt to be some tension, as one part of you wants to make plans while another part is feeling up in the air and in the clouds. These two different viewpoints might make it difficult to make a move in any one direction.
 There's a need for decisive action today, Capricorn, and you're the one fit for the job. Strong wills and forceful opinions will win out. Others aren't likely to be easily manipulated. Everyone has a voice and they won't be afraid to use it. Make sure that you speak up on your behalf or your best interests may be lost. Stand up for yourself. It's now or never.
 The planetary aspects are going to have a big impact on you today, Capricorn. This isn't the time to fear the future. Rather, it's a time to make it happen. The action you take right now will be instrumental in your future. Will there be enough of us walking toward the future? Capricorn will be at the head of the pack in any case, as always.
 It's time to take some time out of your busy day for your personal life, Capricorn. One of your family members or friends may need to talk to you, and you need to listen attentively to what they have to say. You need to use all your wonderful energy to get down to the heart of the matter. Who knows? You may discover some hidden treasures along the way.
 You tend to think of yourself as a lone warrior, Capricorn. Today your efforts over the last few weeks pay off. You've found your place in a group of people. You may even call it a family. You now have a place to come home to, whether it's to celebrate your victories or lick your wounds. If you could just open up to other people, you'd soon find that you have more than one safe haven.
 There's a lethargic pace to the day that might leave you frustrated, Capricorn. It may seem as if things aren't progressing as quickly as you'd like. Don't be seduced by the idea that everything needs to get done sooner. Faster isn't necessarily better. Focus on quality and efficiency. Examine what could be considered wasteful action. Streamline your daily routine.
 Now isn't the time to prove to people that you're the boss, Capricorn. They would surely become defensive. You're much better off taking a sensitive, nurturing approach on a day like today. Focus your fire internally and use it to drive your own engine. Don't run over anyone else in the process or try to run their engine for them.
 Get excited, because this is going to be one great day! Everything will go your way. It will seem as if you simply can't lose. At work, team members look to you as the leader. At home, family members express gratitude and affection. You may be tempted to try this luck at the casino, but don't be impulsive. You're already a winner. You've earned this shining moment.
 There's a carefree, almost childlike atmosphere to today that suits you just fine, Capricorn. You've been working extraordinarily hard lately and need to relax and unwind a bit. This is a day for doing cartwheels across an open field. You aren't the only one who feels this way 
 You may feel a bit sluggish today, Capricorn. Your warrior spirit would rather stay home on the couch than get up and fight. This is fine. You may simply need a break from your quest for world domination. Remember that a good leader also takes the time to sit back and reflect on recent events in order to make better plans for the future.
 Listen to what other people say to you today, Capricorn. There are valuable experiences waiting around the corner. The important thing to do now is recognize opportunities when they arise. The road to success isn't always well marked. Take a chance on the road with no signs at all. You have the courage and pioneering spirit to pursue the adventurous route, so go for it.
 Today you will be able to explore the power of your emotions. Don't try and fight what you call your "oversensitivity." A force from childhood will permeate you and help you to find out what your real needs are. Shouldn't you think about staying away from people who influence you a little too much? Think about it and go with your emotions.
 Today's planetary positions urge you to assert yourself, Capricorn, but take care not to take this encouragement too far. You have a tendency to go a bit overboard when making a point. There are times (and this is one) when subtlety is more powerful. Try being low key and open rather than uptight and defensive. You have a warm personality, so why not let others experience it?
 You can't spend all your time running from one activity to the next, Capricorn. You need to take a break from time to time. You have all the energy you need, but you should think about relaxing yourself as a whole. Your body may need its batteries recharged. Pretty soon you will be in the thick of the action and you will need all the energy you can get.
 Things should flow extremely well for you, Capricorn. Load your engine with extra fuel, because you will be burning red hot. Don't let anything stand in your way. By all means, fight for what you need. There's a great deal of power behind your emotions, and you will find that the intensity of your feelings is real and courageous whether you're laughing or crying.
 Give it a rest today, Capricorn. Recharge your batteries. Stick close to home and take a load off your feet. Convince someone to give you a massage, or better yet, go to a professional. You deserve a break. Once you're restored, consider all the ramifications of whatever actions you take before you start. Plan your moves carefully. Be strong and decisive not rash and frantic.
 The earlier portion of the day is apt to flow much more smoothly than the later part, Capricorn. You should get things solidified right off the bat, if possible. Things will be a bit more relaxed and free flowing in the morning, but become a bit more restrictive as the evening sets in. Don't go to bed without making a plan for what you want to accomplish over the next few days.
 Try not to be too arrogant today, Capricorn, even when you're utterly sure you're right about the given situation. More than likely, you have the correct answers, but it isn't necessary to be strident about it. Unexpected events are coming your way, and you may find that someone is toying with your emotions. Be on guard for people who may want to ruffle your feathers.
 There's apt to be tension between your heart and your general mood, Capricorn. Your romantic nature will incline you to adopt a selfish, impatient attitude, while the prevailing tone of the day calls for peace and balance. Try to maintain an equal amount of give and take. There's enough love to go around. Don't feel like you need to be possessive in order to maintain others' loyalty.
 The weightiness of the past few days seems to be lifting. You will find a slight breeze building that will help fuel your fire, Capricorn. By building a solid foundation, you've created a reliable launching pad from which to take off. Communicate what you've learned with others. Allow your opinion to be heard. A great deal of useful information will be exchanged.
 Calm down and get centered, Capricorn. This is an extremely sensual day that's likely to pique your emotions. You're apt to receive input from each one of your senses, so keep these channels open and available for new information that's trying to break through. Don't be hasty. You're better off taking a reserved, receptive approach today.
 A sudden, irritating interruption in your routine could come your way today, Capricorn. A friend may need some advice, and you could feel obliged to give it, which would put your own projects on hold for a while. Don't be too irritated with this person, however. You might regret it later. You might also have some troubles with computers, cell phones, or other forms of technology.
 A new friend could arrive today, Capricorn. You're probably going to like this person very much. He or she probably shares many of your interests. You could become close friends. The downside is that you aren't likely to see anyone as they really are, only an idealized picture. When you meet this person, make an effort to see the real person behind the mask and accept them as they are.
 Someone you think of as a friend may prove less than trustworthy today, Capricorn. There are indications of deception all around you. Perhaps someone is keeping something from you or telling outright lies. Don't be too suspicious of anyone, but check the facts of a situation before you take someone's word for anything. It's always best to do that anyway.
 Capricorn, no one has ever accused you of being overly diplomatic. In fact, since you have no compunction about saying what you think, your mouth regularly gets you into trouble. It's true that your verbal outbursts often relieve tension in tight situations, but there are times when kind words are a more effective way to get a point across. Why not try it?
 Don't try to control what happens today, Capricorn, because you won't be able to fathom what's going on. How could it be otherwise when collective currents are interfering with your life? You may do some soul
 You will find that the more peaceful and understanding you are today, Capricorn, the better off you will be in general. Doors will open and people will welcome you with great fanfare. Be the diplomat instead of the warrior. Focus on the positive aspects of the equation instead of the negative. Luck and prosperity will come your way when you have this attitude wherever you go.
 You will find that discipline, organization, and a bit of a dramatic flair are exactly the things needed to be successful today, Capricorn. Just because you have to be practical doesn't mean that you have to be stern and grumpy. Remember that taking care of serious matters can actually be fun as long as you maintain a positive attitude about the situation. A smile goes a long way.
 Latch on to the expansiveness that comes when you connect with others in the social arena, Capricorn. Communication is a key part of the day. You will find that if you go with the flow, you will land exactly where you need to be. Take the adventurous route and feel free to skip around from one thing to another. There's no need to pin yourself down to only one way of doing something.
 You're apt to be in a romantic mood today, Capricorn. Your whole being may revolve around love and romance. You will find that your romanticism is heightened. This is a terrific day to snuggle up to a loved one and share intimate moments and passionate kisses. Pamper yourself with a hot bath and feel free to go out on the town.
 Someone you've known for a long time may move away or otherwise vanish from your life. He or she may move to a distant state. You'll probably stay in touch by phone or email, but it will never be the same, at least not for a long time. You will feel better if you meet some new people. They will come your way today, possibly through humanitarian group activities.
 You took off like a bullet a few days ago, Capricorn, making great progress in a short amount of time. But now you're grappling with doubts that are undermining all your energy. Reflecting on the events of the past few days, it's obvious that you were somewhat reckless in your headlong pursuit of your goals. Don't give up! Just rethink your strategy.
 Emotionally speaking, you're probably doing quite well today, Capricorn. You have extra self
 There's extra aggression in your world today, Capricorn. Realize that this is probably due more to your reaction to a situation than to the situation itself. It could be that you're in conflict with someone just because he or she wants harmony while you have a propensity to fight. This paradox is likely to be detrimental to your psyche unless you make an effort to change it.
 Act without hesitation today, Capricorn, especially if you're following unfamiliar directions or exploring new territory. This may not seem like the best advice, but this is a day for saying an unflinching yes to all manner of proposals that come your way, even if some are unclear. Capricorn excels at this type of test. Expect to be at the head of the class by the end of the day!
 People sometimes say that you're a little aggressive in your approach, Capricorn. But today you feel a little tired of leading the charge on the battlefield. You can learn a lot from your friends who can teach you to think of things in relative terms without allowing yourself to become emotionally involved in every situation. Try to relax for a change!
 You might feel a great deal of physical power on a day like today, Capricorn. If someone asks you to come help move a couch, you're likely to be able to pick up the whole thing by yourself. Don't sell yourself short. You have more internal strength than you reveal to others. There's no need to hide it any longer. Feel free to make use of this great power you possess.
 Financial issues may interfere with your self
 Feel free to stand up for yourself, a cause, or another person today, even if you know it will cause tension among the others around you. A heated argument is likely to ensue, and it wouldn't be surprising if you were the catalyst. Passionate debates are right up your alley, so use this as an opportunity to demonstrate your courage and strength in what you believe.
 The day ahead should give you an opportunity to analyze the events of the past three weeks, Capricorn. You will draw many important conclusions about your love life. You may conclude that matters have evolved little, if at all. This is discouraging, to be sure, but don't place too much trust in appearances. Remember, things aren't always as they seem.
 Information could come your way today that starts you thinking about new and revolutionary ideas. Perhaps they involve modern technology or social and political issues. Opportunities to meet new friends who share your interests could come through group activities. You should be feeling especially curious and optimistic about the future, Capricorn, and whatever exchanges with others you have are likely to set your mind buzzing.
 Is discipline high on your list of priorities lately, Capricorn? You're undoubtedly trying to inject some order into your daily life, and your behavior could benefit from some adjustment as well. Whether it concerns food, hygiene, or simply the intensity of your daily rhythm, it's possible that you will notice a real improvement today.
 It's time to get what you need, Capricorn. Your desires don't always go in a direction that does you the most good, and this can cause tension. You feel as though it's impossible to combine your desires with what is good for you, notably in your love life. You wrestle with whether you should remain in your "creative" cave or share your life with someone. It doesn't have to be one or the other.
 Often fiery temperaments like yours are drawn to fight for great causes despite the better judgment of more down
 Your plane is fueled, your bags packed, and you have clearance from the control tower, but for some reason, Capricorn, you just can't seem to get off the ground. Perhaps there are details of the trip that you haven't taken into account. People are firing questions at you, and you don't have all the answers. This is especially true when it comes to matters of love and romance.
 Don't be surprised if you feel a real need for some breathing room today, Capricorn. As much as you enjoy the company of others, you need to have time to yourself as well. See if you can work in a private space or simply shut your door. If you need to move in order to be alone, hop in the car and go. Irritability is a good indicator of when you need to get away from the crowd.
 Chances are good that you will feel strong and confident today, Capricorn. It's a good time to try something you've never done before. You might be the right person to get things started, especially if it's about something you want to see changed. If you've never run for office before or taken a leadership role in another area, consider doing this. You have the power and popularity to make a real difference.
 A desire to be creative could have you experimenting with various kinds of artistic disciplines, perhaps in connection with computers, Capricorn. At some point today you could be in the right place at the right time, receiving just the right help from someone who can point you in whatever direction you want to go. Ambitious plans could fill your head and keep your mind buzzing. Make a list! It might help.
 Your energy is probably high today, almost to the point where you feel you might be able to run a marathon! Seriously, Capricorn, you're probably thinking in terms of getting out of town for a while. Exercising or participating in sports could also be appealing. You might direct some of this energy into creative projects. Take care not to overdo it. You could still get too tired.
 It's possible that you're trying to do too much, Capricorn. If look at the days you spend working, you may realize that too much of your energy goes to some very meager results. Today, consider taking some time off to take advantage of life. Why not go out for a nice dinner with friends, or even better, go on a little vacation? Try and let things happen. You deserve time just for you!
 You may feel like the brakes have been slammed in the romance department, Capricorn. Realize that this doesn't mean you have to stop having fun. Laughter and good times are in store for you today as long as you don't get hung up on the slow pace of your love life. You can have a good time while taking things one step at a time. Savor each moment. Don't try to rush to the next.
 It's time to get yourself together. You have a tendency to be all over the place. You need to channel your energies into something you really care about. Tell yourself how proud you would be if you could get this done. Don't give up and don't change directions on your way. Stay focused!
 In a series of days that have tested your patience to the limit, here comes the moment of truth that could make or break you. You can expect a high
 Don't expect to meet the partner of your dreams today, Capricorn. Rather, your romantic hopes are likely to meet with frustration. It would be better to devote your energies to something more realistic, such as your financial situation. It probably does need some attention, wouldn't you agree? If you redirect your energy, the rewards are more likely to be forthcoming.
 Don't spend beyond your means today, Capricorn! If you happen to be in a crowd of enthusiastic shoppers, it could be disastrous for your finances if you get caught up in the frenzy. On the other hand, perhaps you owe yourself a reward for all your hard work. Is there a gift you could give yourself that doesn't involve money? Time, perhaps?
 Your aggressive attitude is likely to start a fight that might be difficult to settle now, Capricorn. There are extremely stubborn forces at work, and you may find that no one is willing to budge from their position. The thing that is apt to make this even more difficult is that people may misinterpret certain pieces of the puzzle. Try to bring understanding to the situation instead of more aggression.
 You will likely find it difficult to keep your mind on serious matters with today's playful planetary energies, Capricorn. You're in the mood for romance, and you want to make sure everything is in place for a flawless evening out with that special someone. You have the sexy outfit and dinner reservations, and that's just for starters. No wonder you can't concentrate, with such an amazing evening to look forward to.
 In navigating the seas of your emotional life, Capricorn, you may feel as though you've made a great effort over the past month. You've been available and conciliatory and have done your best to maintain harmony. With today's celestial energy, you want to be more spontaneous. The enterprising and reckless you has returned!
 You may have doubts over the next few days, Capricorn. Don't make any important decisions about your future during this relatively unproductive period. If someone in your professional or personal life asks you to make more of a commitment, you may be tempted to put on the brakes without really knowing why. Wait a while before answering this kind of question.
 Uncertainty about spiritual matters and doubt about your insights might have you down in the dumps today. Don't try to force any solutions 
 Things may get a bit difficult in your romantic life because of someone in the partnership who isn't necessarily taking a very realistic approach to the situation, Capricorn. There's a bit of a power play going on as someone tries to throw their weight around without considering the other person's feelings. Tension is brewing, and you'd be wise to deal with it now.
 Someone has suddenly put the fan on high, Capricorn, and papers are blowing everywhere. Neat piles whisked into large swirls of chaos. Everyone is shouting opinions about what should be done about it. Meanwhile, there are people making demands on you that you just can't handle. Slow down and communicate your situation to others. They will understand and support your predicament. The wind will die down soon.
 You may have the perfect plan all laid out, Capricorn. You've communicated to the right people, you've traveled to the appropriate spots to gather data, and you have all your resources in line. For some reason, however, every time you start to implement this plan, you run into emotional difficulties that seem too challenging to surmount. Don't let this block you from your dreams.
 A new opportunity could come your way today, Capricorn. There's no promise or guarantee, but there is an indication that if you devote yourself thoroughly, your chances of progress are pretty good over the next month for any activity that you begin today. Keep up the good work and keep smiling! The latter action is as important as the former.
 Meticulous and sincere effort on your part may have led to a recent increase in income. Today you might be thinking of reworking your budget. While others might throw caution to the wind at a time like this, today you might go too far in the opposite direction. Be careful and realistic, Capricorn, but don't be overly frugal. You've worked hard to get where you are and you deserve a reward.
 Success in a project you've been working on could mean you want to go out and celebrate. You might feel guilty about doing it, but go ahead, Capricorn. Order a glass of wine and dessert! Tonight is the night to forget work and go for sheer, unadulterated pleasure. You have the break coming. Your efforts are finally being recognized, and you're on your way. Enjoy your good fortune!
 An old friend you haven't seen for a long time may suddenly resurface, perhaps at a party or group event that you attend. This could take you by surprise, Capricorn, but you won't be any less happy to see him or her again. Surprising news may come to you through email or phone, and this might set you off in a totally different direction from the one you started in this morning.
 A conflict between your responsibilities to family and obligations to friends could rear its ugly head today, Capricorn. You might want to attend an event but need to deal with emotional issues in the home immediately. It could be difficult to keep a cool head under these circumstances. If you can, you should find a way to satisfy your family and go out. Step back and be objective!
 Sudden lucky breaks could come your way today, Capricorn, possibly through friends or groups with which you're involved. A long
 Worries about money could be on your mind today, Capricorn. A check you've been expecting may not have arrived. Perhaps a project you've taken on is taking longer to complete than you thought, and so expected funds are delayed. The key word to remember here is "delayed." It's late, not cancelled altogether. Be patient and don't waste any more time worrying!
 Too much pressure on the job could have you feeling like chucking it all and going somewhere by yourself. You might be tempted to go on a spending spree or overindulge in food or drink. This may spill over into your personal relationships, causing disagreements with friends or family. It might be a good idea to be alone for a few hours, Capricorn. You will feel much better once you clear your head.
 The day's energy is apt to be lively, making it much easier to get the things done that you need to do, Capricorn. You will find people are more than eager to help you. The trick is to integrate your leadership abilities with the knowledge available from other people. You will create a winning combination of power and strength to put to use in just about any realm of your life.
 You might consider taking a rest today, Capricorn. Like a sailboat on the ocean, you've been taxed lately by all the turbulence. The pressure on you has been tremendous. Think about pulling your sails to half
 You might need to put on the brakes today, Capricorn. Your present trajectory isn't quite in line with the people and energy around you. Make sure you aren't stepping on other people's toes with your abrasive behavior. This is a day to consider a more disciplined approach. You might need to establish a better structure so you use your energy more efficiently in general.
 You have two choices today. Either jump into the thick of the mess with both feet or stay out of it altogether. There are definitely two distinct camps setting up their arsenals for battle. Realize that there is also a soft, tender, harmonious aspect that just wants peace. It will be hard to ignore the fact that your usual warring nature is ready to do battle.
 Powerful thoughts are running through your brain. You will find that this information can be transforming, Capricorn. The key is to learn from others and incorporate opposing viewpoints into your state of mind. Don't automatically disregard the opinion of another just because it contradicts your own beliefs. Teamwork is the name of the game on a day like today.
 There could be an unexpected tension coming out of nowhere today, Capricorn. More than likely your emotions will be running at a high level. It could be that your aggressiveness and assertiveness start to annoy others. People might snap suddenly. Don't be surprised if things come without much warning. There is a fast
 Chores that need to be done around the house could be at the top of your priority list today, Capricorn. A female visitor, perhaps your mother, could come by and making your place look great will preoccupy you. Don't do any more work than you absolutely have to. You won't want to be too tired when she arrives.
 You took off like a bullet a few days ago, making great progress in a short amount of time. Now you're grappling with doubts that are undermining all of your energy. Reflecting on the events of the past few days, it's obvious that you were somewhat reckless in your headlong pursuit of your goals. Don't give up, Capricorn. Rethink your strategy.
 You've probably had few periods when business and finance have gone well for you, Capricorn. Now this trend seems to be coming to a head. Today you might start or close some type of agreement that will make a big difference to your finances. Your money situation should not only improve but also stabilize at a level higher than it's ever been. As long as you're diligent, this growth should continue.
 A very welcome sum of extra money could come your way today, Capricorn, possibly out of the blue. You might want to put this money to work for you in some way, perhaps investing it or purchasing supplies or materials for personal projects. You should feel especially positive where your resources are concerned, and confident in your ability to earn.
 Your mind will be especially quick and active today, Capricorn, and you're likely to want to spend much of the day involved in intellectual activities like reading, writing, or teaching. Communication with others should be a powerful part of your day, so you will probably spend time on the phone. You will want to write down many of the ideas you hear. You will find most of them interesting and want to remember them.
 Expect some delays, upsets, and unexpected turns when it comes to romance today, Capricorn. Jealousy may rear its ugly head, as you may at some point get the impression that your beloved is noticing someone else. Bear in mind that there's a strong chance that these impressions are illusory, and that the truth may be totally different from the way things seem. Take care to stay focused. Reserve judgment until you know the facts.
 You might be feeling rather insecure when it comes to your peace of mind, Capricorn. Because of the insecurity, it may seem like your relationships are on the rocks. At the same time, having problems in your relationships is making you less likely to trust these close partners with your insecure feelings. Talking about your emotions in an honest manner will help you break out of this difficult situation.
 Your coals have been smoldering for a while, and there is a great deal of smoke pouring from your blackened embers, Capricorn. The good news is that there's apt to be a great gust of wind today, acting as the catalyst that ignites the flames. You've provided the heat and the fuel. The missing element of air is finally coming your way, so be prepared. The fire is apt to heat up quickly.
 When it comes to matters of love and romance, you may need to tone things down a bit, Capricorn. An aggressive approach now may drive your loved one further away from you instead of drawing him or her closer. Remember that love is a two
 Love and personal relationships are likely to take on a much dreamier and more romantic tone now, Capricorn. Your eyes are apt to sparkle as you speak or even think of the person you care about the most. The unmistakable glow that surrounds you is likely to attract others to your side even if you aren't in the market for a romantic relationship right now.
 You've been very busy, professionally and socially, and now you're probably longing for a romantic encounter. If you're currently involved, you should schedule some time alone with the special person in your life. If you aren't involved, don't be surprised if someone new appears on the scene. You could fall in love at first sight or an old friend could suddenly look different to you. Make sure you look your best!
 Suppose you were someone else for a day, Capricorn. How would it feel to be treated the way you normally treat other people? This is a good time to put yourself in someone else's shoes and experience life through their eyes. By doing this, you're apt to become more conscious of your own actions and the effect of those actions on the people around you.
 Today is one of those days in which you will be bursting at the seams to share big news with your friends, Capricorn. Perhaps you just received an important package or piece of information and you can't wait to spread the news. Be careful about who might be lurking around, however, because there could be others listening in. They may not necessarily be acting in your best interests.
 People would be foolish to challenge your thinking now, Capricorn. The power behind your words is volatile, and you may find yourself going to extremes in order to get your point across. Be careful about making promises you can't fulfill. It could be that you're so adamant about your point of view that you make up hyperbolic situations just to get your ideas across.
 Are you single, Capricorn? If so, today you might fall in love at first sight. You may have been frustrated lately by the lack of available, interesting people, but today you could meet someone who seems too perfect for words. And you can rest assured that the attraction is mutual! If you're already involved, you can expect a revival of the fairytale romance between you and a significant other.
 This is a good day for sharing friendship with pals and co
 Your thoughts today are likely to turn to setting goals for the future, particularly concerning your career. While you've made a lot of progress in recent months, you'd like to see even more forward movement. This would be a great day to start thinking of concrete ways to make that happen, Capricorn. Why not have a family brainstorming session? It's likely to yield some great advice.
 Too many phone calls and visits may be on the agenda today, Capricorn. You might also have a few last
 Are you going to go away soon, Capricorn? If not, you may be planning a trip for another month, perhaps going for educational purposes, such as to attend a workshop. You might have agreed to some overseas business travel. You should feel especially energetic, enthusiastic, and optimistic now. You've done well thanks to your diligent work, and you should continue on that path.
 A journey may be in the works right now, Capricorn. Many changes have been occurring in your life for a long time, and they continue today. They might involve group events or educational activities. This may be something you've anticipated for a long time. Your energy, enthusiasm, and excitement are high. You may be too restless to sit still. Try to get some exercise at some point.
 You'll do some serious soul searching today. Which goals have you achieved and which ones have gone unattained? Be honest as you reflect on past months. Could you have done things differently? Would you like to do things differently in the future? You'd be well advised to write down your successes and regrets. Use the list to keep you on track. It's bound to be a great help to you.
 Love matters have been going well for you recently, Capricorn, but today you could be alone and unable to reach a current or potential romantic interest. This could bring about a twinge of the blues, which up until now have passed you by. Don't waste time feeling down. Find something to distract you until your friend can come around to see you and you can have a little fun.
 A reassessment of your financial goals may be needed now, Capricorn. Some of your expectations may be unrealistic, and you might need to look at them in a more practical light. This doesn't mean they won't happen, just that they're apt to take a little longer than you'd like. Think of it as an opportunity to develop patience. Rework your budget and hang in there!
 You're in a great position to reap the rewards from all your past hard work, Capricorn. In the coming weeks you'll be able to realize important gains in your career and personal projects. Not only should you see significant advancements in your work life but you'll also achieve greater personal happiness. You have great momentum, so keep it up and you'll realize your goals.
 Matters involving communication seem to be fouled up, Capricorn. Messages may not get delivered, emails may not go through, and people might misinterpret your words. This could create a mess that brings everything to a screeching halt. You need to speak to people directly, give detailed instructions, use simple language, and make sure they take notes, or beware of the consequences!
 You might have the chance to meet new people in interesting fields, perhaps from foreign lands, Capricorn. Your conversational abilities are at an all
 If you've put in your time and done your homework, this day can prove very rewarding, Capricorn. Watch out for incredible opportunities hiding nearby. You have a great deal of physical energy today, although you may find it erratic and a bit out of control. Break free of anything that seems to be binding you. Shed the chains and live the way you want to live.
 Have you been having difficulties with career or money matters, Capricorn? If so, help might come today from a friend who lives far away. This person may not do much but offer words that are so insightful that you know immediately what course of action to take. What this person says could also be of valuable assistance in the future. Write it down so you'll be sure to remember it.
 You may feel especially warm and loving, Capricorn, and romance could be on your mind. Time spent with a love partner from another state or country might seem especially appealing. This is a great day to schedule an intimate evening alone with your friend and see where it takes you. All signs indicate that your friend returns your feelings, and you might end up just where you want!
 If you're musically or artistically inclined, Capricorn, today you might have visions or melodies in your head that simply cry out to be written down. If you're a writer, you may be filled with story ideas. Whatever your creative interests, inspiration abounds. It's a good idea to start working on these projects today or they could disappear.
 Other people's indecisiveness could leave you feeling frustrated and stuck today, Capricorn. Realize that you can overcome this by pushing past them. Don't feel like you need to wait for others to make up their minds before you act. Do what you need to do and others will catch up when they're ready. You aren't responsible for the well
 You're in a fun
 This is a day of fresh beginnings for you, Capricorn. Accomplishments in the past foster a new sense of self
 Something you might have wanted to keep between you and a few trusted friends could inadvertently be revealed, perhaps to the wrong people. Frustration and a sense of betrayal could plague you, but don't turn against those who knew. Even though this can be disconcerting, you can learn from it. Benjamin Franklin said, "Two people can keep a secret only when one of them is dead."
 This is a time when you're likely to feel especially idealistic and hopeful. Spiritual experiences may have you on cloud nine, Capricorn. Your intuition is also strong. You might consider taking a trip to a distant state or foreign country, perhaps one associated with a great spiritual tradition. Wait a day or two and talk it over with friends before making any arrangements.
