 Leo, you may discover today that you have a talent for something you've never even thought about before. If you always stick to what you know, how will you ever experience anything new? Trying this unexplored area doesn't mean you have to excel in it. As long as you're completely absorbed and having fun, you'll enjoy a positive experience. Don't shy away from this. Go with it!
 Feed your mind today, Leo. The day's energy supports growth and expansion, so why not see about learning about something you're interested in? Challenge yourself by reading or taking a class. There are plenty of online subjects to engage you. Find something that interests you that you can do in your own time.
 Upsets among family members in the home could drive you to escape it all and throw yourself into your work, particularly creative projects of some kind. This might be the right course of action, Leo. The situation isn't permanent, and perhaps the others in your household simply need to work things out for themselves. In the meantime, your work will give you satisfaction and perhaps even advancement.
 Something out of the ordinary may appeal to you, Leo, especially if life seems dull these days. Nothing says you can't indulge yourself as long as what you're considering isn't dangerous or something you'll regret. To bring some excitement into your life, just think through the means of attaining it. Perhaps all you need is to try a new sport or go out this evening.
 Don't go overboard, Leo. You may get so carried away in the early part of the day that by evening you notice you've gone beyond your own boundaries. Regret may sink in, and you may feel guilty about things you said or did. Prevent this by thinking things through before speaking or acting. You have the power to impact people on a deep emotional level. Use this power wisely.
 You have an intense nature. You probably feel things deeply and spend time lost in thought. Too much intensity can take a toll on your well
 Jealousy might rear its head today, Leo. The key to coping with it is to understand why you feel insecure. If you're jealous of a partner, why is this? Is trust an issue? If this comes up at work, is it because you don't feel recognized for your contributions? Examine the cause of jealousy. It's almost always a symptom of a deeper problem.
 You may feel like you're being tested in some way, Leo, like you're on trial and must defend yourself, including what you believe and how you operate. This feeling is unsettling, but soon you'll realize that it's strengthening in many ways. Questioning your behavior patterns is healthy, so open up in a way that you may not have considered before.
 Don't assume that the person you're trying to reach is getting your messages, Leo. Perhaps you've been waiting for a reply, thinking that this person has blown you off. Maybe this person doesn't understand the question you're trying to ask. When it comes to matters of love and romance, you're going to have to spell things out.
 Some paperwork might need attention today, Leo. You may also be on the phone a lot. Communication should be clear, open, and honest, so you'll accomplish exactly what you need to. An intimate and loving conversation could take place between you and a close friend or lover who might follow up with a visit to your home.
 Frustration may set in early today, Leo, but things should pan out for you as the evening approaches. Once you deal with an issue, let it rest. There's no need to keep revisiting an old dispute just because you want to prove you're right. If people don't agree the first time around, they probably won't agree the second or third time either.
 If you've been thinking about investing, Leo, this isn't the day to start. Not only would there be delays in processing your investment but it also probably won't pay off the way you hope. Read about the options open to you and then consult with someone knowledgeable in a few days. Think about it and then if you're so inclined, go ahead. Don't do it now!
 Have you invited some friends over for a celebration tonight, Leo? If so, your guests are going to keep you hopping! That's all right. The day is filled with love and joy. Entertaining them is your way of expressing your appreciation. If you're romantically involved, you and your partner can celebrate privately after all your visitors are gone. Relax, let go, and enjoy your party!
 Money matters are likely to be advanced today through your intuition and inner power, Leo. You may get a hunch that your idea for bringing in some extra money just might work. At least look into it. Don't let anyone talk you out of it until you know the facts. You might also rediscover a neglected talent that you could find quite useful at this time.
 A sudden feeling of love for your home could catapult you into redecorating, Leo. News could come your way of sudden good fortune involving a family member. This is likely to affect the entire family in some way, so while you're happy for your relative, be glad for yourself, too. Don't be surprised if you feel a touch of envy. You're human, after all.
 You may need to spend a lot of time in the car today, Leo. You could hit traffic and miss some of the people you need to see. Irritations could quickly turn to anger if you aren't careful. Park your car and walk to some of the places. This will get you out of the crush of cars and work off your frustration at the same time.
 Recent overindulgence may have you to feel a bit under the weather this morning, Leo. Avoid coffee and other stimulants. Try to sleep in if you can. Too much stress in your life certainly isn't helping. This malaise could pass by noon, but if you've been doing this a lot lately, you need to ask yourself why and find a way to quit doing it.
 You might have some important work to do at home, Leo, but unexpected visitors might have other ideas for your day. Don't get angry or frustrated. Explain what's going on politely but firmly, and make arrangements to meet your friends later. They'll probably understand so there's no need to try to play host when your mind is somewhere else.
 Stay busy today, Leo. Keep your mind occupied with basic tasks that need doing. You can accomplish a lot by multitasking, writing down a plan, and sticking to it. There is no shortage of things that need to be done so stop procrastinating. If you feel stuck on something, don't be afraid to ask for help. Friends and co
 Just when you thought you had everything figured out and planned correctly, another obstacle appears, Leo. Your first reaction may be to get upset. Rage won't help. You can't always control everything. There are bound to be surprises. Plan for what you can, but know that there are often unknown forces working against your aims. Watch out!
 If you get asked to lead a team in your personal or professional life, jump at the chance. Today you will get all the support you need, Leo. Don't be afraid that you're not good enough. Things will come together without your having to do much at all. Besides, you already know that people are on your side!
 This is just the kind of day you like, Leo 
 You're probably looking for new objectives in your career and personal life, Leo. Today you'll get the opportunity to share some dynamic ideas with new people. If you can, you should try to set up regular meetings with them. This could be your new group for brainstorming. These new friendships could be very productive in terms of personal fulfillment.
 Your ego is strong today, Leo, and you have a strong will. This is a good time to put your plan for world domination into effect. Be sure you channel your powerful emotions into positive outlets. Create rather than destroy. Energy that isn't used in a positive way will end up manifesting as accidents or hostility toward people who don't deserve it.
 Passions may run high, Leo, and you could be right in the thick of things. Today may be a bit more intense than usual. Conflicting energies will butt up against each other in your head, and you might need to make an important decision now. You've done all the prep work you need to do. It's time to act.
 Ask for what you need, Leo, and you will get it. Don't wait around for the rewards to come to you. This is one of those days in which actions speak louder than words. Don't expect others to read your mind. If you want something, go after it. There may be an element of the unexpected working its way into your day so be on guard.
 You pick up information quickly, Leo. Someone only needs to explain something to you once for you to grasp the concept. Your questions are concise. No one can accuse you of not paying attention to his or her words or actions. At the same time, you may be too sensitive to the information around you. An overload of stimuli could eventually overwhelm you.
 Remember that it takes energy to repress and bottle up your feelings, Leo. Without realizing it you may be stuffing a great deal of emotion inside while trying to ignore it. The truth is that expressing these feelings 
 Your dander might be up today in reaction to someone's strong opinion. You don't want to back down, Leo. The fire burns hot within you. Use this power wisely. Try not to use it in an aggressive, manner toward those you don't want to offend. Watch your back and keep your energy pure. You have the power to affect quite a number of people.
 Your emotions are likely to be pulled to extremes, Leo. A key aspect of today is communication, and it wields a great deal of power. People are fighting for knowledge today so be sure of your facts before you start tossing them out there. You'll command respect from others, thanks to your solid commitment to the truth.
 This is one day when you feel on the edge of either an emotional breakdown or a triumphant epiphany, Leo. To ensure a positive outcome, don't take yourself too seriously. There's a degree of intensity to the day that's likely to make everyone feel they're wound up like a spring. One careless move could set off disaster. Do what you can to ease the tension rather than add to it.
 Things that have been building for a long time suddenly come to a head today, Leo. Strong, slow
 Be more optimistic than usual today, Leo. It's important that your intense emotions don't bog you down. You may lose sight of important facts. Maintain a healthy relationship between you and reality. You may find that your head is in the clouds and you're slowly slipping into some netherworld that has nothing to do with you. Don't get thrown off course.
 Situations and people with strong opinions about how things are done may impede your trajectory today, Leo. Issues of love and romance may be the most affected by this tense energy. The key is to remember that everyone isn't your enemy. Try not to get paranoid about this. Do your best to take a relaxed approach and have confidence that things will work out fine.
 Today you may be inspired to have a little fun with your looks, Leo. You may wish to change your haircut or experiment with different colors or styles of clothing. It would be fun to get out of your routine, even if it just means donning funky sunglasses or bright Hawaiian patterns. You will feel lighter and more flirtatious.
 Don't get too emotional about a situation today, Leo. You could feel a sinking feeling, but if you go that route you may end up in a pit of emotional quicksand that's hard to escape. Make sure you have a friend to talk to so you're prepared for whatever you might encounter on your emotional journey.
 You may feel an urgent need to use your physical energy, which brings up the question of sports in your life, Leo. Do you get enough exercise? If not, this could be a good time to join a gym. Even better would be participating in a group sports activity. Find one you like and get moving.
 Romantic desire tempers spiritual passion today, and you may want to pursue both, Leo. Perhaps your romantic partner is as spiritually inclined as you, and you aspire toward the same ends. Much of the passion you feel wells from deep within. So if you're creatively inclined in any way, you may want to memorialize these feelings through writing, painting, or music.
 You might be quite stirred by the general energy today, Leo. "Stirred" may be too light a word. Put on your armor and get ready to do battle. Others may cower when they see what's going on outside, but you will want to jump into the fray. Strong emotions are the weapons of the day. Everyone knows that you have a strong arsenal in this department.
 Try not to be so serious and intense today, Leo. Walk with a lighter step and don't feel like you always need to be in control of every single thing you contact. Take on an attitude of going with the flow and you will be right in the place you need to be. Extreme actions will lead to extreme consequences. There's no need for that sort of behavior on a day like this.
 Flexibility is an important part of today, Leo. Take a relaxed, laid
 You have a romantic soul, Leo. Today your thoughts are on love and romance. You may be thinking of that special someone in your life, grateful that you've found each other. Or you may wish you had someone important in your life and spend a good part of the day plotting how to find a mate. If you're serious about settling down, draw on all of your resources to make it happen.
 Put your aggressions away today, Leo. Laugh a little! Transform your energy from intense, hard, and caustic to lighthearted, fun, and loving. This will take you a long way. Little things may crop up that could disrupt your daily routine, but a warm smile is all you need to defuse any frustration or negativity.
 There's a squeeze on your emotions today, Leo, which might leave you feeling like a pot of boiling water. Just by knowing there's a lid on things, you're likely to heat up even faster than usual. Try to hold your temper. A rage will get you nowhere. Concentrate your energy on getting your material affairs in order. Deal with finances, investments, and long
 People may want to talk a great deal, but they're avoiding their feelings today, Leo. Put your emotions on the back burner and let your mind take over. Deal with the facts and make sure your emotions don't interfere with the information you receive. Things can get clouded if you don't stay true to the communication that's taking place. Be conscious of the impact of your words.
 Why me? You may feel like you ask yourself this question more than anyone else, Leo. Your life may seem like an intense roller
 Things are slipping into place quite nicely for you, Leo. Your persuasive manner and gentle nudges are enough to get people where you want them. Control is all yours if you want it. Remember that as you accept praise for success, you also need to be willing to accept the blame of failure. Any risks you take today will probably work out in your favor.
 The intensity of the day may bring unexpected opposition, Leo. Whether it's verbalized or not, the confrontations are quite real. Don't underestimate a loved one's emotions. Stand up to these issues and be realistic about their solutions. No one expects you to have all the answers, so don't pretend to. We're all human and we all make mistakes.
 Desire is the name of the game today, Leo. If you want it, you can get it, but it won't come easily. The prize will go to the person who desires it the most. Show the people around you how much you can accomplish. You will impress others with your incredible drive and determination. Don't fall victim to the wasp that could sting you.
 Don't let things stagnate, Leo. It's time to take action. See how far rather than deep you can go in everything you do today. Cover a wide range of topics and pick up a magazine or two. Take a break from your usual emotional intensity and enjoy the sunshine and the light conversation. Keep it all energetic and upbeat. Take action when you see that things are lagging.
 Tension may arise today, Leo. It's possible that you're either too dreamy or too practical to deal effectively with the issue. It's important to strike a balance. The toughest part will be finding others who agree with you. The people you're in conflict with aren't likely to budge from their position. You may have to be flexible in order to reach a compromise.
 Don't automatically think that beauty has to be defined by old
 The day doesn't begin until you clear your head and take stock of some pending personal issues, Leo. You might be making mountains out of molehills. Realize that there's a path for everybody. Put your stinger away today. It's powerful, but it won't do any good. Keep your power under wraps. Concentrate more on the mundane tasks that need to be done. Why not make a list?
 Expect to minister to the needs of colleagues and family members today, Leo. People may need to draw on your insight into human nature in order to understand themselves and others. Your common sense could prove invaluable. In the process of sharing your wisdom, you might also shed some light on emotional situations of your own. You could surprise yourself.
 This is an excellent day to tell people exactly how you feel, Leo. Your emotions are more stable than usual, so open up and speak from the heart. Listen. What you learn will be valuable for the future, so pay attention. Keep an eye on what is real, but let your heart explore all the possibilities. Follow your emotions and trust your instincts. You stand to gain a great deal.
 You tend to enjoy solitude, Leo, but today you might feel more reclusive than usual. Friends could invite you out, but you aren't likely to accept the offer. You might even feel a little irritated. This is a great day to work out or throw yourself into your own projects. Your concentration is good and the physical activity will get relieve the stress.
 Today you may put a lot of energy into your romantic relationship, Leo. The astral energy is encouraging you to focus on romance. Give your significant other a special gift to show how much you care, and spend some time alone together. Any romance initiated or advanced today is likely to prove stable and long lasting. Don't let fear stand in your way. Move ahead.
 People close to you might be a bit worried about you, Leo. Too much work and socializing might have you feeling less than your usual self, and perhaps even a little feverish and headachy. If so, this is a good day to take time out, stay home, and rest. Don't worry about sabotaging your success. It will continue. Take a break and your body will reward you with greater clarity and concentration.
 Professional interests might temporarily interfere with your social life, Leo. This might cause a little friction between you and a close friend or romantic partner. Your friend is more apt to want to brood than discuss it with you. Don't worry. This person will come out of the funk and be more understanding. Explain the situation the best you can and then continue with your work.
 You could have heightened psychic awareness today, Leo. You will probably notice it first when you pick up thoughts and feelings of family members, perhaps coming up with the same words at the same time. You may notice this phenomenon more throughout the day. You might experience visions or powerful premonitions. Make the most of this ability. It can increase your understanding of others.
 A close friend or romantic partner may seem in a rather quiet mood, Leo, and disinclined to communicate with you. You might wonder if this person is angry with you or if you've said or done something that wasn't OK. It's likely that what's bothering your friend has more to do with work, family, or money than with you. Just make it clear that you're there if needed.
 Some hidden problems in your house could suddenly appear, Leo. This could involve plumbing, electricity, or the walls. Repairs are definitely indicated. It's best if you see to them right away rather than wait. The problem will only escalate if neglected. It's probably better to call in professionals than to try to do it yourself. Things like this are a drag, but they happen.
 If you tend to be a little anxious about solitude, Leo, it doesn't necessarily mean you're dependent on the people close to you. That isn't the only contradictory thing about your behavior. You tend to want to bring people together while keeping your distance. From now on, you should try to be a little clearer in your relationships.
 It may seem like people aren't taking things as seriously as you'd like them to, Leo. If so, take it as a hint that perhaps you're the one who needs to lighten up. Life is a game. In the grand scheme of things, we're merely specks of dust floating in space. Our lives are but the blink of an eye in relation to the universe. Don't take yourself so seriously.
 Inflated egos might block your progress today, Leo, so be on the lookout for people trying to get a bigger slice of the pie than they deserve. Be realistic in terms of how you allocate resources to people around you. Someone may be trying to take advantage of your generous spirit. Use your detective skills to get to the root of the problem and make any necessary changes.
 A close loved one may express displeasure with the way things are, Leo. Maybe there's some tension in the air. Things could get rather explosive. There's a feeling urging others to act, a certain restlessness that demands that you take action. Unfortunately, this action is likely to meet with opposition if you aren't careful.
 Things should go well for you today as long as you can keep the drama to a minimum. You can jump over any hurdle in your way, so don't worry about a thing. You have a sharp, intuitive wit about you that's grounded in the real world. Take care of the details and plan your next big move. Clean, organize, and throw away things that no longer serve you.
 Tension may build today from all directions, Leo. Everyone may seem to be operating as part of a great conspiracy against you. Don't get paranoid. This scenario is most likely far from the truth of the matter. Try to embrace change and don't treat it like an enemy. Outdated ways of doing things may get in the way of important progress toward success.
 Haven't you wondered how it would feel to be omniscient, Leo? Well, today you're about to have this experience. You will have the energy of ten. People will come to you and ask for your guidance. You will easily find the solutions to their problems. Today the world belongs to you.
 You're a real charmer. None of your friends can resist you, Leo. Today you should try to put the finishing touches to your personality. Indeed, you will be able to benefit from the planetary alignment as you interact with others. You will look for a little more authenticity in your personal and professional relations.
 The stars will compel you to clarify your position within the collective, Leo. You have a lot of power when you're part of a group, but you're sometimes clumsy about communication. You can't always succeed. The planets' positions will have a beneficial impact, and you will tend to put your life under the microscope.
 Your emotions are more peaceful and easier to control today, Leo. It's almost as if you're merging with the energy around you. The one thing to be careful of is indecision. When it comes to taking action on something and you aren't sure which way to go, you'd do better to hold off. Make your big move some other day.
 Latch on to what your mind has to say today, Leo. More than likely, your rational brain knows the right way to go. Your mood may dictate the action, but let your brain handle the steering. Don't get overly worked up over nothing. Tempers may rise in heated debates over what is and isn't fair. Be part of the solution, not the problem.
 You may be anxious to say what's on your mind today, Leo. Words are on the tip of your tongue and you aren't afraid to let them spill out. Be careful. There's a danger you will put your foot in your mouth. Your words may come across as harsher than you intended. Be sensitive of other people's emotions. Don't unload your problems on others.
 People aren't going to want to be quite as intense as you require today, Leo. Things are light and airy. You may find that no one is in the mood to delve as deeply as you want to go. Use the day to relax and release control for a while. Take deep breaths and long walks. Go for a bike ride or short road trip. Crazy, unexpected events may crop up throughout the day. Be prepared for surprises.
 Nothing will escape your attention today, Leo. Your sixth sense is right on target. Your mind is razor sharp and emotions extra sensitive. You will move through this day with your radar fully intact. You're like a detective cutting through to the core of every issue. You will be able to get quite a bit accomplished with very little effort. Things will naturally flow your way.
 Think about old times and people with whom you've had strong connections, Leo. Remember the good times you shared with people of common interests and similar hobbies. Be sentimental and mushy. Mend bridges and bring resolution to sticky issues. Be harmonious with the people and situations around you. World peace begins with you. Incorporate more of this ideal into your life.
 If anyone is capable of dealing with the intense emotional energy of today, it's you, Leo. Other people may be angry and unable to stomach the sensitive issues that may arise. Take care, since there may be some major opposition coming at you that disrupts your plans. You will face a practical, grounding force that questions your methods of operation. Use these lessons to your advantage.
 If you meet someone new today, Leo, break him or her in gradually. Don't spill all the beans at once. Let the person warm up to your intense emotional nature before you unleash it full force. People are going to need their space, so make sure you allow enough room for emotional and physical freedom. Think about taking a long trip or short vacation of some sort.
 There may be a great deal of opposition in your way today, Leo, but try not to dwell on it. The key is to stay levelheaded and maintain a positive outlook. This is a day in which you can bring a great deal of balance to issues by understanding and respecting the other side. Have charity for those who are making sacrifices so that you may have a more comfortable ride.
 Today you may have difficulty connecting with others, Leo. People may be unnecessarily harsh for no reason. Try not to get too emotionally worked up over any slights. Keep a safe distance between you and the drama around you. The next step you take might send you into quicksand, so make sure there's a good friend nearby to pull you out.
 Focus on your creative mind today, Leo. This is a fertile time to plant seeds that will surely grow up healthy and strong. You have the ability to be prosperous now, but it won't come easily. The key for you now is to stay cool. Don't overreact to the little annoyances that come your way. You're beyond petty squabbles. Don't waste your time with them.
 Have fun today and don't be so serious about anything, Leo. This is a good time to lay low and enjoy the scenery. Go to a movie or see a play. Go to a party and celebrate. Dress up in your most attractive garb and go in for the kill. This is a day to be talkative, lighthearted, and social. Heavy emotional issues will only weigh down the positive mood.
 Nothing seems to be clicking the way you want, Leo. Your rational mind tells you that things are fine and you have the green light to proceed with your plans. But there's a small voice inside you that's suggesting otherwise. Perhaps you have an inkling that your plan is flawed in some way. Perhaps you're ignoring a certain pain in your heart by keeping it secret when in reality you need to let it out.
 Today heralds the beginning of a very agreeable period. You will be especially happy, Leo! You will project confidence, clarity, and charisma wherever you go. You used up a lot of your reserves during the last few months. You've made it to this stage just in time. Certainly you'll agree that this is something to be celebrated!
 You may find it hard to sit still today, Leo. People may pull your chain right and left in order to get a rise out of you. Whatever seems grounded and solid may end up being flimsy and detached. Beware of where you step. The ground is apt to give way with little warning. Your appetite may be ravenous, but it's likely there won't be nearly enough nourishment to satisfy you.
 You may be a bit unclear about your professional direction today, Leo. Your motivation has disappeared without warning. What happened? It may be that you need to become involved in projects that have more universal resonance. Projects that concern only your interests or that are of narrow scope no longer hold your attention.
 As much as you try to explain things, Leo, others simply aren't going to see them with your same intensity and do
 Your dreams are more than just random firings of neurons, Leo. They can indicate unresolved issues, stress, deep desires, and lost memories. They can prove instrumental to understanding yourself and solving problems. Keep a dream journal and you can access the power within your subconscious and all you can learn from it. Examine your recent dreams. See if there's something you need to recognize.
 In a philosophical or political conversation, you don't hesitate to offer your thoughts, Leo. Your examples may be extreme, but your principles are sound. You may get in over your head before you know it and suddenly need an escape route. Your first reaction may be to change the subject. It's better to admit you don't know the answer or don't understand the question.
 The astral energy says there's a time for everything. We tend to repeat certain tasks we like doing, while those we dislike we try to get out of the way as quickly as possible. It seems reasonable, but the Universe reminds you that you should make as much space in your life for what you don't like as for what you do, because each task is related to the other in some way.
 You're terrific at following through with projects, Leo, but perhaps not so great at starting them. Today is the perfect time for you to prove this theory wrong. There's a great deal of force out there to help you boost your rocket off the launching pad. Take advantage of this energy and get to work on things you've been meaning to start but haven't gotten around to yet.
 If conflict arises in your world, Leo, you must keep in mind that there is no one else to blame except you. Keeping your sights set on one goal is useful as you concentrate all your energy toward that one thing. At the same time, you may be losing perspective on what's going on around you. Make sure you continue to be a team player by keeping an eye out for the people in the wings.
 Why do so many relationships seem to come with built
 You're apt to feel a bit wilder today, Leo. There's a wave of powerful energy working to strengthen your ego and self
 Spiritual passion is tempered by romantic desire today, Leo, and you're likely to want to pursue both. Perhaps your romantic partner is as spiritually inclined as you, and you both aspire to the same ends. Much of the passion you feel wells up from deep within. If you're in any way creatively inclined, you may want to memorialize these feelings through writing, painting, or music.
 You might have visitors, Leo, or even a hot date scheduled for tonight. By midafternoon you might feel too tired to go out and wonder if you should cancel. It's best to keep your activities low
 This is the beginning of a new cycle, Leo. There will be new issues cropping up over the next several days. You may have to rethink certain principles that you've adhered to in your relationships up until now. Upon reflection, you find that you no longer agree with them. It seems that the conventions and social graces required by society are weighing you down.
 Leo, today's your chance to stand up to family members who want to exert too much control over your love life. It's time to bang your fist on the table and say, "Enough's enough, I'll love who I want to." When you insist that well
 The day may be somewhat oppressive, Leo. It's possible you will receive some unpleasant news related to your domestic life. Perhaps in the past few years you haven't been especially careful about your home budget. Or you may have postponed an important maintenance task for too long. While this may not be the day the roof literally falls in, it's time to take care of repairs.
 Disconcerting developments in the lives of family members could cause some stress at home. There could be some problems with the structure of the house itself. Perhaps the plumbing or electricity needs attention. If a family member is upset, Leo, keep the lines of communication open. If there are problems that need attention, get them out of the way now.
 You're likely to experience a day of thoughtfulness and reflection, Leo. Your state of mind will resemble that of a person who has just rebelled against everything and is now in search of a new vehicle for self
 Confidence and efficiency are the day's themes. Do you long to bring your romantic involvement to the next level? Do you wish your partner would consent to a more profound commitment? You can take advantage of the energy from today's aspects to give your future a gentle nudge in the right direction, Leo.
 Some minor but annoying communications could interrupt your routine today. You won't appreciate the distraction, Leo, but it's best to take care of whatever it is and then go back to your tasks. You might have to spend part of the day running errands. Traffic might have you frazzled. Spend the evening relaxing at home. You've worked hard and you deserve it!
 You may be running into obstacles associated with your goals. You may feel you aren't getting the support and cooperation you deserve. Today you may sense that people are emotionally distant, with shallow views on certain issues. People you expected to be on your side may turn against you, making you feel betrayed. Try not to take things personally.
 This is an expansive time for you. You can make great progress on your goals, Leo. The key is to clear up any miscommunication or dishonesty before you move forward with a clear conscious. Don't even bother trying to make progress before you've cleared up past cobwebs. Keeping everything on a light, flexible track will help you work more efficiently.
 If you're experiencing emotional upheaval, Leo, you may take heart in knowing that other people are going through their own emotional turmoil as well. You will know that you aren't alone in your quest for emotional stability. Share your feelings with others instead of shutting them up inside. It will help you feel better.
 Minor ailments may awaken a new determination to improve your health. You feel especially energetic today, Leo, so you might go to the gym. Just don't overdo it. You might also be considering several changes you'd like to make in your home or workplace. Give them careful thought before moving ahead.
 It's time to stop acting like you think others want to see you act, Leo. The planetary configuration confirms that it's time to express yourself 
 Upsets and disappointments on the part of a family member could have the household in an uproar. Problems with household equipment could throw a monkey wrench into everyone's routine. On days like this, it's best for everyone to get out and distract themselves. Movies, sporting events, and museums can help relieve the stress.
 Is it possible you're too demanding, Leo? Today's planetary aspects may be asking you this question. You're choosy about the people you spend time with, and you have a tendency to ask them to go too far for you. Sometimes you have trouble knowing your limits where other people are concerned. You might want to think about this.
 There are days when a little humility can be good for you, Leo, and this might be one of those days. It's as if the planets are talking to you about sincerity and taking you far away from the trappings of superficiality and popularity. The things that are important to you today are much deeper concepts of humanity and compassion.
 You have an excellent day ahead, Leo. It's likely to open new horizons for you at a time when the future may have seemed bleak. If old issues related to your family resurfaced some time ago, they may be resolved in a surprising way today. In any case, this is an ideal opportunity to seek answers from your ancestors.
 Do you have some drawings in a drawer, Leo? Since last month, or possibly before, you've been thinking about your creative ability. You have a habit of turning your back on your skills, whether in drawing, photography, or writing, but they're in you nonetheless. People will expect more of you! All you have to do is take out a brush or pen and you will be on your way.
 You could be a situation in which you have to make a decision about a relationship, Leo. Perhaps old demons have come back to haunt you about your freedom, and now you have doubts. Don't listen to the doubts, because if you do, you may regress ten paces in your emotional life. Roll the dice and decide.
 Today you might receive some uncomfortable intuitive signals from one or more of your friends, Leo. Perhaps someone doesn't feel well but came out to play anyway. Sensing the tension in others could save you some grief, as people may be stressed and likely to lash out over nothing. It's best to focus on solitary pursuits if you can.
 A small amount of money might come your way today, Leo. It could be a gift, dividend, or bonus. You may want to squander it on gifts for yourself and others rather than put it to more practical use, which is perfectly fine! Books may be especially appealing, particularly those on new spiritual or metaphysical ideas. Set some time aside for a little reading.
 You have some very urgent desires, but they remain a secret to everyone else. In solitude, you cultivate your interest in philosophy and mysticism. Today, it's as if you're absent from the world. Your body and actions are in the real world, but you have gone so far into yourself that it will be hard for people around you to get you out! What incredible concentration!
 You may be asking certain questions about your feelings, Leo. Do you know about the trap that many people get caught up in 
 Today is meant for socializing and connecting, Leo. Your creativity is at an all
 You've been working especially hard lately, Leo, and today you may begin to reap the benefits of all your hard work. Some project that's dear to your heart may be nearing completion, and even you are impressed by the results! All those naysayers who said it would never work are now looking at you with admiration and respect. Give yourself a pat on the back for your accomplishment.
 Physical pleasure may be at the top of your priority list today, Leo. You might want to go to your favorite restaurant and have a great meal, including wine, appetizers, and dessert. Or you might feel especially energetic and want to take your partner for a complete spa treatment. Whatever your desires, exercise some restraint You can get too much of a good thing!
 Today an article or TV show may set your mind spinning in the strangest directions. You could finally acknowledge your fascination with the occult, or perhaps discover an interest in dream interpretation. Let yourself indulge in your interests. Sometimes you don't take the time to pursue subjects that you don't deem "serious." Go ahead and explore your dark side!
 Don't underestimate the power of other people today, Leo. They may seem flighty and scatterbrained on the outside, but underneath you will find that they have a great deal of wisdom to share. It might take some probing on your part to draw this wisdom out, but once you do, the outpouring of information will richly reward you.
 Your ship comes in, Leo. Don't be surprised if you find a big, fat check waiting for you. Who knows what you've done to deserve such kindness? Don't question your good fortune 
 You may be privy to some important knowledge, Leo. Perhaps an article gives you the impetus you need to invest in a promising stock. Perhaps you learn a famous person is coming to town to give a lecture. If your heart starts to race the minute you hear the news, this should be all the motivation you need to take the next steps. Good things are bound to come your way if you do.
 A treasured possession might be missing somewhere in the house today, Leo. No matter where you look, you won't be able to find it. This could stimulate your determination, and you might end up searching for hours. The object is in the house, but it's probably under something, perhaps in a place you would never dream of looking. Check the biggest rooms in the house.
 A family member may withdraw from you, Leo. This person appears to be going through a private emotional crisis and isn't apt to confide in you now. Your inclination could be to push it, but this could be a mistake. Give him or her the chance to share with you when the time is right. Sometimes we need to work things out for ourselves. Be patient.
 Innovative art forms might seem especially appealing today, Leo. Stay out of gallery shops unless you're prepared to take home a carload of merchandise. If you're more into music, you might break the bank downloading tunes to your MP3 player. This could be a new phase in your artistic tastes or it could be a longstanding trend. Whichever it is, have fun!
 If you feel slighted today, Leo, don't shut yourself off from the situation. It may seem like everyone has ganged up and turned against you. Either that, or they all want to be your best friend. Things are always extreme for you, with no in
 Something you feel you desperately need right now is missing, Leo, and it's very well hidden. You may search the house for it and drive yourself crazy in the process. Do you really need it that badly? If so, sit for a moment and try to collect your thoughts. If you can't, leave it for now. You may find it by chance or through a sudden insight. Relax and hang in there!
 You're at risk of feeling emotionally overwhelmed today. Don't worry, Leo, it will all work out. Take some deep breaths and apply your intellect to the situation. Prioritize and organize. You will find that steadily and systematically you can conquer your obligations. Take time off to pay attention to your family. You deserve some quality time.
 Today is a good day to join a group that shares your interests, Leo. You will find comfort in numbers, as well as some real intellectual stimulation that comes from discovering new things with like
 A dip in the stock market might cause you to worry about your own financial future, Leo. You may have some investments that could be temporarily negatively affected. Bear in mind that such events don't necessarily reflect future trends. Take steps to create some kind of safety net if you wish, but don't assume the worst. The market could go back up tomorrow!
 Your aesthetic sense may increase, Leo, leading to the discovery of an artistic talent you may not have known you had. You could decide to develop this talent, possibly by enrolling in a class. A current or potential love partner might decide to come with you, creating a new venue for bringing you closer together. This should prove very exciting.
 Whether or not you're artistic, Leo, inspiration for music, painting, writing, or other creative projects could come to you thick and fast today. Write down your ideas. There could be so many you may not be able to remember them all. You will definitely want to draw upon them later. At least one could involve a new business enterprise with a partner. Take notes and do your research.
 You may be a bit unclear about your professional direction today, Leo. Your motivation has disappeared without warning. What happened? It may be that you need to become involved in projects that have more universal resonance. Projects of a narrow scope that concern only your interests no longer hold your attention.
 Some long
 A business enterprise with a friend might seem a little shaky today, Leo. You could alternate between enthusiasm and gloom regarding this project. It's probably a good one and could lead to the success you want. Don't make any negative judgments about its future based on what happens today. All should be progressing again within a few days. Hang in there!
 Take control of your power today, Leo. Strip any excess baggage out of your life. Things are coming to a critical climax now. This isn't a time to back down. If anything, it's a time to push the limits even further. Look to the future with the same perspective you had as a child. Rid yourself of jaded thinking and a clouded mind.
 Today may seem like one of those days in which everyone but you has a perfect life, Leo. Realize that no one has a perfect life. Everyone is plagued by demons of some sort. And it isn't wise to compare yourself to others anyway. The more you do, the more you simply set yourself up for failure. Find that sense of love and fulfillment within yourself.
 There may be subtle messages in people's words today that you need to attend to, Leo. Other people could be trying to send you hints in order to push your buttons. Confront them on this behavior. Don't ignore the subtleties in their voices. Tender, loving messages may be laced with thorns intended to provoke you. Don't let this action go unnoticed.
 The more you try to control others, the harder it will be to get what you want, Leo. People with equally strong wills are making it known they won't be bullied by your manipulative behavior. If a straightforward approach doesn't work, let it be. Perhaps the situation wasn't meant to develop the way you wanted. Trust that things will work out for the best whether or not you get your way.
 A desire to make a big purchase might tempt you to overextend your credit cards and clean out your savings, Leo. You aren't usually one to act on impulse, so don't do it today. Make the purchase if you really feel you need it and it isn't going to cause any major setbacks in your financial situation. That way your pleasure in the item won't be offset by guilt.
 A family member may be absent without explanation, Leo. This might worry everyone, and not without reason. It's best to stay calm and phone friends, colleagues, and anyone who might know where this person is. All is probably well. Your family member has probably been preoccupied and neglected to let anyone at home know what's going on. Hang in there!
 If you had to score your life right now, it would have to be a perfect ten. You look great, your career is going well, and your domestic life is harmonious. Could there be anything more to life? Don't think so. You may receive news of more success at work when an important sale comes through or a project is successfully completed. You have much to celebrate, Leo!
 An unexpected event might cause you to be temporarily separated from your partner today, Leo. Confusion about the incident and your mate's role in it might plague you. You might doubt his or her motives. If so, it may be best to talk and clear up any suspicions. Letting such thoughts sit for even a short time can create challenges for a relationship. Deal with the situation now.
 It's bad enough having too many cooks in the kitchen, but when those cooks argue not only about how to cook the meal but also about how to design the kitchen, you know you have trouble on your hands. Tempers are likely to flare today. Everyone has an opinion about how you should decorate your home. Whoever pays the mortgage gets to make the final decisions. That should settle it.
 Don't be surprised if you get a sudden windfall today, Leo. It may come in the form of cash. More likely it will be an opportunity of some kind. Perhaps a business partner has suggested you branch into a more lucrative area. Perhaps you decide to go into business for yourself. Whatever it is, you're bound to succeed. From business and creative standpoints, this is a most auspicious time for you.
 A memory, dream, vision, or meditation could trigger a rush of spiritual energy, Leo. As a result, you might want to jot your experiences down so you won't forget them. Try not to dwell on it too much. This isn't the time to be reclusive! The process won't stop. The insights should continue to come. Keep up your studies and meditation and you will go on growing indefinitely.
 Today you should be asking yourself a lot of important questions, Leo. The Universe is pushing you on your journey of self
 Career matters might prove frustrating today, Leo. You're aiming for a specific goal of some kind that you're anxious to reach, but it seems to hit one setback after another. Hang in there! Persevere and keep pushing. Whatever it is you're trying to attain, you will get there. It's just going to require considerably more time and effort than you originally thought. Keep on pushing!
 Sudden positive developments regarding the family could make a big difference to your future if you make the most of them, Leo. A family member could have a lucky break of some kind and need your support. You might be in the right place at the right time to meet the right person. These things can be wonderful, but they're fleeting. Take advantage of them now or they will disappear.
 A group you're associated with but have been neglecting may be on your mind today. You might want to fulfill your obligations to it. You could also consider completing a long
 You may feel tension in your world today without really knowing why, Leo. This feeling of conflict may have your stomach in knots, making it difficult to deal with anything or anyone in a rational manner. Try not to take everything personally when people disapprove of your actions. Their reaction is to your behavior, not necessarily to you as a person.
 Don't act like you have all the answers today, Leo. This attitude will get you nowhere. Remember that everyone you encounter has something to teach you, so don't disregard that homeless person on the street. The looks you exchange with a stranger may make or break your attitude for the afternoon. Maintain a positive demeanor instead of a sour one and you will be quite successful.
 Get out of the doldrums and enjoy life, Leo. The situation is such that if you remain stagnant for a little while, you will soon sink into a spiral of depression and downward thinking. If you stay afloat and focused on your dreams, you will remain active in your pursuit of all your life's goals. You will have the power of the Universe behind you, supporting you all the way.
 If communication has been difficult for you in the past, Leo, today you may find things a bit different. You may have a deeper understanding of the motives of others, making it easier for you to deal with them. Your intuitive abilities are operating at a high level, so you're likely to form new bonds based on what you sense about others. Celebrate tonight! You need the lift.
 You may wonder why it is that you can gain control of so many parts of your life, but nothing seems to go right when it comes to romance? Dismiss the notion that you're unworthy of love. Don't try to portray yourself as someone you're not. Perhaps you're confusing the people around you by projecting an image that's completely different from who you really are.
 Don't be surprised if someone rubs you the wrong way today, Leo. It's likely that pressure has been building in other people's minds for quite some time. They might have been afraid to share their feelings before simply because they were too intimidated to say anything that might cross you. The molten lava has finally gotten hot enough and the volcano is about to erupt.
 You may feel a little out of sorts today, Leo. Perhaps you indulged a bit too much last night. However, some exciting phone calls at midday might perk you up, perhaps good news from a friend or colleague. A change in your financial state is definitely indicated, as is the resulting boost to your self
 You may not necessarily approve of the behavior of the people around you, Leo, but that doesn't mean you need to make their lives miserable. Be more accepting of others. Don't feel like you need to teach people a lesson simply because you don't understand their ways of life. You may be jumping to conclusions without taking the time to understand the situation.
 You may feel like the smallest issue is suddenly a life or death situation, Leo. Depending on your mood, you may think you're on the brink of complete disaster, but the next minute be soaring high in the clouds. The drama that surrounds you is more a product of your reaction to your environment rather than the environment itself.
 Unexpected visitors could wake you up to the possibility of new work opportunities, Leo. This could advance your current job or be work you can do on your own 
 You may be tempted to make up your own rules, Leo, because you really aren't happy with the ones before you. Be careful of doing so without first understanding the full implications for you and the people around you. By all means, if you feel like certain things just aren't right, take steps to change them. There's no reason that you have to stay within traditional constraints.
 Nothing is too hot for you to handle, but why do you insist on burning your hand when you don't have to, Leo? Are you trying to prove to someone that you can take the heat without being affected by it? You can get burned just as easily as anyone else even if you deny it. Do things for you and not to prove something to other people, especially when it comes to matters of love and romance.
 Today is a terrific day for you, Leo. You finally seem to have a grasp on your thought processes and inner emotions. You will feel extra sensitive and loving, and people will be drawn to you because of it. You're able to look at your feelings in a rational, levelheaded manner instead being at the mercy of your wildly fluctuating emotions.
 Increased communication with a close friend or lover, more on a subtle than verbal level, could bring you closer and enrich your relationship. Quiet time spend together today could generate a new sense of closeness. Images and ideas that come from deep within you can contribute to your creative self
 A letter or call from a relative could result in the prospect of an unexpected houseguest. You might be in a quandary as to what to do about it, Leo. Your schedule could be crammed with other responsibilities. Don't feel pressured into making any decisions today. Think about it for a day or so and list your options. Consider them all and then make your decision.
 You're becoming much more perceptive, Leo. At the same time, your psyche and unconscious knowing are also more acute. You may find that you know more about the way someone feels than that person does. More than likely, this sort of perspective is causing you to want to take aggressive action in order to shake people up and help them open their own eyes to the situation at hand.
 This day will be filled with many exciting surprises for you, Leo. Approach it with gratitude and you will be amazed at the number of things that just naturally seem to flow your way. Your generous heart will be rewarded in unexpected ways. Old friends are likely to show up. Open yourself up to conversations. Act spontaneously and with a great deal of passion.
 Increased enthusiasm for your favorite project may take you in a new direction, Leo. You could even decide to change careers in order to devote yourself more fully to doing what you've discovered you love the most. Your physical, emotional, and spiritual health should be very good right now. Your quality of life is likely to be improving. Go with the flow.
 Events beyond your control may necessitate repairs to your home or yard, and some may seem overwhelming, Leo. Don't panic! Put your good sense to work and shop around for the best possible deal, or find a way to do it yourself. You might discover that whatever needs repair could be in better shape afterward. This could produce desirable results in the long run.
 Check and double
 Home and technology figure prominently today, Leo. Perhaps you've just bought the latest gadget and want to spend the day figuring out how it works. You're in your element! A phone call from a distant friend could interrupt your project. You may speak for a long time, but you won't mind the delay at all. It's wonderful to talk to old friends.
 Deep thought that occupies your time today could lead to some fascinating conversations with a close friend or partner, Leo. Lots of deas and useful information could be discussed and lead to new projects, perhaps involving writing or teaching. You will want to research every possible contingency before making definite plans, so get busy. You don't want to pass up a lucrative opportunity.
 Have you been working very hard to increase your income? If so, Leo, results might finally manifest. More available income usually necessitates working even harder, but in your case, you might be able to relax for a while and thus rid yourself of all the stress and tension that's been building up. Thank your lucky stars, and make plans for your free time.
 Some young visitors may come to your home today, Leo. You could unexpectedly find yourself called upon to entertain them. You don't usually like to be the center of attention, but on this occasion you might enjoy it. You could direct some games or tell a story or two. Whatever you do, both you and your guests should have a great time. Enjoy your day.
 All matters related to romance, love, and marriage should go well today, Leo. You should feel especially warm and supportive. Intimate conversations will come easily and naturally. Be sure to think before you speak. There's some danger of misunderstanding, and you don't want any arguments to upset this glorious day.
 Your artistic talents could be put to good use today fixing up wherever it is that you work on, Leo. You might want to repaint, put up new plants or pictures, or do anything else that makes the place seem a little more dressed up. This isn't just fun. Both the process of doing it and the end result should lift your mood and keep you stimulated for the next few days. Have fun!
 Some strange but wonderful things could be happening to you now, Leo. Sheer luck could well be in the picture. Have you wanted to move to a nicer place? If so, now you probably can. Have you been expecting a bonus or settlement? Today it could be yours! Even your dreams are apt to be vivid, powerful, and very beautiful. The only downside is if one of the events involves money, don't overspend!
 You may feel a little unsure of what you believe in now, Leo. Your mind is filled with questions and contradictions. Try to realize that the journey to finding your true purpose could take a lifetime. No one else expects you to have all the answers right now, so why should you? Relax and try and enjoy moments spent with your loved ones. You may find that this is really all you need.
 Frustrating delays in completing a project might cause you to doubt your skills, Leo. Be careful not to fall into this trap. There's nothing wrong with your skills. Take a good long look at what you're doing and try to discern where it got hung up. Worries about money may cause you to consider postponing an activity that means a lot to you. Don't. Use your ingenuity to work it out.
 Generally you're pretty emotionally stable, Leo. Today's events might seem to conspire to create erratic moods that you aren't used to feeling. No major concerns should arise, but little irritations like dropping things, misplacing keys, or missing calls could get on your nerves. Slow down and stay focused. It's the only way you will remain calm today.
 Don't take no for an answer today, Leo. Chances are you won't have to. People will be more understanding of your situation and have compassion for your cause. Your inner strength will show through loud and clear, and you have the desire to make anything happen you want. There's a lucky star smiling on you that's helping you tackle any project.
 You may but heads with someone who's equally unwilling to budge, Leo. Use this conflict as a lesson in perspective. Understand the motivation of the opposite side. The life lesson you may need to learn probably has to do with discipline and the need for honest sweat from your brow. Don't be afraid to work a little harder than you have been to make your dreams come true.
 Sudden, positive changes in your financial condition could come your way. This could be an increase in income or involve some kind of windfall. Whichever it is, it's going to make a difference in your life. You could also discover a hidden talent that you were previously unaware of. It could also set you off on a different life path. Don't be afraid, Leo. Go for it!
 Recent new ideas, insights, and visions could motivate you to invite friends with similar interests over today, Leo. You will want to share your experiences, listen to their stories, and try to make sense of it all. This may be an important process, even if some of what's said doesn't seem to make sense. Write down your thoughts and go over them later.
 You could complete some personal projects that involve a lot of paperwork today, Leo. This could increase your income considerably. Past success that has become known in your field could lead to opportunities for future success. This may be job related, but it may also involve your own projects. All signs indicate that success, good fortune, and advancement are in the wind for you.
 The more tightly you try to hang onto something, Leo, the more likely it is it will want to slip through your fingers. Grab what you want, but don't squeeze too hard. Maintain an important balance between showing someone you care by taking them under your wing and allowing them the freedom to be their own person. Sensitive feelings are operating today, so proceed with care.
 There could be a great deal of friction in your world today, Leo, as stubborn minds aggressively come into conflict with each other. Be careful how you treat others, because feelings are likely to be hurt if you're insensitive. Others may look tough, but deep down they're just as soft as you are. Think twice about using your aggressive nature at the expense of others.
 A number of people involved in the healing professions could cross your path today, Leo. You might hear news about recent discoveries in those fields that sparks your interest. What you learn could affect your life in a profoundly positive way, so you need to write down not only the contact information for the people you meet but also the resources they use.
 Today is an ideal day to shop for a new wardrobe. You may find your usual style too conventional or uncomfortably trendy. Sometimes you reject outfits you really like out of fear they're too suggestive, old fashioned, or something else. Perhaps you should listen to your good judgment for a change instead of being so concerned about what other people might think.
 If you've been feeling sluggish lately, Leo, today will see a surge in energy that will greatly increase your creativity and physical strength. Seize the opportunity to get into the fresh air for a sports activity or long walk. Exercise can direct your physical energy and give your mind a chance to clear. Don't be surprised if you discover more clarity and focus afterward. Make the most of it.
 Make your dreams a tool for gaining insight, Leo. In the past, some rulers believed that their dreams held great insights and they employed people to interpret them. Whether you think dreams are mystical insights or random brainwaves, there is much to be gained. Recurring dreams hold significance. They can point to something that you need to take care of. Consider exploring this area.
 Today may bring up strong feelings, Leo. This may not be new, as you have a tendency to feel things deeply. But it may be a bit tough to find a way to express this. While you're creative, finding the right activity to get you going isn't always easy. Why not visit a bookstore and look for some appealing craft books or art materials? This might spark ideas for new ways to express yourself.
 Don't be surprised if someone describes you as conservative, Leo. It may be true. It could indicate that it's important for you to maintain control over most things 
 Your nature is intense, Leo. You probably feel things deeply and spend a lot of time lost in thought. Yet, too much intensity can take a toll on your health and well
 Jealousy might rear its head today, Leo. The key to it all is to understand where and why you feel insecure. If you're jealous of a mate, what's going on in the relationship? Is trust an issue? If this comes up at work, is it because you don't feel recognized for your contributions? Examine the cause of jealousy. It's almost always a symptom of a deeper problem.
 This isn't the day to make investments, Leo. You may read in the paper or online about some hot new stocks, but be very careful. If you're interested, consult a professional before investing money. Even after you've talked to an expert, it's still a good idea to wait a day or two before you make the investment. Any hot tips you receive today could be rather doubtful. Be patient.
 The words for today are "romance" and "creativity," Leo. Romance is enhanced by passion generated by a gratifying love relationship that will probably last for a long time. This same relationship, and its emotions could give rise to artistic inspiration that can produce works of a quality that surprises even you. Don't exhaust yourself. Know when to stop.
 Bite the bullet and get it done, Leo. Finish the projects and get the lingering odds and ends out of your way. There are stable energies today that will bring a practical breath of fresh air to any situation. Take a step back from the swirling winds and observe your inner self. Realize how your actions and emotions affect others and think about adjusting your habits accordingly.
 A long
 Your psychoanalytical talents could be put to work today when misunderstandings come up. Your friends aren't likely to be thinking clearly and may not respond to reassurances, Leo. Use your intuition to determine the best way to defuse the situation. Finances might cause some worry now, but your ingenuity and fiscal sense should put things right. Go out and have a good time tonight.
 A partner might be feeling rather down and need you to cheer him or her up, Leo. Too many social invitations could come your way today. You may have to turn one of them down. You may not be in the mood for socializing and need to be alone to organize your thoughts. One of the events could be business related and you may feel obligated to go. Put in an appearance. Don't feel compelled to stay long.
 Money matters may be advanced through using your intuition and inner power today, Leo. You might have a hunch that your idea for making extra money might just work. Look into it at least. Don't let anyone talk you out of it until you know the facts. You might also rediscover a long
 Annoyances of daily life may rub you the wrong way today, Leo. Other people's strong opinions and odd quirks may be difficult to swallow and your fuse may be a bit shorter than usual. Emotions could also run high, and you may do battle with the feelings in your own heart. Perhaps someone you care about deeply is creating unnecessary friction in your relationship.
 Worries about a household member could plague you today, Leo. This person might have gone away without telling anyone, or seem upset. Your friend is probably OK but at odds with someone outside the household rather than in it. Let this person work it out in whatever way they see fit. Your companion will share with you when the time is right.
 Secure your emotions and make sure you're set in your mind before you take action today, Leo. This is a terrific time to get things started. Following through to completion shouldn't be a problem. The difficult part is taking that first step. This can be easily done on a day like today, so don't miss this opportunity when your intuitive sense is extra keen.
 Like a team of pickpockets in a crowd, a group may have its eyes on you and secretly scheme to take advantage of your innocence, Leo. One may work to distract you with something playful and harmless, while the others work behind your back to secretly steal your valuables. Stay aware of yourself and your belongings at all times.
 Your financial situation could undergo some positive upheaval now, probably as the result of a career advance. This process is likely to continue today, Leo, as social events put you in touch with valuable contacts. It might be a good idea to listen to others today and not try to voice ideas of your own or make any decisions. Too much input could lead to mental overload and a lack of focus.
 Social events, perhaps business related, could put you in touch with people in fascinating fields or from foreign countries, Leo. Logical thinking and a philosophical attitude enhance your communicative gifts, so people will be drawn to you to hear what you say. You could make important contacts. Take notes. This evening could be a key turning point for your future plans.
 The stars are pushing you to accept more responsibility in your life. In fact, you may not think you can do it, but everything will work out just fine. At the moment, you seem to have a special gift for leading other people, making decisions, and doing whatever is necessary to finish up group projects. It's too bad 
 You now seem to be able to do everything you want to do, Leo. Things are going well as you reap the rewards of important past decisions you made. The obstacles that tended to get in your way are history now. Your family is happy and healthy. Your success is encouraging you to make plans for the future. It also enables you to look forward to much better days for you and those close to you.
 You will get the most satisfaction today through your activities with others, Leo. So you should take the initiative and propose something you and your friends could do together. Be creative and think of something unusual, perhaps an outdoor activity like horseback riding, hiking, or an outing to an amusement park. Your friends will appreciate the thought you put into it.
 You might be planning or leaving on a much
 Plans for a social event that you were going to host in your home may have to be changed at the last minute. Even so, it should go very well. You're feeling exceptionally sociable now, Leo, not to mention romantic and sexy. If you aren't presently involved, expect to meet more than one possibility. If you are involved, anticipate events that will bring you closer to your partner.
 Machines are likely to pose a few problems today, Leo, particularly where work and money are concerned. An unforeseen problem might interfere with your social life, perhaps forcing you to cancel a get
 Today you can expect to have a highly interesting conversation with someone, Leo. The person you will be talking to is going to provide you with a ton of information that will open a whole new world of knowledge. Excitement and happiness will be with you all day. This conversation will have an impact on your future.
 A long
 Social events involving both old and new friends could prove especially satisfying at this time, Leo. You will be able to catch up with those you haven't seen for a while. You might also be introduced to new people who prove valuable business contacts in the future. Expect good news, stimulating conversation, and a lot of reminiscing about the past with warm and congenial companions.
 If you've given up on something you've lost, Leo, you might get a real surprise tonight when a dream sheds light on where you might find it. It's important that you either get up and search for the object immediately or write the dream down in as much detail as you can remember. Otherwise, this could be one of those dreams that disappears as soon as you wake up, and you won't want that.
 A financial windfall might come your way, Leo. This may not be a lottery win or surprise inheritance. It's probably something you've worked hard for, but more than you expected. As a result, you could walk around in a daze for much of the day. Don't try to make plans for it. Put it aside until you're used to the idea of having it. Only then will your practical nature kick in.
 You may feel so confident that you could be thinking in terms of starting a new enterprise, Leo. Partnerships are especially likely to succeed now. You could also grow closer to those who mean the most to you 
 Your financial situation could get a strong boost today, Leo. This might be due to a contract you've just signed, perhaps involving some work you will do on your own rather than for an employer. The project may have strong personal significance. The creative arts could be involved, as well as technology. Be prepared for a busy month, but it will be a great one. Go for the gold!
 Uninvited visitors could cause some stress, Leo. You wanted to spend your day resting, but now you have to entertain people, and this could prove irritating. It's better to keep the visit short and sweet than feel obligated to play host when you aren't up to it. You will want to stay on good terms with your guests. Be polite but firm and then relax.
 You know you're intuitive, Leo, but changes could take place in your brain that elevate your abilities beyond mere intuition. Visions, prophetic dreams, and powerful insights into others' thoughts and feelings could reveal you to be a gifted psychic. If you've been training your abilities, this should come as no surprise, but the level of your gifts will. You will never be the same.
 A rise in your income could lead to a transformation in your values, Leo, particularly where business is concerned. You could be opening up to the vast potential for prosperity that exists now. This is definitely something you should explore. Take care that you don't lose sight of what really matters. Money is meant to enhance the other departments of life, not consume them.
 You may feel an urgent need to use your physical energy. This need will raise the issue of how to incorporate more exercise into your life. This would be an ideal time to join a gym. Participating in a group sports activity would be a good choice for you. Get started, no matter what outlet you choose, Leo. Excuses won't be tolerated.
 You've always been interested in the arts, and now you want to explore that interest on a deeper level. A visit to a museum isn't likely to do the trick, Leo. Instead, why not enroll in a class or sign up for a lecture series? A few artists, in particular, capture your interest. Make it a point to concentrate on them first.
 Today may be an odd combination of social and financial, Leo, likely a combination of the two in some way. Perhaps you need to meet with an attorney and end up dining together. Or you and a casual acquaintance could decide to go out for a drink. Legal documents are highlighted, so be sure to carefully look over contracts of any kind.
 A group meeting of some sort, perhaps job related, could take place in your home today, Leo. Whatever business the group has planned should be taken care of quickly and then you will be able to hang out and socialize. You might discover new aspects of your guests you didn't know existed. This could prove very enlightening for all concerned. Your bond with them will definitely improve.
 Leo, you tend to be a master psychologist. You don't need to know people well in order to accurately size them up. But today this ability could be temporarily lacking. You don't sense much from those you meet, and when you do intuit their thoughts and feelings, what you pick up isn't likely to be very accurate. Don't worry. Your mind should be back to normal tomorrow.
 Don't try to nail down any answers today, Leo, because you will probably end up feeling frustrated. The less you try to force your will on others, the more you will find that things just automatically go your way. Today isn't about finding solutions to problems. It's about enjoying what you've already learned and accomplished. Keep things light.
 Today you might find yourself in the public eye. Acknowledgment for work well done could come your way. It might also involve an increase in income. This could be job related or simply a community project that you've been working on and accomplished successfully. Enjoy your 15 minutes of fame, Leo, even though you might find it a bit disconcerting.
 Matters involving your community might require your attention. This is likely to involve communication in some way. Perhaps you want to make some phone calls, write letters, or place an ad or article in a local newspaper. Communication of all sorts should go well, Leo, and you might find that it opens new doors to understanding between you and those closest to you.
 Paperwork regarding money might need attention today, Leo, as you could be planning to entertain visitors. These are apt to be exciting people bringing good news and interesting information. You might also expect a delivery of some new books or equipment, and this should contribute to the excitement. The doors to adventure are going to open up in some way. Use this to your advantage.
 A number of exciting people could attend a party or group meeting at your home. You're in just the right space to be a great host, Leo, and you're likely to meet some interesting new people. Much of the conversation could focus on computers and other forms of technology or perhaps on astrology or other occult subjects. You should have a good time and learn a lot.
 You might toy with the idea of getting some kind of project or enterprise going with a close friend or love partner. If you're serious about it, Leo, this is definitely the day to start. Any partnership formed at this time is likely to be successful and beneficial for all involved. This is even a good day to work out the terms of a legal agreement. Go for it.
 You don't worry too much, Leo, but today might be different. Insecurity may arise about a partnership. This might be a current or potential romantic relationship. Perhaps there has been little if any communication between you and your insecurity is coming to the forefront. Don't let fear or shyness keep you from meeting this person halfway. Your insecurities are probably unfounded.
 An old friend you haven't seen in a long time could turn up. This should be a pleasant surprise, Leo, as you will have a lot of catching up to do. You might have good news, as you've been busy and could have come across some very exciting information. Take a walk at the end of the day or you might not be able to sleep.
 Paperwork regarding a bonus, settlement, or dividend of some kind might need to be executed today. It will probably be boring. You will get it done. Sudden insights, revelations, or flights of fancy might provide fodder for creative activities, particularly writing or speaking. Write these ideas down. You have a good memory, Leo, but you will want to recall every detail.
 A scheduling conflict may come up today, Leo. A business engagement could interfere with a social event. You might doubt whether you can attend both, but if you plan carefully, it should be OK. Someone at home might not be communicative, which could cause a little worry. This person has issues they need to work out for themselves. Just be there if needed.
 Arrangements for a get
 Relations with neighbors, siblings, or other relatives could get a shot in the arm now, Leo. For some, your recent business successes cause them to get on the bandwagon. For others, your personal growth could increase their admiration of you. Partnerships of any kind formed today show great promise of success. These could be business, personal, or romantic. Don't be shy. Go with the flow.
 Does it seem like your life is pulling apart at the seams, Leo? Perhaps it's time to reevaluate. Major aspects of your being could be coming into question and you can't seem to find the answer to why you started down this road in the first place. Have confidence in yourself and your incredible ability to cut to the core of every matter. This is just a phase and you're able to work through it.
 You should feel loving today toward just about anyone you like and respect. Clear communication with friends, lovers, and children could enhance your understanding of them, and vice versa. The bonds in these relationships will be strengthened, perpetuating the good feelings you've felt all year. Current bonds grow more devoted, while new ones become close. Keep the lines of communication open.
 You should enjoy the intense energy of today, Leo. The mud is finally beginning to clear away. Expose the truth in every issue and get ready for the gremlins that may be unEarthed. Connect with nature today and spend some time with animals if you can. Take deep breaths in fresh outdoor air and enjoy a long walk somewhere special with a close friend.
 People may be extra stubborn today, so try to avoid any confrontations that could lead to full
 Your emotions may be confused today, Leo. People may seem to rub you the wrong way, and you may feel like you're all alone in the world. Keep in mind that you're very sensitive and capable of picking up things that other people miss. You cut through the masks and see right to the core of every issue. Give yourself credit for being a passionate detective.
 Tension may be a bit high with everyone and everything you encounter today, Leo. There will be a strong need for stability and discipline, while others call for fun and frivolity. You may be caught in the middle. The worst thing is that no side, including yours, is going to want to compromise. Try not to take things too seriously.
 Realize that to conquer new ground you may have to make some sacrifices, Leo. Things may not always go according to your perfect vision, but that's the natural way of things. Life should be simple and free flowing. The tangle of voices in your mind is usually the thing that makes issues and situations more complicated than they need to be. Maintain the peace and keep things easy.
 You will be able to find a greater connection to your inner soul today, Leo. You will also find that you're more psychic than usual. Trust your intuition. The more you look inward, the more you're apt to find the solutions to your outward questions. Combine a sense of dreamy emotion with a grounded feeling of love and beauty. You may need to balance your cloudy head with stable roots.
 You may feel extra self
 You may have to stand by certain difficult, worrisome decisions today, Leo. You may feel a kind of urgent need for stability in your personal life. What is really behind this feeling? Is it possible that you're just afraid of your desire to put everything into question in order to make a fresh start? Today you may find the answer to this question. Stay tuned.
 Even if you're a good judge of character, Leo, the people who know you say that you base your opinions on your personal feelings, which often affect your good judgment. Today your critics are wrong and your judgments are as precise and objective as they can possibly be. They may even help you out of a sticky situation.
 Strength of character will be your partner today, Leo. You seem to have an aura whose intensity scares some people and attracts others. Your force of character could be the cause of some wonderful feelings and emotions for the people close to you. Don't try and hide your emotions. They're the source of your creativity.
 You will keep a level head today, Leo, so take this opportunity to make rational decisions about the most intense issues on the table. Stay grounded and concentrate on what you need to do. Don't get caught up in the usual emotional drama. Restriction and limitation are main themes of the day that will help you reach your goals.
 Things are on the upswing for you today, Leo. People are finally coming around to see things from your perspective. There's no need to doubt yourself. Look in the mirror and know that the person you see is capable of accomplishing anything. Your powerful emotions are your allies. Don't be afraid to let your heart speak up loud and clear the way it wants to.
 You're feeling confident and more comfortable in your own skin than you have in a long time, Leo. You're so accomplished, why are you the last one to acknowledge it? Try to look up from your desk long enough to socialize with friends and loved ones. You've been so focused on work that your relationships may have suffered a bit. Spend some quality time with those you care about.
 This isn't a day to make firm commitments, Leo, especially concerning relationships. Today's atmosphere highlights unification and reconciliation, but don't take this as a sign that you're now bound for life. Proceed carefully before making any long
 Things should go well for you today, Leo. There's an added serenity in the air that will help calm your nerves. There's no need to make things more complicated than necessary. The answers to things are actually quite simple. Everything you want is probably right at your fingertips. You don't need to go far to find what you seek.
 You will find that your emotions are much more under control today, Leo. You're able to strike a happy balance and avoid extraordinary extremes that scare others away. In fact, quite the opposite is true. People will be attracted to you as you provide a life raft on turbulent waters. Your sensitivity is strong and you're able to immediately fix on the status of any situation.
 Nothing is simple where your family is concerned. If you've forgotten that, don't worry. Today will remind you. You may have to deal with some of your lingering problems with certain family members. You will find you have all the energy you need in order to find the solutions to the conflicts that have been eating at you for a while.
 Today take stock of all that's occurring on the home front, Leo. Think back over the last few months and you will see how much of your attention has been on work rather than loved ones. There's probably some fallout as a result. Fortunately, a few days in close contact with family will put everything right. You can't blame them for wanting to be with you. Try to indulge them.
 You may feel a little weary today, Leo. It's a good time to take stock of your life. You may have gotten some news about someone that has caused you some pain. This is a good time to rely on the support of your relationship in order to reenergize yourself. Take the time to let others take care of you.
 If you aren't careful about the energy you dish out today, Leo, you will find that it all comes back to smack you in the face. Other people are likely to be as stubborn as you, so proceed cautiously. The more you try to control and manipulate others, the more friction will build. Things are likely to explode. Adopt a friendly attitude and try not to take anything too seriously.
 Bring stability to your emotions today, Leo. You have the tendency to take things to extremes, swinging from incredible highs to rock
 Things will get much easier and more controlled as the day progresses, Leo. People's superficial attitudes and idle chatter will give way to more realistic and deep
 Today is a day of opposites for you. You may jump from one thing to another, Leo. Somehow nothing seems to sit right with you, and so your search intensifies. Try to be the active one in the situation as opposed to the one acted upon. There is the potential for you to get knocked about, but you can easily turn this around by striking the first blow.
 Circumstances of the day may result in some tricky situations for you, Leo. You could be caught between a rock and a hard place. The instinct to make war or peace with any given issue is making you restless. On the one hand, you may want to smooth things out in a reasonable manner. On the other, there is a part of you that is eager to declare all
 People may be abrasive today, Leo, but you will find after careful assessment that they don't mean any harm. More than likely they aren't fully informed. They're acting on misinformation. There's likely to be a cloudy haze in the air. Everyone will have an opinion on the best way to go about tackling an issue. Rely on your own cunning to cut to the core of the problem.
 In a string of intense emotional dramas, the last thing you need is one more, Leo. Unfortunately, it looks like you're going to get just that. Once again, an incredible romantic scenario is coming to a head, and your emotions are in turmoil. Hold still, wait for the hit, and then proceed. If you have the feeling that you're going to blow up at someone, simply walk away from the situation.
 It could be hard to complete tasks today. A disagreement with other household members might give you the idea that everyone is against you. This isn't so, Leo. Try to be objective and consider other points of view, and don't turn this into a power struggle. Stay calm, take a deep breath, and try to communicate with the others. The results could prove pleasantly surprising!
 An increased level of ESP and imagination could have you feeling more creative and artistic. You might want to channel this energy into writing, painting, or adding touches to your living room. You're likely to be especially attuned to the thoughts and feelings of others, particularly family. You could grow closer, especially if you sense what they need even before they do.
 Gossip you hear today might make you angry. You're likely to sense it isn't true. Take nothing at face value today. Check the facts before making any judgments. Discontent is in the air, Leo, and when people are disgruntled, they tend to say things they don't mean. Avoid the temptation to be confrontational. It will only make things worse. Try to spend some time alone if you can.
 Today you will be confrontational, Leo. This comes after several weeks of holding yourself back from openly criticizing other people. You have especially strong feelings concerning anything that touches activities outside of the family. An explosion is imminent and likely unavoidable. Go ahead and express yourself. You will all be best friends again tomorrow!
 It will be as though you're in a new and hopeful world today, Leo. The people you meet will be cordial and caring, and the future will seem like a bright, attractive place to live. In other words, it's like a fabulous dream, and the alarm clock is bound to wake you up soon. True, the glorious feeling won't last long, so take advantage of the day. Reality is sweet at times.
 Speak your mind clearly, Leo. Other people aren't mind readers like you are. If you keep waiting for someone to figure out what you're thinking, it will be a long time before the truth comes out. Give people a break and let them know what's going on inside your head. Communication is important, and today it begins with you. Feel free to take the first step toward opening the door.
 This may be one of those days when you feel completely alone even if there are hundreds of people around, Leo. No one seems to understand your perspective. Your incredible sensitivity and emotionalism is putting you in a category all your own. Try not to ostracize yourself from the group. Reach out instead of pull away. You have more in common with other people than you think.
 Flexibility is important today, Leo. Take the relaxed, laid
 Put your incredible sensitivity to work for you today in a way that inspires action, Leo. There's so much within you that needs expression at this time. Don't hold back any longer. When it comes to issues regarding love and romance, feel free to make a move. You may be attracted to those who tickle your brain cells. Philosophical discussions will be quite rewarding.
 Your ambition and will to succeed may be at war with your feelings today, Leo. Perhaps you've been working so hard that you aren't spending enough time with friends and family 
 You may have been spending or saving too much money, Leo. It's clear that a rebalancing is in order if you're to find pleasure rather than eternal frustration. It's a curious phenomenon. It's as though you have lost contact with your body. Yet it's in your body where you will ultimately find your balance. You certainly won't find it in your head!
 Mentally, you're apt to do very well today, Leo. You will find that you can tackle just about any cerebral challenge that comes along. The most difficult aspect of the day will be dealing with your emotions. More than likely, you will feel a great desire for attention. You just want to be loved. Get up on stage and say what's in your heart. This isn't a good time to harbor your feelings.
 You may find your emotions difficult to deal with, Leo, especially later in the day. Consider taking an intellectual instead of emotional approach. Your feelings could send you into a drastic mood swing from one end of the spectrum to the other. The thing you really need right now 
 Friends and family, while dear, can be irritating today, Leo. Everyone around you seems upset and unable to communicate clearly. Fortunately, your temper has a long fuse. To avoid a sudden explosion, it would be a good idea to avoid home and the tensions there. If you take a break from your normal routine, you're likely to meet people who will put you in a calmer frame of mind.
 Get outside and get moving, Leo! If you can manage to take the day off, this would be a good time to release some energy. You used to enjoy competition when you were little. Remember how exhilarating it was to be the first to the top of the hill? You will find your life greatly enriched if you can find a way to rekindle similar feelings.
 You might be stirred by the energy present in the air today, Leo. Put on your armor and get ready to do battle. Others may cower when they look out their window and see what's going on outside, but you want to jump into the fray. Strong, aggressive emotions are the weapons of the day, and everybody knows that you have quite an arsenal in this department.
 Let's face it, Leo. Today you're likely to find your chores and errands exceedingly boring. You could find yourself watching the clock, feeling like an hour has gone by and then realizing it's only been ten minutes. If you can put off your tasks until tomorrow, by all means do so. Nothing is so urgent that it requires your undivided attention all day. Treat yourself to a fun afternoon.
 Actions could be quick and intense today, Leo. Things may hit you like lightning, so be prepared for just about anything. Mentally stabilize yourself before interacting with others. Dress to demonstrate your power. You're a force to be reckoned with, not one to be stepped on. Violent emotions are apt to emerge. Don't fight the urge to release any anger you feel. Direct it appropriately.
 Have you done the cleaning that the planetary configurations asked you to do in recent weeks, Leo? If this is the case, today you should start to feel less weighed down by the conventions in your life. You've undoubtedly solved some of the problems in your relationships. You will feel as if you're in a kind of renaissance through the next cycle.
 Today you could decide to host a party or meeting in your home. You're likely to expect a lot of visitors. This should be an exciting occasion, Leo, and you could go out of your way to make this the best event possible. It will probably be worth it. This event could bring people and information your way that make a big difference to you.
 You're gifted at bringing people together, there's no doubt about that, Leo. Today will be especially good for participating in or initiating group activities. It's a favorable day for any project related to fellowship and assistance. You might do the groundwork to form a team, discussion group, or charitable endeavor.
 If you want to make the best of the day ahead, Leo, try to convince your team or family to work together. This is tricky to do, what with everyone's schedule being so demanding right now. Hard as it is to coordinate their efforts and orchestrate harmony, the strength of your character and your team spirit will make it all work out.
 Something is currently compelling you to be more of a world citizen than usual, Leo. You may find this somewhat disturbing. You feel as though the roots of your identity, such as your family background and social standing, are dissolving little by little. Comfort yourself with the knowledge that your family is simply changing and expanding. It will stabilize again on another, higher plane.
 Calm down and get organized before you spread your ideas to others, Leo. This is especially true when it comes to love and romance. As soon as this topic comes up, you tense up and erupt inappropriately. Ground yourself and find your center of balance 
 If your partner acts quickly on his or her passions today, Leo, you will probably want to slow things down a bit. "Nice and easy" is the phrase of the day for you, so create an environment that will allow for more time in such circumstances. Let your partner know how you feel and what you'd like to see happen. No one is a mind reader. There's far less chance of any misunderstanding when there is open communication.
 You may find today that people are really attracted to you as a friend. This is because you're usually a good listener. You're open to other people's ideas and thoughts and can care easily. Consider noticing those around you to see if there isn't someone who could use a hug or an ear to listen to a problem. It may not take a lot to get someone talking.
 A group of people oriented toward artistic, spiritual, or humanitarian pursuits could meet today at your home to work on advancing their projects. Among them could be someone very special who might play a positive role in your life. As a result of this gathering you could find inspiration to move ahead with personal projects. In the evening, see a romantic movie or go on a hot date!
 If you've been working toward manifesting extra money in your life, Leo, you will probably see it happen today. Copious physical and emotional energy gives your inner power of mind over matter a special impetus, and you might see the results you've wanted in finance and other matters. Professional interests should also be going well, as well as any personal projects. Keep up the good work!
 You're usually full of energy, Leo, but today you may not feel so vivacious. There's nothing to worry about. In fact, you may have the time to do some thinking about your personal life and what you expect to get out of your relationships. You might also want to think about how you intend to go about getting it! Perhaps some of your motivations have changed lately.
 You may feel locked in a bind of deep emotion and stubborn attitudes with close friends or lovers, Leo. Perhaps it's hard for you to say what you really feel. You may be under the impression that you're being tested and judged by everyone else. Try not to let your ego get in the way of a good time. Say what you feel without getting worried about how others will react.
 Leo, don't be surprised if you meet people who are quite self
 Today is likely to be a bit gray, Leo. You won't be able to see how you can get out of your current situation. You may have some financial or physical problems at the moment. If this is the case, it's because you don't rely enough on your abilities and good sense to pull you through. It's possible that you don't take care of your body as well as you should. That's easily remedied.
 Your philosophy of life comes naturally, Leo. Others need to study, listen to experts, or sign on to various allegiances. You, on the other hand, already have a profound outlook on life that you surely inherited from your past experiences. It would be interesting for you to expand on your philosophy a bit and try to turn it into something concrete.
 You may find yourself in a situation where you need to choose whether or not to commit to a relationship, Leo. Old demons could come back to haunt you, renewing doubts and creating fears about a lack of freedom. Ignore these demons at all costs! If you give in to them, you're likely to lose a lot of ground. Be courageous and make a decision on your own.
 Your ego has probably been feeling strong lately, and you may feel an extra boost of self
 You may have recently inherited either some money or some free time. This is a real gift, and if invested wisely, it could lead to some important self
 Today's planetary aspects herald the beginning of an especially agreeable period. You will carry confidence, clarity, and positive influence wherever you go, Leo. You've used up a lot of your reserves recently and made it to this stage just in the nick of time. Enjoy your new strength.
 Leo, you have a tendency to live your life vicariously through your partner. Today you may come to the realization that this isn't healthy for you. You may realize that you give more of yourself than you get back, draining you of energy. In fact, you're almost completely out. Be selfish today. You need to do something for you for once, and it's about time!
 Money matters might take a turn for the worse today. Don't fly off the handle because of this, Leo. Use every bit of financial savvy you have to put things straight. Try to remain calm and collected when dealing with stubborn people. Don't be drawn into arguments. You will be able to pull everything together again, but only by your ingenuity. Don't depend on others.
 When your heart is gently touched, it feels loving, generous, and supportive of everyone, Leo. If your heart is lonely, it feels deserted by everyone. It would be impossible to try to make sense of why things need to be so extreme for you, but the fact of the matter is that you don't need to figure it out rationally. You only need to accept that this is how you feel.
 You're apt to disagree sharply with information you receive, Leo. Perhaps your attitude is a bit selfish, so you aren't able to appreciate ideas that are more humanitarian in nature. Expand your way of thinking to include the people around you. You will find that the more you offer yourself to others, the more respected and happy you will be overall.
 You may find that someone approaches you with harsh words that are apt to have a significant impact on your state of mind. You could even find that you're paralyzed in the sense that you begin to question your current actions or ones you plan to take in the future. Spend some time alone in order to sort things out before you go ahead and make any drastic life
 Have you been waiting for a letter or call from a business or romantic partner for a long time, Leo? If so, you will probably receive it today. Don't be surprised if it's long! News and useful information could be exchanged. You will feel energized and determined once the communication is completed. The partnership's future goals will be more strictly defined as a result.
 Obligations to friends and groups could interfere with time that you want to spend with your partner. A number of visitors in your home might demand more of your time, energy, and attention, and you might find this disconcerting. You're no one's servant, Leo. You're entitled to enjoy yourself. Save some time for your mate at the end of the day.
 A gathering in your community could unite the people around you in aiming for a common goal, and this could be a new interest for you, Leo. Warm and loving emails and calls could come from family, close friends, or your life partner. An impromptu short trip to a favorite place could result in a pleasant surprise. This promises to be a busy day and a great one.
 A number of surprise visitors could result in an impromptu party of some sort. This could be fun for you, Leo, but it could also be a bit irritating. It might interfere with something you had planned. There's nothing you can do without sounding like Scrooge. Go with the flow, enjoy yourself, and then try to salvage your own plans as best as you can.
 A subject of interest that you've been pursuing could bring up some deeply buried emotions today, Leo. You might want to retreat into your mind and try to make sense of it, although analyzing it intellectually may not be the answer. Avoid emotional confrontations. Things might be said that shouldn't be said, and they won't be easily forgotten. In the evening, see a movie full of special effects.
 Sudden, unexpected visitors could arrive today, perhaps by air or in a new car. You could host a group meeting of some kind at your house. A lot of exciting information and stimulating conversation could take place, Leo, bringing fresh ideas that spark new interests. Expect a very busy but productive day, looking ahead toward the future rather than back toward the past.
 Is your significant other uncertain about spending much time with you today, Leo? You may be hurt at first, as your honey could feel obligated to spend some private time with family members. You should be able to get together as you hoped. Just don't expect it to be for the whole day. Spend your alone time relaxing and sprucing yourself up.
 A close friend might pass along some seemingly harmless but nonetheless untrue gossip, Leo. Don't accept anything you hear today until you check the facts for yourself. Any information you receive is likely to be exaggerated if not totally false. You might find a lot of material on subjects that interest you 
 You may get frustrated when you find that people aren't as sensitive to a situation as you want them to be, Leo. While you're looking to make a strong connection with someone, almost wanting to take possession of his or her feelings, that person, in turn, is trying to pull back. People are apt to gravitate toward rational facts rather than intense, smothering emotions.
 Your ship is finally coming into port after being out in rough seas for so long, Leo. It's time to dock the boat for a while. Relax and explore the area. There is nothing wrong with getting off your vessel for a while. You may not even realize how much you've missed solid ground until now. Remember what it's like to be stable again.
 Try not to get too frustrated by the indecisiveness that plagues you today, Leo. The longer you stand still, the harder it will be to get moving. The key is to find a balance between planning and forcefulness. There's an incredible need for you make progress now. If you're met with resistance, you should probably just back off for now. Fighting won't yield positive results now.
 Today's arena is one in which you can find a great deal of material, Leo. There will be no shortage of energy to work with or opinions coming from you. Realize that your words have a greater potency about them as people become more intent on uncovering the truth. Apply yourself to peace and cooperation among groups. Help people work together toward a common goal.
 Don't worry about probing too deeply today, Leo. Trust people more than you normally would. You will find that things go much more smoothly if you approach them from a neutral or positive and not accusatory position. Listen to the people you care about the most. They're trying to convey important information. You might not want to hear it now, but in the long run, it's in everyone's best interests that you do.
 You're likely to go to extremes today on many levels, Leo. The problem is that you may encounter opposition everywhere you turn. There's an incredible stubbornness to the day that is evident in everyone's mood, especially yours. Keep in mind that if you want cooperation and resolution, you will need to compromise. Try to see other people's needs as well.
 Tonight you might decide to attend a group activity of some kind, perhaps one concerned with philosophical or spiritual matters, Leo. Everyone who attends is apt to feel very strongly about the subject, so discussions could prove lively and exciting. Your mind could be spinning like a top when you leave, so if you can, walk home so you can clear your head. Write down your thoughts. You will want to remember them.
 You may have been spending or saving too much money, Leo. It's clear that a rebalancing is in order if you're to find pleasure rather than frustration. It's a curious phenomenon, as though you've lost contact with your body. Yet it's in your body where you will ultimately find your balance. You certainly won't find it in your head!
 Just about every department of life should be going very well for you now, Leo. Business, finances, and partnerships are likely on their way to success, while personal relationships of all kinds, particularly romantic ones, should also be more rewarding. You might be thinking of expanding your horizons through new enterprises or study. Don't be shy 
 Today you should feel especially warm and loving toward everyone close to you, Leo, particularly a love partner. You may want to spend some time with friends or family or schedule a romantic evening with your significant other 
 Generally, Leo, you tend to be interested in what makes everything tick, from the human mind to the workings of the Universe to religion. Today that interest could be piqued by something you read or hear. You might want to delve into a field of interest and learn whatever you can about it. You could have some insights that are as valid as anyone else's, so write them down!
 An impromptu party may take place at your house today when some unexpected but welcome visitors turn up at your door. Expect the conversation to alternate between lots of laughs and discussion of some pretty serious subjects. The gathering could continue well into the night if you let it, but don't let it continue past the point of enjoyment. You can always do it again another time.
 Compliments are apt to feel like gold to you, Leo. There's nothing you need more than love and affection on a day like this. Beware that you may end up as putty in the hands of whoever showers you with flattery. You may also resent this need for attention and not be willing to receive it graciously. This isn't the right attitude. Receive accolades with open arms and offer an equal amount of affection in return.
 Don't take things that don't belong to you, Leo. Your penetrating eyes are apt to spot things that are easily pocketed, even though you know deep down that those things aren't meant for you to keep. Your imagination might try to convince you that it's OK to pull such sneaky maneuvers, and you may be tempted. Don't deceive yourself.
 It's critical that you not try to gain the love and appreciation of another by controlling their decisions, Leo. It's time to let the people around you set their own rules and boundaries. Give that special person space to decide what's best, then you can take action accordingly. It may be that you discover things about this person that you probably would never have known if you called all the shots.
 When it comes to romantic relationships, Leo, you might find that you're playing more of a game of hide
 Your naturally passionate nature should be more aroused than usual today. The festive atmosphere around you gives rise to warm, intimate feelings that bring friends and couples closer together, Leo, so prepare for some good times out and excitement in the home tonight. Optimism and enthusiasm should fill the air. You will feel secure and comfortable yet crackling with ardor. Go for it!
 Do something for the community today, Leo, and really consider how your talents and skills can best be put to work. Consider volunteering at a school or library. Donate blood or help the elderly. Whatever you do, smile knowing that you're making direct contact with friends who need your assistance. Instead of just complaining about the way things are going, take a proactive role in leading the way toward a more philanthropic world.
 You may have gotten yourself tangled up in a deep mental drama over a series of recent incidents, Leo. Your mind may be working overtime in order to solve the riddles. It's quite possible that the reality of the situation is that you're simply making a big deal over nothing. Today is one of those days in which you will face the harsh reality that comes as a consequence of your over
 Anchor yourself in practical matters before you try to prove your point to others. There's a great deal of primal energy rising within you today and searching for some sort of outlet. Be aware of overextending yourself when it comes to issues of the mind. You may be so anxious to prove your point that you end up losing sight of the reality of the situation.
 Leo, love of all kinds 
 You should be feeling especially confident today, Leo. You've been working especially hard lately, and the recognition you've received goes a long way toward reinforcing your feelings of self
 It's likely that your thoughts are completely turned to work. Much as you should devote your time off to friends and family, you can't help the way you're wired, Leo. When at home, you may sneak away to check your email. Perhaps you secretly phone your business partner. Your family rolls their eyes, but generally understands and forgives your crazy behavior. Be sure to turn on the extra charm, just in case!
 You may be too free with your money right now, Leo. You're usually careful with it, but the spirit of generosity and abundance is definitely upon you. You're more inclined to be generous with those you care about. After all is said and done, you could panic, but don't. You're good at making money. A little belt tightening later is entirely possible, and it won't hurt you. Follow your heart 
 With the planetary atmosphere today, your sensual nature is in full bloom. If there's a romantic partner nearby, that person should be on guard! There may be a lot of other people around, so a chance to be alone probably won't present itself until this evening. If you don't connect with a potential partner, at least you'll have a good time. Hang in there and be patient!
 Changes taking place at home could lead to more income, Leo. Perhaps a new housemate moves in, reducing your housing costs. Or you might even consider moving to a new place, perhaps one that's closer to where family members live or work. Whatever it is, it may not seem like much, but it should make a difference in your financial situation in the long run. Go for it!
 Expect your romantic relationship to be better than ever today, Leo. You're communicating well and in touch with one another's feelings. How wonderful to be able to maintain an inspiring, rewarding bond with someone who loves you. There is much to be grateful for. This could be a good time to take your relationship to the next level. Your partner won't mind discussing this.
 Everything may look wrong to you today, Leo. The house doesn't look right, the furniture needs adjusting, and you probably aren't happy with the way you look either. Your perfectionism could kick in and you might plunge into action, determined to make it all right. Don't bother! There's probably nothing you can do to make it look right today. Relax. You'll see things differently tomorrow.
 Visitors who mean a lot to you can make your home an even warmer and cozier place, Leo. You'll probably spend a lot of time fixing it up and receive sincere compliments. The only downside might be that your current partner may not be there due to circumstances beyond anyone's control. Enjoy the visit, and invite your friends to return when your partner is there.
 Did you forget to take two aspirin before you fell into bed last night? This morning you may feel in a fog, but it should lift around midday. You could be surprised by some heartening news from a friend or relative regarding a difficult situation that is now being resolved. Enjoy the boost of energy that this good news gives you.
 Money matters might cause you a few headaches, Leo. You could be torn between the desire to put money aside for the future and the impulse to buy something that you've wanted for a long time. There may be a way to have it both ways. Save a little less and try to find a bargain price for your item. Take everything into consideration and work it out before you make yourself crazy.
 A group could meet in your home today, Leo, perhaps friends who are involved in the arts or meditation or spiritual studies. This group is likely to be close, probably through mutual interests, so the evening should be both intellectually stimulating and emotionally gratifying. What takes place today could also bring healing of some kind, either for you or for someone else.
 You'll be tested today, Leo, so brace yourself for the unexpected. A large piece of your life is coming into question at this time, and you're being forced to face the music. Is this something that really rings true with your inner being? If it is, you should be able to deal with this challenge. If you're struggling, perhaps you should take this as a sign that you need a major life change.
 Friends who are interested in psychic and metaphysical matters could visit you today, Leo. You may discuss a lot of fascinating material, which could alter your value system in a subtle but profound way. Don't be surprised if you do more listening than talking on this occasion. It's important to soak in as much as you can. Write it down if you think you'll forget it.
 Career and money matters continue to go well for you, Leo, and probably romance, too. Your life may be the envy of others, but you probably feel there's still something missing. This is a good day to explore metaphysical and spiritual studies. It's a time of transition, and this sort of interest can make things easier for you, especially if those close to you share your interest.
 Love blossoms in close relationships as communication flows freely. You're intuitive by nature, Leo, but today you feel especially attuned to others' thoughts, feelings, needs, and desires. Don't be surprised if you grow closer to those around you. Children, in particular, should provide warmth and love. If you're artistically inclined, start a new project today.
 Finally, the world is starting to see it your way, Leo. Be yourself and don't be squeamish about telling people exactly how it is. Your thinking is clear and focused. Use your penetrating mind to accomplish mental tasks. Your intense nature is powerful, so act wisely. Today may well be one in which other people realize that you really aren't as crazy as they first thought.
 You may feel like you're running into a brick wall at every turn, Leo, especially when it comes to emotions. The intensity of the day may have you feeling like you're in a pressure cooker. Try not to blow things out of proportion. Realize that much of the drama is more a figment of your imagination than reality. Clear away the clouds and get to the heart of the matter.
 Have you been working out, following a new dietary program, or both, Leo? If so, today you could look in the mirror and for the first time see some tangible and positive results. You're probably looking and feeling great. Don't abandon your efforts. You'll want to continue the progress. Keep the energy flowing by going for a run or other workout, then treat yourself to a small indulgence.
 You're likely to be in a solitary mood today, Leo, and probably want to spend the evening reading or working on a project of your own. However, it isn't likely to work out that way. Visitors could drop by or some equipment could go on the blink and require repairs. Some unexpected calls could come your way. Take a deep breath and summon your good manners. You can be alone tomorrow.
 You generally are good at sizing up other people and sensing their thoughts and feelings, Leo, but today that talent is greatly enhanced by increased intuition. You should be feeling especially enthusiastic and optimistic today. Both work and home life are likely to be looking good. Physically, you should be healthy and vigorous, and spiritually you should be strong. Enjoy your day.
 There's definitely a downside to home ownership! Much as you love projects, Leo, the joy is tempered when the chores never end. While your home is structurally sound, it may be in need of some cosmetic enhancement. Try adding plants and flowers indoors. Outside, a few strategically placed pots can act as attractive focal points. You can make a difference with little effort or expense.
