 Today brings the opportunity to see things as they are and not as you'd like them to be. It's easy to fool yourself sometimes, but you can only get away with that for so long before the truth comes out. There comes a time when you need to face things. Any time is an excellent time to start fresh. Take your time and trust in yourself.
 Don't be surprised if you getting back into the swing of things more slowly than usual today, Libra. Not every day starts off with a bang, so don't be too hard on yourself for this. Just take things slow and easy. If you have a deadline, consider asking for a short extension. Pushing yourself to get things accomplished can leave you feeling even less productive.
 Upsetting news about money may come your way today, Libra. This could involve your personal finances or economic factors in general that indirectly affect your finances. Don't panic. All may not be as it seems! Check the facts before acting. The situation could be real, but it's more likely the product of overblown journalism. Don't believe everything you read.
 Make yourself available to someone in need of a friend, Libra. Don't turn anyone away even if you're busy or under the weather. Chances are the person who comes to you needs the advice and support that only you can offer. Listening doesn't take that much energy, and that may be all that's required. Leave yourself open to others.
 You may feel like you aren't getting the attention you need or deserve, Libra. Because of this, you may resent the people you feel you should be getting it from. This attitude is likely to make people less likely to come to your rescue. Who wants to be around someone so needy and unhappy? Focus on yourself and your own healing before you take your issues to others.
 If you're trying to prove you have something valuable to offer, Libra, think this through. You're naturally friendly and can get along with almost anyone. This may already be your strength, and you probably have something great to bring to a crowd. Consider just being you and not always trying to feel a part of things. Start by looking at your good qualities to prove your worth to yourself.
 Getting along with others may prove challenging today, Libra. The planetary aspects can have you isolating yourself. You might feel impatient and easily annoyed. If this is so, stay solo if you can. If you can't, you'll need to curb a tendency to be argumentative or confrontational. Exercise patience and bite your tongue if that's what it takes. Avoid conflict.
 You may find it hard to admit that you can't do everything, Libra. There are some jobs that you aren't cut out to do. Why pretend when a better option would be to delegate the task to someone else? If you don't feel a strong connection with something or someone, don't force it. Pretending that you're capable of something will only cause frustration for you and everyone else.
 Something unusual could put a smile on your face today, Libra. Look for beauty and love in the simplest things. If you can't see it, then work on adjusting your attitude. Your inner state is likely what needs to be fixed, not the world around you. If you can shift to a light, understanding mood, you'll receive the laughter and romance that are sure to brighten your day.
 Ingenuity and practicality lead to success now. Something may be accomplished that has meant a lot to you, Libra, and you should feel particularly satisfied with yourself and maybe even a little excited. A lot of comings and goings could take place in the home today, with visitors and family members popping in and out. Stay centered.
 Be careful about planning things too much, Libra. Leave the morning open for spontaneous acts and haphazard events. Let the structure of the afternoon slowly evolve from the morning's events. You don't need to build Rome in a day. Enjoy a leisurely morning, and see if you can convince someone to bring you breakfast in bed. This is the perfect way to start the day.
 Today you might feel a little out of sorts, Libra, perhaps because of overindulgence from last night. You might be tempted to stay home in spite of other commitments. This actually might be a wise course of action, though you may feel better by midafternoon. Spend the morning relaxing and taking care of yourself. See what the rest of the day brings.
 The absence of direct expressions of love might make your life seem rather empty today, Libra. If you're single, there may be nobody around to have fun with. If you're involved, chances are your current love interest is unable to get together. Don't waste time fretting over this. Make some other plans.
 Memories from your past could resurface, Libra. You might wonder why you're suddenly thinking about them, but they probably represent a release of old emotional hang
 Your adventurous side could show itself, Libra. You might have a talent for an activity you never considered before, such as rafting, flying, mountain climbing, or skydiving! Or it could be a less risky pastime that's still new to you. This is a good time to tackle new projects of any kind. Just make sure you know all the ins and outs before getting started.
 An unhappy visitor, probably a woman, could come to your home today, Libra. This person has a lot of anger right now and probably won't make much of a conversationalist. If you can't make your excuses, put on some music or perhaps a funny movie. You might be surprised at the results! Some soothing chords or a few laughs might accomplish wonders. Be clever!
 Today the walls may seem to be closing in around you, and you're anxious to get out for a while, Libra. Your significant other could want nothing more than to stay in. Don't let this turn into a major issue. Find a compromise. Go out to dinner and then come home and watch TV. Enjoy your time together! If single, get out and mingle.
 Money problems may seem to be escalating, Libra, and you could be hard
 You may feel confused, Libra. If so, take a breath and slow down. Being frantic will only run you in circles. Your heart and mind are buzzing in all directions, so try to settle down. Don't feel like you need to come up with any particular solutions. Trying to pin things down will only frustrate you and waste your time.
 You may find that other people are the missing variable in the equation that you seek answers to today, Libra. Don't feel like you have to come up with all the details and resolutions yourself. Work with those who also have something to contribute to the situation at hand. A quiet, disciplined approach is exactly what's needed to plow through any problem that needs fixing.
 Perhaps you can't believe it, but it's time to say goodbye to your rigid attitude. A little pleasure among all that seriousness and responsibility won't do you any harm. This day could help you change your point of view on life. This will feel great!
 Libra, today you may have to make some important decisions. You're demanding of your friends and loved ones. Have you ever thought about why? It's possible that you demand more of them than you do of yourself, and that doesn't seem fair, does it? Today insight and inspiration will show you how you can rectify this. Lower your standards for others or raise your standards for yourself. Level the playing field.
 A wonderful day lies ahead, Libra. Life is giving you more space and freedom at the moment. You could take advantage of this space to do something with your creativity. It's the perfect time to sign up for some art classes or just begin something on your own, like singing, painting, or writing. What would you like to do? Do it!
 Don't be surprised if emotions flare up between you and someone close on a professional or social level, Libra. The issue may be difficult to resolve now. People feel rather sensitive. If they hear something they don't like, especially an opinion that may seem too critical, they're likely to shut down. You might want to consider saving anything of a sensitive nature for tomorrow.
 Something might be shaking the very ground you stand on, Libra. Just when you thought everything was calm and stable, suddenly the ground begins to rumble. Secure your footing, hold on, and stay flexible. A few steps in a different direction may position you in a safe area where you can ride out the storm with no problem. Becoming too fixed and rigid would be a bad idea.
 Get in touch with a friend you haven't heard from in a while, Libra. Someone is waiting to hear from you. Surprise him or her with an unexpected expression of love. Rely on your inner map and don't let others throw you off course. Don't waste time. Keep an eye on your goals at all times. Other people play key parts in making this day go smoothly, but don't let them manipulate you.
 If you know you've wronged another, admit it immediately, Libra. People are often quick to point out when others make mistakes, but it's the rare individual who points out their own mistakes. Demonstrate that you're strong and honorable enough to say when you've done wrong. Integrity will get you far in life, whereas deception and retreating from difficult situations will not.
 Your mastery of your mind and ability to stay disciplined about your goals is impressive, Libra. Others recognize and appreciate your efforts much more than usual. You may be called upon to assist in some other project or someone else's emotional drama because you have the stability required to remedy the situation. Don't downplay your talent in this area.
 There's extra action in your day today, Libra, so go with it. Don't fight against the wave of unconventional support that's brewing at your back door. There's a great deal of potential energy at your disposal. The only thing keeping you from harnessing it is your own mind. Don't be so scared of that which can actually help you out. Open your mind and let the new into your life.
 Talking things over with friends is likely to be a nourishing exercise for you, Libra. Instead of trying to work things out in your head, say them aloud and ask others for their perspectives. A tremendous amount of healing can take place when you confess what's bothering you. Find the relief that comes from having a willing listener.
 Your tremendous sensitivity in a certain situation could be causing you to jump to conclusions that are keeping you from seeing the truth, Libra. Your tendency is to assume things before you have all the facts. You may assume the worst, making you more stressed about the situation than you need to be. Don't worry about things you don't know to be true.
 Check your stocks today, Libra. Read the latest investment news and assess your finances. Figure out the best place to put your hard
 Searching for the hidden meaning in things may be a waste of time, Libra. Go with the flow and have fun. The more you relax, the more relaxed people will be around you. It will make for better chemistry in general, regardless of whom you're with. You need to be a friend if you want to make friends. Don't turn everyone into your enemy. Take the chance to get to know them.
 The warrior within may be stirred today. You might also have some self
 You're ready for dramatic change in your life, Libra. It isn't that you're dissatisfied with your career or personal life. Rather, you feel like you're missing out on something great, if you only knew what. Be receptive to whatever opportunities arise and explore them all. You may find the answers you seek through travel or more education. Bring a friend if you're afraid to explore on your own.
 Your normal steady pace usually wins the race, Libra, but today you might need to take some shortcuts. Jump on opportunities that seem to come out of nowhere, but don't feel like you need to commit to anything now. Take your chances and see where luck takes you. There's an adventurous spirit in the air urging you to take an unexpected gamble.
 Do you have a desire to take a trip far from where you live, Libra? Would you like to live in Europe or Asia? These are desires that you may have at the moment because you're in the process of widening your field of possibilities. See if you can seriously set up a project of this kind. People will be confident in your solidity at the moment.
 An invitation to an important social event could come today, Libra. This may be a chance to meet important people who could advance your career in some way or who might be involved in a field that interests you. Your own energy and enthusiasm won't be lost on them. You will obviously be speaking from the heart when you discuss what's on your mind.
 Now is the perfect time to say something you've been meaning to say for quite a while, Libra. Get it out in the open. Keeping it inside is only eating away at your internal mechanisms. Stop worrying about the consequences and make the move. Today is a day to be bold and aggressive. Other people might respond similarly, so if you dish it out, be sure you can take it.
 Your plans may be upended today, Libra, but this doesn't mean that you should give up hope in any way. Sometimes it's necessary to let go of control and simply let things happen as they will. Adopt a spirit of adventure and take risks that you normally may not want to take. There is a distinct advantage in spontaneity and working harmoniously with the unexpected events that are bound to occur.
 Lock into the practical, grounding force of the day that is not only realistic but also flexible. Attend to details and organize yourself, Libra. Be aware that you may need to alter your course a bit in order to fit the group dynamic. Try to work with those around you to achieve a common goal. Initiating the help of others is easier than you think as long as you stay focused and motivated.
 You have hidden talents that may be revealed to you today, Libra. Perhaps collaboration with someone new has you doing things you never thought you could. Perhaps you discover a talent for writing, graphic design, or money management. You can't help but delight in this discovery, as it opens up a world of new possibilities. You don't need to take action now. Revel in your untapped potential.
 Take a time
 You may feel a restriction to the day, but in truth, this is for your own good, Libra. Your sense of discipline comes in handy as you tackle your work with incredible enthusiasm. Your goals aren't far from your reach. Stay focused and don't get pressured by the ticking clock. Hastiness will lead to careless mistakes. If you're going to do a job, do it right the first time.
 If you're talking about another person today, Libra, don't say anything that would upset them if they were standing next to you. Gossip may run rampant, but that's no excuse to contribute to it. Be aware that what you say has a strong impact on the people around you. It's likely to spread to many more ears than you think.
 Don't automatically assume that you can work out all your problems alone, Libra. Just talking things out with others may help shed light on a situation that baffled you earlier. Enlist the help of others in areas where you need it. Don't be ashamed to ask for assistance. We all have problems and issues to deal with. You aren't alone.
 Your dreams will never come true unless you believe in and act on them, Libra. No one else is going to do it for you. Unless you have a fairy godmother, you need to take matters into your own hands. Realize that you can get there many different ways. The first step is always to believe in yourself and the fact that anything is possible. Today is a great day to let your imagination take charge.
 Don't run away from the tension today, Libra. Any emotional stress you feel will be compounded if it isn't dealt with right away. Be in the moment while the moment is here. The more you face the present, the less you will regret in the future. Clear up any sticky situation that arises and move forward. People may not understand your needs and concerns until you clearly verbalize them.
 Enlist the help of others today, Libra. Information exchange is key to putting the last few puzzle pieces into place. Doing things on your own is important and necessary, but at some point you need to realize that the next major step requires a certain amount of input from others. Gather data and apply it to your situation. Don't become a leech or burden to others.
 Take a break from your steady climb today, Libra. Look at things around you. Enjoy a night out with friends and take an active role in the conversation. See a movie or play. Do more socializing and you will be able to release some of the tension that you might not even realize you have inside. Get the energy moving again. Take an active role and keep up with the beat.
 Try to align your mind with your emotions today, Libra. It's possible that a powerful yet subtle force is slowly pulling you off track. If so, you should think about taking a break and doing some fast
 If the doorknob doesn't turn today, Libra, don't force it. You will only break it. Perhaps you need to try another door. If things don't flow smoothly into place, then they probably weren't meant to be. Life shouldn't always be a struggle. Your job is to enjoy it. Remember that the next time you're in a long line. View the situation as a period of rest.
 The world is wide open to you today, Libra, so take advantage of all the great things it has to offer. Even though you may not realize it, you have a loyal fan club developing in the wings. The things you say and do have a strong impact on others. This is a fantastic day to take charge and lead others who seem to be floundering. Your solid perspective will be an asset in every situation.
 A close friend or member of your household could be having money problems, Libra, and might want to draw upon your business sense in order to make sense of the situation and find ways to put it right. As you're likely to be feeling especially sensitive to the needs of others, you could be of valuable assistance to this person and anyone else who needs some insight.
 Enjoy yourself, Libra. You have a lot to be grateful for, so give thanks. Take pride in all you've accomplished so far and share your joy with others. Let go of the reins and sit back comfortably for a while. You've worked hard for a reason 
 Some mysterious telephone calls might come your way 
 Romance blossoms for you, Libra, perhaps after a long standstill. A new stability and security may settle on love relationships as well as close friendships. Children could be a great source of warmth and pleasure. You might want to channel some of this blossoming positive energy into a creative activity of some kind, which should increase even further your sense of contentment and well
 The high from your recent successes could make you want to purchase luxury items that you used to think were impractical, Libra. This is fine as long as you're discriminating and don't give in to impulse buying. This also isn't a good time to overindulge in food or drink. You should let yourself enjoy your success while still using common sense.
 Your financial situation should continue to expand now, Libra. Believe in yourself. Don't worry if you hear rumors that make the future seem rather grim. This is probably misinformation coming from unreliable sources. Continue to work toward your goals. Meanwhile, check out the rumors and find the real facts. You will probably discover that all is far better than the gossipers claim.
 Some paperwork might need execution today, Libra. This may be tedious, but it's apt to open new doors for you and pave the way to more success and good fortune. Writing or speaking might be involved in some way, and modern technology plays a definite part in what you will be doing. This could lead to valuable contacts and new friendships. Explore your options.
 Worries about a relative who lives far away might plague you today, Libra. The situation isn't helped by the fact that you may not be able to reach them by phone or email. You may have to contact mutual friends who can give you the information you need. Circumstances probably aren't all that dire. There's probably nothing to be overly concerned about, but you need to hear this. Keep trying.
 A group you're affiliated with could find some discrepancies in their financial records and ask you to check into it, Libra. This is probably due more to mistaken entries or lost pages than to any major disaster, but solving it will set everyone's mind at ease. Don't be surprised if you have to dig through little scraps of paper buried in the bottom of files. It will be worth it, though.
 Love is in the air, Libra! You may encounter some wonderfully passionate situations today. You're ready to live these marvelously rich and emotional experiences to the fullest. Put your doubts and insecurities away for the time being. Lose yourself in pleasure and the unknown. Have a great time!
 It's time to put your plans in motion, Libra. There's a very expansive energy urging you to reach out and make valuable connections with others. Remember that many hands make light work. Don't hesitate to ask for help if you need it. There are many outstretched hands waiting to help you in whatever way you need.
 Don't be quick to criticize today, Libra. Keep things positive and think about how you can compliment someone. Your heart might need a bit more attention than usual, so surround yourself with people who bring your spirits up rather than drag them down. If you're always looking to the future, you may not realize all the wonderful things happening in the present.
 Put your reservations aside, Libra, and go for the thing your heart desires most. Throw caution to the wind and make it happen. Today's energy urges you to take charge of your life and conquer new territory. There's dynamism about the day that could leave you behind unless you latch onto the trend and make it work for you.
 You have a tremendous ability to understand the inner workings of any situation, Libra. You may need to give someone a reality check to make sure they're on the same page as you. Use your criticism constructively so you don't alienate yourself from the people. Help to fill in the blanks in a situation that isn't fully understood by all parties, and move the project to the next level.
 Take time out to change the things in your life that need restoring, Libra. Explore your emotional needs and find ways to satisfy them. You may need to adopt a radically different approach in order to get where you need to go. Even if things seem unstable at first, they're likely to smooth out and be much more dependable eventually. Be an individual.
 Today you may have to commit to some values close to your heart, Libra. As a child, you were aware of the role you had to play in society. You were greatly concerned about others. Today you will probably be asking yourself if you should get involved and make decisions in the general interest.
 You're very tolerant toward a particular person in your entourage, which is probably due to your generous nature, Libra. You think everyone should have his or her own experiences and setbacks. After all, we learn from our mistakes. Sometimes you aren't very humble, but your friends are lucky to have someone they can count on.
 You have the tendency to plan everything, Libra. You need to feel in charge of things. Today you should try to listen to others around you. Let yourself go for a while, even though you aren't used to it. Furthermore, you need to develop your personality. You can do this by opening up to others.
 Your heightened sensitivity could get you in trouble today, Libra. The more you try to pin down a specific answer to something, the more resistance you may encounter. Don't expect a straight answer from anyone or you will be disappointed. People may be flighty or forgetful. Try not to take anything too seriously today.
 People and situations egg you on today, Libra. It may seem like there's contention around every corner. Remember that your path is the one that you chose. You may or may not have anticipated the barriers, but they're unavoidable. The key to success is to strike the right balance between inner and outer activities. Don't direct all your frustration at others. Don't hold it all in, either.
 Do your thing today, Libra, and don't take garbage from others. Take control of the issue when you see that something needs to get done. Others may be acting rashly and see things differently than you do. Don't change your point of view just to make it easier on others. If people are in your way, confront them.
 Things probably aren't going to go exactly as you planned today, Libra. Realize that people may act in erratic, powerful bursts, especially when it comes to emotional issues. Your feelings may be a bit distant, and you may find it hard to get in touch with what's really going on inside you. Do your best to maintain a positive attitude. That's all anyone can ask.
 Don't worry so much about getting things done today, Libra. Instead, concentrate on your feelings and relationships. A caring, sensitive attitude is needed, as opposed to a harsh, militant way of dealing with things. You will find that by adopting a tender, nurturing tone, people will be much more receptive to you in general.
 You should feel a renewed sense of confidence today that will help anchor your emotions and give strength to your thoughts and ideas, Libra. Don't take a pessimistic attitude toward everything around you. Look at the good instead of the bad. By maintaining a negative viewpoint about things, you're only adding to the problem. You have every right to be happy.
 Tune into the aggressive energy of today, Libra, and use it to push your intentions forward. Today's emotional intensity will bring you to your knees if you aren't careful. The secret is to harness the energy and use it to your advantage. Try not to get caught between the crossfire of conflict. Tap into the slow
 Today isn't a day to stay inside and sulk, Libra. Put the past behind you and move on. Grab opportunities with both hands and rev your engine into high gear. Stop looking at what lies behind and focus on the wide
 Today can be an extremely productive day, Libra. You're in a good space from which to work and this will aid you in all your endeavors. Today is also excellent for looking at some of the long
 Unless you want to get into an intellectual sparring match today, you might want to stay home, Libra. But this battle of wits could also take place in your own kitchen, so perhaps you should take a long walk by yourself and avoid others. Or simply prepare for battle. People aren't apt to be very sympathetic to your cause, so wear your armor.
 Your mind should be clear today and communications should go extremely well for you, Libra. Very few words will be needed to get your point across. You will connect to people on many levels. Realize that you have important information to share with those around you. Your critical, practical, grounded opinion plays a key role in the activities of the day.
 Have some fun today, Libra. It's time to balance all the work you've been doing with a little bit of fun. Yesterday's honest efforts are turning into today's rewards. There's no need to be shy when it comes to receiving what is rightfully yours. Be proud of your accomplishments. If you can't find someone to take you out to dinner, take yourself out!
 While this may be a day when all you want to do is to relax, you may not feel like you can, Libra. A little voice is telling you to work. Perhaps you're inspired to clean out your closet, change the landscaping, or wash your windows. Put these tasks aside. Forced manual labor isn't the way to go today. If you're going to put that much energy into something, put it into having fun.
 The signs say that you can expect a very profitable few weeks ahead, Libra. You've worked hard lately, and it's only natural that you have finally arrived at this stage. You're going to be able to measure the distance you've come and evaluate your power. Whatever you do, don't think small!
 What looks like solid ground may be quicksand, Libra. Be careful where you step. There's an element of misunderstanding to the day that might make it difficult to get through to people. The good news is that your emotions are quite solid. Your inner stability should help you keep a healthy frame of mind, regardless of the events that transpire.
 Hold on to your wallet, Libra, because you may have some strange {though noble) impulses to give away your money or spend a large amount on something useless. You should think about spending your money in a better way or not at all. Why not consider donating some of your time rather than money to those in need?
 You may get caught up in gossip if you aren't careful, Libra, and people may find this off
 It's a good day to express your thoughts and feelings, Libra. Whether it's a loved one who'd appreciate affectionate words or a colleague who requires instruction, communication will come more easily than usual. You have a practical nature. Often you say what you think is required and not much else. Yet others may need you to say a lot more. Consider this as you go about your day.
 You may get the feeling that despite all the hard work you've accomplished, something is still missing, Libra. There's still a long road ahead, regardless of the goals you've attained so far. Perhaps the thing you're searching for is a tender moment with a loved one, something that's much closer than you think. Stop searching far and wide for the thing that's right under your nose.
 The planetary energies are encouraging you to make some adjustments regarding your social ambitions. You may desire to change professions or your circle of friends. This is trickier than you might think, as the culture of your current world is an extension of you. You're drawn to what's familiar. Your natural tendency will be to go back to where you came from.
 There may be a bit of tension and conflict in your world today, Libra. Be prepared for mild contention that could turn into an all
 You need to learn an important lesson in follow
 Expect to have to make some adjustments in your love life, Libra. You may be in a different frame of mind than your partner. Why not use the day to step back from the relationship? Spend time apart for a change. After all, there's nothing dramatic about the fact that your needs and desires aren't in sync. It's only temporary.
 You're likely to be faced with conflicting reports today, Libra. Information may be tainted with emotion, so be careful about going with the choice that shouts the loudest. You may get pigeonholed into a place you don't want to be in. Heed the internal warnings you pick up. This is a good day to work and play with passion. Take care of any investigative work that needs to be done.
 An invitation to an important social event could come today, Libra. This could represent a chance to meet important people who could advance your career or who might be involved in a field that interests you. Your energy and enthusiasm won't be lost on these people, or anyone for that matter, as you will obviously be speaking from the heart when you discuss what's on your mind.
 Some good but surprising news could come your way today, Libra. Perhaps a family member or friend will call or drop by with a surprising development that directly affects you. In the evening, go out together and celebrate. Don't forget to include your special someone in your celebration plans.
 Are you ready, Libra? Are you in shape for what's going to happen? The celestial aspects are heralding a new cycle that will be filled to the brim with activities, new people, and new professional perspectives. Let's hope that you've been able to rest up lately. If you haven't, try to schedule in some afternoon naps!
 You don't have to answer to society's cultural values, Libra. If most of your work is organized around an activity that's considered fashionable, you will never succeed in feeling good about yourself or your creations. You're too motivated by meaningful activities to spend your time with frivolous ones. Today's aspects will push you to cut yourself off from all that doesn't resonate deeply.
 This is a contemplative day, Libra. You seem to be developing new techniques, means, therapies, and methods to use in your main occupation. Today you're likely to question your underlying reasons for so much innovation. Why reinvent the world? Although you may not make any major changes in your activities, you could find new justifications for them.
 Low biorhythms could have you feeling a little depressed. You may tend to doubt your goals and abilities. Don't let this send you into a fit of gloom, Libra. All is better than it seems. Realize that today you're likely to blow every little setback out of proportion. Give everything you try your very best effort. Go out tonight and have a good time!
 Prepare for a somewhat stressful day, Libra. Your family life may be marred by some disagreements. There's some likelihood you will feel as though your territory is being invaded and your range of action limited. But you have no intention of surrendering. You've a right to a room of your own. You will fight for it tooth and nail!
 You can look forward to an enjoyable day, Libra. Neither family matters nor career issues will cloud your spirit, as everything seems to be proceeding smoothly and according to plan. Moreover, the day's aspects seem to be inviting you to be a little more adventurous than usual. Any artistic or romantic undertaking will be especially fulfilling.
 A lot of activity could take place around home today. It could involve a number of visitors, or it could simply be a lot of work that needs doing. Either way, you might feel a bit frazzled, and the temptation to run away from it all might be almost irresistible. Relax! There's no need to stress out. Just do what needs to be done and enjoy the rest of the day.
 You may wonder why all the attention isn't focused on you, Libra. Perhaps you feel cheated and irritable. The more annoyed you get, the more you will drive others away instead of draw them to you. Rather than get upset or angry because attention isn't coming your way, join with the prevailing happy
 No one likes rejection, but no one likes rejection less than you, Libra. You may hesitate to take risks in the unknown. Keep in mind that by playing it safe, you deprive yourself of the very adventure that could turn your life around. There's an energetic, expansive feeling in the air encouraging you to take that leap of faith. This energy may feel foreign to you, but it's time to embrace it.
 Today may be filled with "I told you so!" You could find fault with others who haven't dealt with the truth of a situation. Be careful about accusing someone of the very thing that you're guilty of, Libra. Penetrating emotions will cut to the heart of the matter, and there will be no way to escape the hole you dig for yourself. Don't criticize others when until you take an honest look at yourself.
 The desire for independence may have some family members thinking about breaking out on their own. Others could desire to make some extra money for their own projects. Your house could be busy today, if you're in it at all. Don't be surprised if everyone spends most of the day somewhere else.
 A reunion with a family member who has been away or out of touch could generate some powerful emotions, Libra. Memories could come flooding back, making you both nostalgic and maybe a bit angry. Take care to curb the latter. You don't want to spoil your reunion. Take a long, objective look at the memories and try to figure out what they mean to you now. Then let them go.
 Conflict over money could get in the way of your usual cordial relationships, Libra. Attention to the household budget is definitely needed. Unexpected events may require some immediate purchases that you hadn't planned on. They might require some scrimping, but you should be able to minimize the need if you plan carefully. Don't make yourself crazy over anything today. You will get through it!
 If you have someone special in your life, Libra, today is a perfect day to stop playing at being your partner's parent, as you sometimes seem to do. Reverse roles, and let other people take care of you. The world won't fall apart if you let go for a while. No matter what happens, a day like today should open your eyes.
 Today could discourage even the most ardent of passions, Libra. Even if some people say you're a bit cold, know that there's a veritable volcano burning underneath all that ice. Today you may once again find yourself at a distance from your feelings, as if you were regaining control over your emotions. Be careful about being too cynical about things.
 There are some wonderful surprises in store for you, Libra. They could come in the form of a new career opportunity or potential dates. With the current planetary aspects, you can avail yourself of the best ways to find personal and professional fulfillment. Don't hesitate to be original. That quality will trump everything else!
 You've been doing a lot of cleaning up and clearing out. Since this project has been going on for several years now, you must be doing a particularly thorough job. Finally, it seems as if you're getting things straight with your karma. Today will be a big day, Libra. You may be able to leave part of your childhood behind, as at last you understand that it's ancient history.
 Abandon the myth that you don't have any gifts or means at your disposal, Libra. The proof is that you have your body. Are you taking care of yourself? Do you exercise? Do you take care of minor health issues? All of these questions are related. You regard your gifts the same way you regard your body.
 Today you may be anxious to spend time with your family, Libra, but there could be some chores you need to do first. This could stress you out quite a bit if you let it. Roll up your sleeves and handle whatever needs to be done and then hightail it back to your hEarth. Relax and enjoy the company of your loved ones!
 Your psychic abilities and imagination are operating at a very high level, Libra. You face other people with a profound, spiritual love. They will return it! You might want to write down your thoughts or draw pictures of whatever pops into your mind, even if you don't feel you have talent. It's more important to keep a record for you than set things down for posterity.
 Your judgment about people relies too much on general opinion, Libra. As soon as you meet someone, you accept what others think about him or her without trying to find out more. This lack of curiosity could lead you to make a hasty decision about someone today. If you take the time to listen with your heart, you could be impressed by what you hear.
 You can be known for needing a lot of love, but you will never admit that to yourself, much less anyone else. Sometimes it seems as if you like feeling emotionally frustrated. Today is the perfect day to meditate about whether or not this is true of you. Do you talk to other people about your emotional needs?
 You have a to
 You have a generous spirit, Libra, which could get you into trouble if you aren't careful. When you get a gift of money or even a hint of one, your tendency is to buy presents for all your friends. It's hard to fault you for this, but there are other ways to show your affection. You could bake cookies to distribute, for example. This will keep your money safe and earning interest.
 You've been hoping for a quiet day on the job, Libra, but too many calls could come your way. You might have to juggle several at once. Don't try to deal with every problem. Exercise your triage abilities and take care of the most pressing first. Let the others go, if necessary. You aren't doing anyone any favors by getting too distracted. Even you can be less than thorough when overwhelmed.
 You clean house like someone with an attention problem, Libra. You never stick with one task. Your bathroom mirrors and counters will get cleaned, but not the floor. Make an effort to clean thoroughly, one room at a time. Even if you don't get through the whole house, you will receive some satisfaction from knowing that parts of it are spotless.
 Don't hesitate to say the obvious today, Libra, even if it sounds corny. Many times people hesitate to say what they really feel because they think it's obvious to everyone. The truth of the matter is that most people aren't mind readers and probably aren't picking up on the subtle signals that you send out. Help them by speaking frankly.
 You may receive some important information today. This message could have a dramatic ripple effect on your life. You may change jobs or even move to a different part of the country, all as a result of the information you receive. You may be nervous about making such dramatic changes to your life, but trust that they're for the better. Dare to take the risk, Libra.
 There are no half measures today, Libra. You feel every emotion to the nth degree. This could make for an intense day. Make an effort to calm down. Rather than inject your opinion into every conversation, make it a point to step away from the group. The talk is animated enough without you stirring things up further. Spend the evening with loved ones. They will be more tolerant of your mood.
 Uncomfortable intuitive impressions from someone close might be troubling, Libra. Is your friend ill or bothered by events out of his or her control? Your friend probably won't want to talk much about it, so you will just have to let them tell you what's going on when the time is right. This could be frustrating for you, but be patient. That's all you can do now.
 Money matters may seem up in the air today, Libra. Your usual practicality may desert you. This could make you stressed and angry because you're perfectly capable of dealing with your finances. Don't worry. The vagueness should pass by tomorrow. In the meantime, get some help, or if your concerns aren't too urgent, wait a day or two. Give yourself a break.
 An unexpected sum of money could come your way today, Libra. It probably won't be large, but it will be welcome nonetheless. Perhaps someone has owed you money for a long time and finally repays it. Or you might sell an item you've wanted to unload for a long time. Whatever it is, you might want to take a friend to dinner. Go for it and have fun!
 Here's a suggestion. If you get a strange vibe about a situation today, walk away, Libra. Your instincts will tell you if something is dangerous or not. If you don't feel safe, find another place to be. You won't be productive in an environment where you don't feel comfortable. You will also enjoy yourself much more if you can relax in the situation instead of being uptight about it.
 A luxury you've been craving could seem very tempting today, Libra. Make sure you're really ready, willing, and able to spend the money to get it. Think about it carefully before whipping out your credit card. Do you really want it that much? Is the expense feasible right now? If so, go for it. Luxuries aren't always a waste of money. They can do wonders for your self
 You might be surprised by how clever and creative you are today, Libra. Just for fun, you may decide to pick up a paintbrush and try watercolor painting or perhaps writing some poetry. Whatever you attempt, you can be fairly sure that it will work out favorably. Your creative muse is there on your shoulder and waiting for you to make use of her!
 The astral configuration indicates that you can expect a financial windfall of some sort, Libra! This is great, but don't celebrate just yet. While it seems likely that your income is going to increase through a raise or bonus, there are signs that the money isn't immediately forthcoming. Continue to live as usual, though with the satisfaction of knowing that things are going to improve soon.
 If you've been doing some creative or job
 You could be introduced to a celebrity you admire, probably a woman, perhaps at a lecture or book signing, Libra. This could make a profound difference in your life, as this person may inspire you. A romantic partner could meet her as well, and the two of you should have a lot to discuss over dinner. Relax and enjoy your evening. It could change your life in a very subtle way.
 Today you might be in the public eye along with some close friends and perhaps a love partner. You may be giving a speech, leading a discussion group, or be the center of attention at a party. You're likely to hold those around you spellbound, as your oratorical capabilities are very high. Enjoy the attention and make sure you give back what you get.
 Hold tight to your money, Libra, because you may have some strange {though noble) impulses to give it away or spend a large amount on something completely useless. You should think about spending your money in a better way or, better yet, not at all. Why not consider donating some time rather than money to those in need?
 This would be an ideal day to take extra good care of your body, Libra. Don't kid yourself that those back problems will just go away 
 Accomplishing some important business might require touching base with many people who live and work far away, perhaps in other countries. This might require that you spend a lot of time on the phone, and it also would require allowing for the different time zones, which could be a drag. You will eventually make the contacts you need, even if they don't come until tomorrow.
 Seize today, Libra. This is the day you've been waiting for. Don't back down from the intensity. You have the power to get ahead in whatever it is you wish to accomplish in this lifetime. You will find your willpower and discipline strong. It's time to grab the opportunities that are presented to you. Take the plunge toward a brighter future and be confident of your success.
 Today is a terrific day for you, Libra. You have the chance to start over on many levels, especially romantic ones. Whether or not you're in a serious romantic relationship, you will find all your interactions with close friends and partners to be especially tender and meaningful. Strengthen your bond with the people around you and your inner core will be strengthened as a result.
 Today is excellent for you, Libra. You should be encouraged to take action in any artistic realm. Cook a scrumptious dinner and share it with a loved one. Give your heart a chance to speak and act on what it says. Your feminine and masculine sides are on the same page now. Take the opportunity to balance these two aspects. You're a magnet for love and romance.
 You may get frustrated when people who've taken shortcuts gain on your position, Libra. You believe that hard work is necessary to get where you need to go. You aren't afraid to expend the blood and sweat needed for success. You've planned well and you're on track. Try not to get upset by others who take the easy route. They may seem like they're gaining on you, but you're light
 Usually you're quite social, Libra, but today you will feel like nothing more than working alone. Notwithstanding your wishes, however, you might be plagued with phone calls, visitors, and people wanting advice or help. Don't fight it. Go with the flow. Take care of what you need to and then spend the evening alone. Everyone has days like this.
 Are you working on a project that requires a little ingenuity? If so, today you may draw a blank. No matter how hard you think about it, you can't come up with a good way to proceed. Perhaps it would be best to put it away and do something else for a while. Trying to force the issue will only reinforce the mental blocks. Relax and let it come naturally in its own time.
 There's a lot of work to be done today, and much of it centers on finances. Whether you're working on budgets or investments, you will easily finish the task. Your trusty computer will help you as you discover a new website that supports your efforts or post a question in a financial chatroom that yields many responses. Favorable advancement is likely, Libra, if not today then quite soon.
 Spend some quality time with your partner today, Libra. Perhaps he or she is a little jealous of your friends or feeling left out. Perhaps you've received invitations lately that are just for you. It might be a good idea to turn one down in favor of being with your partner. Plan a romantic interlude. A little quality time can help get things back on track.
 You may feel some frustration over your perceived inability to reach an important milestone in your career. It's possible that you only need to reevaluate the benchmarks you've set in order to see that you've made more progress than you thought. Remember, ultimately, the time it takes you to reach a goal matters less than the fact that you reach it.
 A day off is just what the doctor ordered, Libra. Try to get some rest. Spend time curled up with a good book. Only go out with friends if you're feeling absolutely stir crazy. You should do no work. Your body and spirit crave a break. Take care of your basic need to refresh yourself. Everything else will fall into place afterward.
 The planetary energy leaves you in a contemplative mood, Libra. A lot of different possibilities have opened up for you recently, and you're trying to figure out which is the most appropriate now. Sometimes it's better to let things churn around in your subconscious for a while, and this could be one of those times. Forget it for now and have fun.
 You could be in an uncomfortable situation with friends today, Libra. There may be gossip going around about a mutual friend and you will be tempted to join in. Remember that repeated stories are rarely completely true. You would hate to lose a friendship if he or she found out you said something unflattering. Be careful. The people you're gossiping with may gossip about you later.
 Are you interested in psychology? If so, you might discover some information that clues you in to your mental and emotional history. Such disciplines as past
 A task that requires a lot of writing might have you discovering a new talent you never knew you had. You might be surprised, but you will want to develop this new skill. It could involve technology in some way, or it could entail working with money. A number of people could confer with you at some point during the day, Libra, perhaps asking advice about future business trends.
 Are you sometimes afraid of appearing silly in front of people, Libra? The fear of failing in the eyes of others might be holding you back from real progress. The celestial energies are asking you to think about this carefully today. With all of your analytical strengths and abilities, just think of all that you could accomplish if you had the courage to take more risks!
 Take a leap of faith today, Libra. Consider taking two or three. Trust that things will follow through perfectly. You will be drawn to those who put a smile on your face. These are the people you need to stick close to now. A positive attitude will lead you in a positive direction. Have fun with your life instead of getting depressed by it.
 Break open any door that seems to block you today, Libra. It won't take a great deal of effort on your part to accomplish this. The key is to be more flexible in your approach and merge with the group effort instead of trying to fight against it. You will find that when you open yourself to the people around you, there are a significant number who want to break down that same door.
 You may get a bit frustrated in the morning because of a lack of commitment on the part of others, Libra. You may find it hard to pin down an answer when everything seems to be up in the air. The good news is that things should run much more smoothly by this evening and well into tonight. Note a major boost in emotional self
 You could meet new friends at a social gathering, Libra, people who could become valuable business contacts. You might learn of new and different investment opportunities that reflect the changing times, and these could capture your imagination. Your understanding of others runs deep, so relations should be congenial. You're in the right mood to make the necessary decisions unhesitatingly.
 You may be trying to deal with things in a neat, orderly manner today, Libra. Try not to get too frustrated if things don't work out exactly the way you'd like. Tension may occur when matters of the heart come up for discussion. People may get rather emotional, sending your neat, orderly plan right out the window.
 Relax and settle down today, Libra. Take some time to enjoy where you are and the people around you. There's a promise that you need to fulfill, and you should think about how you can honor it now. Do something for others instead of keeping the focus on you and your goals and ambitions. The more you invest in others now, the bigger the payoff you will receive from these actions in the future.
 You're a hard worker, Libra, with a good business head and strong practical sense. However, success in the past few weeks might have you thinking about doing something more innovative to earn your money, possibly something to do with the opportunities surrounding the Internet. Business and personal communication of all kinds should come to you during this auspicious period.
 You may keep having the same thoughts over and over in your head, Libra. Each day you may work out a different scenario for the way it comes to an end. You know that you will get to this critical decision at some point in your life, so why not experiment with all the solutions now? Stay calm and turn to others when you get into a bind along the way.
 Check your messages often, Libra. Someone is trying to contact you and you may keep missing each other by minutes. It's important to connect with this person to take care of some matters. If your objectives are clear, things should work out fine. Two people working toward the same goal make the power of the joint effort extremely potent. Don't underestimate this incredible influence.
 Money that you may have been hoping to use to better your living or working condition could suddenly come your way today, Libra. Ideas for how to put it to work in the most efficient, satisfying way could pop into your mind quickly. You will probably want to write them all down, consider your options carefully, and then choose the ones that suit your needs best. Go to it.
 Take some time to break out of your normal routine and see what's going on in the world around you, Libra. You could be so focused and so driven toward a specific goal that you fail to take into account the rest of the world. You may not even be aware that these outside energies have a huge effect on what you're doing in your own little compartment.
 Matters of the heart may not be going smoothly, Libra. Perhaps someone's approach has been too aggressive. Maybe you've been too pushy about what you want. Tension builds up and creates disharmony instead of love. Perhaps you need to examine the dynamics of the relationship. Tough times may indicate that the honeymoon is over. If you're single, it's probably for the best right now.
 Nurture your artistic, romantic side today, Libra. Your feet may be a little cold, but that's what you get for splashing around in the rain. Don't worry about it. Your heart and mind are finally on the same page and it's much easier to say exactly how you feel. Take off the wet socks and put on a dry pair. Take to the streets and meet up with a fun troupe of merriment tonight.
 You might spend a lot of time in conversation with friends who share your interests. Their insights could lead to new insights on your part, Libra, and vice versa. This process could bring all of you closer together. Good news could come through the mail, email, or phone regarding goals you've been trying to reach. You're also likely to send out a lot of communications yourself.
 New earning or investment possibilities could have you in a quandary over which one is the best for you, Libra. There are a number of solutions 
 If someone tries to criticize you, Libra, don't be afraid to defend yourself. Other people aren't going to be afraid to speak their minds, and you shouldn't either. You may feel like someone is prodding you with a stick. They probably just want to get some sort of reaction out of you. Be honest about how you feel and explain your statements instead of just being curt.
 Pour yourself a comforting cup of tea today, Libra. Take a hot shower or a long bath. In short, pamper yourself. You may be picking up on the extra tension of the people around you. Be conscious of this and make a mental note to strip away the garbage that others dump on you. You're a sensitive individual. Pat yourself on the back and look out for sudden moves from others.
 Positive emotions like love, enthusiasm, or optimism that have been repressed for years could surface today, bringing a new sense of joy and anticipation for the future, Libra. This could involve activities that you enjoyed as a child. Don't feel silly if you want to ride a merry
 Unsettling developments regarding money could cause some upset, Libra, but they'll be resolved by day's end. You could lose and find your wallet or bank errors could prove to be its fault and not yours. Someone you thought you knew well could show a darker side you haven't seen before and cause you to reevaluate your involvement with that person. This is a great day to resolve inner issues.
 You won't feel particularly social today, Libra. You'd be happiest at home with a good book, a good meal, and no contact with the outside world. Alas, such solitude isn't always possible. You may have to balance your need for isolation with obligations to colleagues. Part of your grumpiness might be due to a physical imbalance. Make it an early night and you will wake tomorrow with a new attitude.
 Your career is about to take a turn for the better, Libra. New professional possibilities may come your way today. Be receptive to any invitations or offers. Your advancement may not come in the most traditional way, so you need to pay close attention. Don't overlook something that seems beyond your capabilities. Your reach should always exceed your grasp. Stretch!
 A friend could put forth some ideas regarding incorporating the arts into a business enterprise, Libra. A lot of discussion could result, though it's unlikely that any final decisions will be made now. More ideas should come over the next few days. Some intense research on your end should shed some light on the workability of the project. Go to it!
 Intuition could prove extremely valuable when it comes to dealing with a sticky situation, Libra. You know all the rules, you know all the proper methods for whatever you do, but today you could be driven to make decisions based on gut feelings rather than rules or logic. Think of it as a valuable new tool for understanding how to deal with people and make the most of it.
 Some intense work you've done in the past that you might have forgotten about could have caught the attention of someone in authority, Libra. Some long
 It's unlike you, but today you rely on your intuition to guide you through some tricky territory, Libra. You may be somewhat distressed by the behavior of the people close to you. You're at a loss to understand their thinking. You will find that when you stop thinking logically and let yourself feel emotionally, you will likely gain insight into their actions.
 Your imagination is flying high today, Libra. Whatever challenges come up, you will find ingenious solutions to them. Love matters and the creative arts could come to the forefront. This is definitely a good day to indulge your interests, whatever they are. You've worked hard and deserve some time to simply sit back and enjoy yourself. Have a great day!
 If you've been concerned about your health for any reason, Libra, today your medical professional could give you a clean bill of health. You will believe it, because you're likely to feel wonderful. Stress has vanished, at least for now, and your energy and enthusiasm are higher than they've been for a long time. Enjoy yourself. Go out with some friends. You've earned it!
 You may feel rather introspective today, Libra, and decidedly out of step with everyone else's frenzied pace. You're a thoughtful person with deep spiritual beliefs. It's understandable that you may sometimes feel disheartened by all the consumerism and conspicuous consumption that fills society. Try not to let this get you down. Try to focus instead on your reasons for being happy.
 An increased awareness of subtle undercurrents may have you feeling a bit disconcerted today, Libra. You could experience clairvoyant or telepathic abilities you didn't know you had. As you usually like to be down to Earth and realistic, this may throw you for a loop, but try to flow with it. Reality isn't necessarily limited to what is perceived by the usual five senses!
 A friend could be having financial troubles and ask you for a loan, Libra. You like this person and understand what he or she's going through, so you want to help. But it could be a while before your friend is solvent again. If you make the loan, remember the adage about never lending anything to a friend that you aren't willing to consider a gift. Don't depend on immediate repayment.
 Take your mind off your stressful duties and responsibilities today, Libra. This is a time for emotions and ego to connect in harmony. Don't let other people's problems ruin your good mood. There's a need for you to consciously let your mind and body be at ease. Art and music will bring you a great deal of pleasure. Indulge in the things that make you truly happy.
 Your mind is sharp today, and your willingness to work is equally strong, Libra. Use this powerful combination of forces to your full advantage. You will find that your brain is like a powerful steel trap. There is very little that will escape your attention. The most important thing for you to remember is to not let other people obstruct your progress.
 You're practical and down to Earth, Libra. Today your intuition is more active than usual. You might receive some powerful messages from the higher planes that open up new doors for you. Don't ignore them. Think about what's in them before you accept or reject them. You could also tune in more strongly than usual to the thoughts and feelings of others.
 Spiritual insights you received over the past few days could turn your thoughts to serving others. You might have a talent for teaching and choose to share what you've learned in this way, Libra. You should feel especially healthy and energetic, so you may be tempted to plunge ahead. Plan carefully. Even the most admirable of enterprises needs to be faced in a practical frame of mind.
 Mundane and perhaps boring tasks could take up much of your morning, Libra, but you will need to get them out of the way so you can move on to more exciting projects. More paperwork might be required in order to get these things started, but you will get it done quickly and efficiently. Keep on plugging along. You're on the right track!
 Things should be going well for you in the love and romance department, Libra, but you could find that today things get a bit tenuous. While you want things to be clear and planned out, it could be that your partner longs for more freedom and spontaneity. Tension may result if either party becomes too set in their ways. The tension may arise when neither partner wants to take the lead.
 You may need to make some mental adjustments in order to get on the same wavelength as other people today, Libra. You may not see what all the fuss is about. Don't take things too seriously and don't feel like you need to make sense of every detail that presents itself. Some things are best left unknown. Enjoy the diversity in your world and respect the differences in other people's approaches.
 Family members could spring some surprising news on you today, Libra. This news may concern people you know or perhaps a family member has some interesting plans of his or her own that you weren't aware of. Although positive, this news could throw you for a loop. It should definitely cause you to alter your thinking in some way. Don't let emotion overwhelm logic right now.
 The planetary alignment is favorable, and you're in the process of reaping the benefits, Libra. It was only a matter of becoming aware of and settling certain matters related to your need for social recognition. Don't be so hungry for approval, Libra. Everybody contains a stern inner parent and can survive comfortably in total self
 Today's energy will help you take steps toward getting things in order, Libra. Tackle the drawers, closets, storage rooms, and cabinets. Organization is a good activity for today. Creating order brings a sense of peace and personal control. Mental organization like goal setting, budgeting, or scheduling will add to this feeling. Sift through and clean out as many corners as you can.
 Feed your mind new knowledge, Libra. Visit a bookstore or read some interesting information on the web. If you have more time, visit the library or find out about some courses that might be perfect for you. There's knowledge to be had everywhere you look, provided you're open to receiving it. People are often the best resource. Ask someone to explain something, if that's what you need.
 You may find that today brings great physical strength and energy to you, Libra. Given this, you may really want to do some tough, challenging physical work. This is certainly the day for it, so why not go for it? Do some yard work or clean out closets, cupboards, drawers, and filing cabinets. Consider donating items that you don't use anymore or plan a garage sale to make some bucks.
 Focus on yourself today, Libra. Take note of your health. You probably know that this is something you must take care of always, not just sometimes. Daily routines are important. It's up to you to stick to them. The little things like taking vitamins, staying active, and relaxing help maintain a healthy body. If you aren't feeling your best, make your habits more conducive to glowing health.
 If you think you have to prove that you have something valuable to offer, Libra, consider this carefully. You're naturally friendly and can get along with almost anyone. This may already be your strength. You have something great to bring to a crowd. Consider being yourself and not trying so hard to feel a part of things. Look at your qualities and you will prove your worth to yourself.
 Getting along with others may prove challenging today, Libra. The influence from the planetary aspects can have you preferring to withdraw and isolate. You might feel impatient and annoyed. If so, and being alone is an option, go for it. If it isn't, you will need to curb the tendency to be argumentative or confrontational. Exercise patience and avoid conflict.
 Are you working two jobs, Libra? Today one could demand a lot of you, probably at the expense of the other. You tend to be very conscientious and responsible, so this might bother you, but don't let it get to you. The day may come when the situation is reversed. Everyone around you knows that you're an asset to the enterprise, even if there are times like this when you have to ask for a break.
 A love letter or perhaps a poem or other artistic work dedicated to you could make your day, Libra. A warm feeling of being cherished and adored could stay with you throughout the day as a result. Hang on to this rosy glow when things get rocky, especially on the job. The feelings expressed in this communication will probably last for a long time, so be prepared.
 Today is a fantastic day for you, Libra. Things are naturally flowing your way. You can accomplish a great deal. There are few hurdles in your way, perhaps none. You're well disciplined about your time and what's needed to get the job done and how to meet your goals. Your emotions are especially calm and stable, giving you the opportunity to observe and evaluate them from a neutral viewpoint.
 Emotional talks with your partner could move you to tears, Libra. If there have been difficulties in your relationship, you've overcome them and probably reached a new understanding. Any romantic relationship or friendship started or moved forward now shows lasting promise. Your inclination may be to control your feelings, but don't be afraid to show them. It's OK in situations like this.
 Someone is keeping secrets from you. We all have private issues we don't wish to share, Libra, but this affects you. Your intuition will probably tell you who this person is. Try to get him or her to open up without exerting pressure. Unfinished tasks could be driving you crazy. You may try to run through them quickly, causing too much stress. Get the most crucial done and let the others go.
 A friend could be depressed and need your advice, Libra. Some long
 Memories from your distant past could resurface today, Libra. You may wonder why you're suddenly thinking about them, but they probably represent a release of old emotional hang
 Your heart beats extra strong today, Libra, but it may not seem like anyone knows it but you. You may feel like you aren't really fitting in with the energy of the day. Don't get down on yourself for it. Realize that not everything is going to go according to your plans. Let things come to you. The unexpected is bound to happen, so don't try to resist the impending change.
 A friend who's having money problems might dump all their woes on you today, Libra. Your inclination isn't to be very sympathetic, but hold back that tendency. The situation is real, and your friend is very worried and needs solutions more than criticism or sympathy. Your common sense and practical nature could be invaluable right now. Offer to listen.
 You may be plagued with restlessness, Libra, to the point that you may not be able to get anything done. If you sense that this is happening to you even in the slightest degree, stop whatever you're doing and take a break. Your work isn't worth the sacrifice of your sanity. Consider going to a spa or call up a friend with a hot tub so you can soak in some warm, relaxing water for a while.
 Today you may be asked to choose between the old and the new, Libra. It's as if people are protesting in some manner and you're being asked to join in the ranks of those wishing to see change. Make sure you honestly assess all the available information before you automatically dismiss the situation as foolish. You should seriously consider lending a hand to the fight.
 Some vivid and interesting dreams could bring a lot of repressed memories up and force you to confront them. This could be a bit disconcerting, Libra, but still positive. Psychological obstacles to financial success and romantic happiness could be cleared away, which could change your life. It's vital that you write down your dreams. You won't want to miss out on this.
 Today you could attend more than one social event, Libra. Some of your professional colleagues will probably be there. Conversations are going to focus primarily on business development and the economy in general. A lot of useful information could result from social contacts with others in your field. Write it all down. You will want to remember it so you can make use of it later.
 When you least expect it, success comes into your life. You can say goodbye to the dreariness of daily routine, fears, and changing moods. You're now entering a period of wonderful good luck and success. All this comes despite the fact that sometimes you might lack confidence in yourself. That doesn't matter anymore, because success is on your side from now on.
 You're a hard worker, Libra, and you expect the same from the people around you. Today you may want to take a look at your personal and work relationships. Demanding person that you are, you may be concerned about the quality of your friendships. Don't be afraid to separate good from bad. Life is too short to devote your energy to bad relationships.
 If you can't feed your artistic tendencies in the work you do, today is a good day to create a better balance and make your days more satisfying. Art isn't just for artists, Libra. All you have to do is take the initiative to create something and you will see just how good it feels. Have you ever thought about writing a children's book? This is one idea, considering the planetary aspects.
 The coming days promise a busy social time, Libra. You might host a party at your home. You may feel terribly rushed and wonder if you will be able to get everything done. Don't worry. It will all come out all right. Friends or family members could prove invaluable in lending assistance. At some point, you might attend or take part in a sports event.
 For you, Libra, relationships with other people should be going so well that you feel more loved than ever. A new friend or perhaps an old one you haven't seen in a while could suddenly become a powerful part of your life. You're probably feeling exceptionally innovative and more likely to make a success of whatever new ideas you have. Prepare for a busy and satisfying day.
 Payment for work you've performed may not come when expected, Libra, particularly if direct deposit is involved. The planetary energies today don't favor the smooth functioning of computers or other machines. This is a temporary setback and not worth stressing over. Don't give in to the temptation to lose your temper. All will be straightened out and your funds will be in their proper place.
 A delivery could come to your house that you find very emotionally moving, Libra. Perhaps you've received a gift that represents a big sacrifice to the giver, and was all the more sincere for that. This could be on your mind for most of the day even though you have a lot to do. When thanking the giver, be warm and sincere but not too effusive. You don't want to embarrass your friend.
 If you're into writing, Libra, this is the perfect day to sit down and churn out the words, even if it's only a letter to a friend. Your imagination is especially vivid, your expression clear and understandable, and your vocabulary skills especially acute. If this is a thesis or article, you may spend hours on it. Don't worry. It will be that much better for it.
 Some information that you've been seeking for a long time might finally be unEarthed today through your diligent efforts, Libra. This is going to increase your ability to take on whatever challenges you're planning to address. Your already sharp business acumen is likely to be enhanced by whatever you discover. Be prepared for a lot of hard work and continued success over the next few months.
 Have you been exercising beyond your fitness level, Libra? If you have, you're probably feeling very tired, sore, and out of sorts. Take it easy today, even if you don't want to. You can still exercise, but concentrate on yoga and tai chi rather than more strenuous programs like aerobics. Push yourself a little, but not too much. The idea of "no pain, no gain" is a fallacy.
 Your subconscious mind is active today, Libra, perhaps releasing old traumas from the past. Memories from long ago could pour into your mind as though floodgates were opened. Many of them won't be pleasant. This is good nonetheless. You're releasing obstacles caused by these memories. By the end of the day you will feel so much lighter. Make the most of it.
 This is likely a day when you want to reflect on your successes. As your professional success continues to skyrocket, your sense of self
 Today you might decide to sign up for an advanced course of some kind, Libra. This might include world religions or perhaps meditation. Stay out of bookstores, both physical and online. You might spend a fortune on books on your chosen subject. The effect of this is likely to be more profound than a simple accumulation of knowledge. Prepare to be transformed.
 Attempts to attend a festival, party, or other group activity could be hampered by minor obstacles like traffic jams, forgetting things, and getting lost, Libra. This can be frustrating and irritating, but don't let it stop you. It's important to be out with your friends today. Fill up the car, get a good map, and make your way to the place by the side streets. Have some fun!
 A financial windfall could come as the result of a coup that no one expected you to pull off, Libra. Everyone is likely to be very proud of you 
 Today, Libra, you might feel a little insecure about your state of physical fitness. You could decide to make up for any lack of exercise over the past few weeks. This is fine, but take it slowly. This isn't the day to push yourself. Strained muscles and exhaustion could result, and that won't do you any good. Work out, but pace yourself.
 Do you have a desire to go away on a trip? Would you like to live in Europe or Asia? These are desires that you may well have at the moment as you begin the process of widening your field of vision. See if you can set up a journey of this kind, Libra. People will have confidence in you now, so all sorts of possibilities are at your disposal.
 The planetary configuration makes you likely to reap the benefits of all your hard work, Libra. The little windfall you receive is nice, to be sure, but don't think of all of it as fun money. Put a good amount aside in a savings or investment account. You can use the rest to kick up your heels a bit. Why not invite a friend to dinner at the nicest restaurant in town?
 Even though you think of yourself as a rational person, Libra, today your intuition is so keen that even you can't ignore it. Rather than try to will it away, why not embrace the messages that bombard you? Give yourself this one single day to embrace the possibility that you may have some extrasensory ability. There's no harm in trying to understand the extent of your power.
 If you own property, you might discover that its value has increased far beyond anything you dreamed of, Libra. This might involve real estate, but it could also involve other resources like stocks, bonds, or family heirlooms. What you choose to do with this information is up to you, but you will probably decide to hang on to what you have. It's just nice to know it's valuable.
 Today you might wonder what's bothering a friend, Libra. This person may seem depressed and worried but not inclined to share the worries with you. All signs are that these are probably money problems, which he or she wants to keep private. Let your friend know you're there if needed, then concentrate on your own concerns. Your friend will share when the time is right.
 Take a break from the routine and get off the beaten path, Libra. This is a day to forge ahead with ideas and dreams rather than commitments and answers. Question things and debate the facts. Have fun whatever you do. This is the perfect day to go out and fly kites with your friends. All group activities are strongly favored. You can't go wrong chatting about the latest events in your life.
 Some very intense dreams could take you back to the past, perhaps your childhood or past lives. Write down any dreams you remember, Libra. They might not make sense to you now, but if you go back and analyze them later, you're likely to find that they reveal a lot about you that you weren't previously aware of. They might even inspire new projects of some kind. Think about them carefully.
 Some projects might require practical attention today, getting irritating little details cleared up and out of the way. Your natural efficiency is at a peak, Libra, so you will probably be able to get these matters done before you get too bored. The important thing is that you will be able to achieve the results you want. Go to it.
 New, exciting opportunities to earn more money might come your way today, Libra perhaps through new fields. Colleagues could bring information. Your sense of adventure is high, so risks might seem more attractive than usual. Don't get carried away. Don't forget to explore every possibility in detail before committing to anything. Nothing is certain, even on days like today.
 Today you might try to put computers or other forms of advanced technology to work for you, Libra. This could be of great benefit to you. You might be blown away by the advantages of it. Your mind should be quick enough to grasp any new software or equipment that you will want to use. The innovation could also help raise your earning power. Isn't technology wonderful?
 Today you're likely to feel especially communicative, Libra. You might want to get on the phone and run ideas for new projects by colleagues or perhaps make arrangements to complete current projects. Success through creativity is strongly indicated at this time. This is a great day to seek success through writing or speaking. If this has been on your mind, get started.
 Today you may want to set aside some time to spend with close friends or a love partner, Libra. Other responsibilities could have you on your own, taking care of errands and other important matters. You may have the feeling of being lonely in a crowd. Don't waste time feeling sorry for yourself. Take care of business and get back to your loved ones.
 News might bring exciting opportunities for increasing your income, Libra. Perhaps you will learn of ways to start your own business. Maybe the demand for people with your skills has increased. You might discover the efficiency some new technology for managing your finances. Discussions with others should bring many new ideas your way. Make the most of them.
 You might feel overworked today. Your energy could be flagging, and you may even feel feverish. This is probably nothing more than stress, Libra. Most likely you should take time out from your busy life and relax. Spend the afternoon at the movies. Treat yourself to dinner out. Buy yourself a present. Tomorrow you should feel better again.
 Today you could doubt the amount of money you might get from a business transaction. If you can, verify this before starting anything. You aren't being told something. Personal relationships, particularly love and romance, should be stable and rewarding now, although today you may not have much time to spend with those you care about. Hang in there.
 A trip through exclusive boutiques or antique shops might have you throwing financial caution to the wind and buying luxury items you hadn't planned for. This is all right 
 As you continue to enjoy success and good fortune, your self
 There may be serious challenges in your daily routine today, Libra. How can you organize your day more efficiently? Take time to set a plan into motion. Write it down. You may want to drift into another realm, so let those emotions roam free 
 Messages from close friends expressing their love and admiration for you may seem to arrive out of the blue. Your accomplishments over the past few weeks may have caused them to see you in a new light. Today you will experience the full force of their feelings. The doors of communication are open for you. You could decide to spend the day getting to know your friends all over again.
 Take a cold shower to jump
 Today is a great day to get rid of the stuff that's cluttering up your life, Libra. Get to the heart of the issue and stop beating around the bush. Your emotions may feel a bit more negative than usual, but realize that you can use this to your advantage. Your sober attitude can aid in making extremely practical, well
 Stay grounded and focused today, Libra, You can accomplish a lot if you set your mind to it. You may sense a blurry cloud lingering 
 You will recognize and appreciate the need for structure and stability on a day like today, Libra. This practical energy may work to take away some of the fun out of the equation. You may not realize it, but the fun in your life may be getting chipped away little by little. Hold tight to the things that give you passion and purpose in life. These are the keys to healthy living.
 Although you may want to bring things down a bit so you can better plan, organize, and rearrange, Libra, this may not be the best course of action today. You're better off keeping things light and uplifting. Things will fall into place as you need them. Trust in others. Realize that some of the best experiences you will have in life are spontaneous. Put your to
 This is going to be a great day for you, Libra. Strangely enough, you will find that tension may help you get things done. There's an easiness today that will create openings for exploring creative outlets. Regarding love and romance, try to stay grounded. You and the object of your desire may have two different points of view on the relationship. Communicate clearly.
 Create your own reality, Libra. It could be that you have the puppet strings in your hands, but you're too afraid to use them. Don't shy away from responsibility. Take your time and don't lose sight of your goals. The stakes are extra high today, and you will find that the slightest movement is magnified several times over. Be careful how you use your words. They won't be taken lightly.
 You may have a tendency to be overprotective of the people closest to you, especially children. You may feel you live in a dangerous world in which people don't care about responsibility to one another. But the people you're trying to protect are probably better prepared and adapted to the world than you think, Libra. They might try to tell you this even if your support is indispensable.
 As a Libra, you don't really like to talk about things. Talking just isn't one of your specialties. Everyone has his/her own role, and yours is to take action and create, not talk about doing it. However, the planetary positions today might make you utter a few very deep words. Come on! Tell us a little something about how you feel deep inside!
 You can start your day without all the usual planning. Be free to discover your day as it unfolds. This might feel like it's against your nature, but it's good for you to enjoy life's sometimes arbitrary nature every once in a while. Otherwise, you may miss out on some of the best things life has to offer!
 This is a terrific day for you, Libra. You will feel a greater sense of appreciation and respect for the people around you. The planning and hard work you've contributed recently is finally paying off. People are likely to arrive at your level of thinking. You'll find you can connect on a very productive level. Your emotions are under control and your thoughts crystal clear.
 You may not feel like you're in tune with your situation today, Libra. Try not to get too pushy with your opinions about how things should be done. Honor other people's perspectives and approaches. It may be hard for others to commit to things the same way you do. Their methods may be different, but that doesn't mean they are necessarily any better or worse.
 Remember all those resolutions you made in the past? It's time to recommit to them. All signs indicate that you need to take better care of yourself. You've been so busy working that exercising has begun to feel like a luxury you can't afford. Actually, exercise and proper nutrition are luxuries you can't afford to ignore. You're burning the candle at both ends. Stop before you burn out completely!
 You're usually very good at concentrating and getting your chores done, even when chaos reigns around you. This likely won't be the case today. Even you will come under the influence of the erratic. It's too hard to get much done with all the commotion. Don't fret about your lack of productivity. This is one day. Relax and have some fun. Tomorrow you can get down to work.
 Tension may run high today as things come to a great emotional climax. It might seem as if everyone is out to get you, Libra, but more than likely this paranoia is a figment of your imagination. Don't get carried away with crazy scenarios that have no basis in reality. People may be acting irrationally, so don't be surprised if reason and logic are nowhere to be found.
 Try not to see the negative in everything today, Libra. Concentrate on the positive. You will pick up subtle signals from others that can be very helpful as you gather data throughout the day. As you proceed through it, keep in mind that everything need not be a race to the finish line. Enjoy where you are now. There's no reason to rush to the next activity if you're having fun.
 Libra, you may put your integrity under the microscope today. We all have deep convictions that we would never let go of. But society pressures us, and it isn't always easy to live in perfect harmony with our ideals. The question to ask yourself today is just how willing are you to change your most heartfelt beliefs in order to live in society? Do you have the courage of your convictions?
 You will be busy today, Libra. Nevertheless, you still may end the day with your desk piled high with projects 
 There may be tension in the air as you go about your day, Libra. The leftover fatigue from the past few days is starting to wear on you. You may have managed to get into an argument with someone close to you, but there might be a reason for this. Take advantage of the situation to clear the air with your friend.
 Other people may be demanding of you, Libra, so do what you can to please the crowd. Don't go overboard in thinking you need to be someone you're not, and certainly don't do anything that makes you feel uncomfortable. Be generous with your affection, but make sure you receive emotional support in return. There are likely to be some imbalances that need minor adjustments.
 Go ahead and act confidently, Libra. You will probably find that you're more stable and grounded in general, leaving you free to explore and take more risks than you normally would. Your intuition may be strong, so don't hesitate to rely on it. Make sure your actions are clear and decisive. You have a great deal of power, so use it wisely.
 You might find it hard to connect with anyone on a deep and meaningful level today, Libra, so just free yourself and have a good time. Take a more refined and disciplined approach to your projects. You will find that you can be productive after sundown. Later you should consider snuggling up close to someone you trust and care about deeply.
 Egos may rage out of control today, leaving you to wonder what all the fuss is about. Give other people their space, Libra. If the conversation gets too boring, just smile and nod. There may be a great deal of tension among people who are fighting about how much they can get versus how much they give. Try to maintain a healthy balance. Don't get caught in other people's drama.
 Stand up and take action, Libra. Forces may be pulling on you from all angles, and your challenge will be to maintain a healthy balance among all of them. You have a chance to accomplish a great deal by directing your energies outward instead of inward. Other people may be punchy. Counteract this by being patient. Your contribution to the group will be appreciated.
 Your thoughts may have a dreamy quality today, Libra. You will find that things are less stable than they have been for the past few days. Don't get discouraged by pessimistic people. Offer your own creative solutions. You have a great deal of wisdom to share with others whether you realize it or not. Don't sell yourself short. Have confidence in your thoughts and ideas.
 Take pressing matters to the hilt today, Libra, especially when it comes to romantic issues and emotional needs. You have all the data you need to make a valid point. You have a whole battalion of facts to back you up, so fire at will. Your feelings are strong and intense. Don't ignored them under any circumstances. Go with your gut instincts before you trust anything else.
 Your practicality and good sense prove invaluable today, Libra. Those close to you might be restless and upset, and you might have to steer them in the right direction. A close friend or lover may experience a financial upset, and you could be asked to help out. This isn't a good day to make a loan, although it's favorable for helping others find their own solutions.
 Dreams of a new career could fill your mind today, perhaps because of too much stress in your current one. You might even think of becoming a movie star! Go for your dream if you feel it's what you want, Libra. Remember that any moneymaking enterprise, no matter how creative, is still a business. Make use of your natural business talent to find out what you need to know.
 Today, Libra, you probably aren't going to feel very friendly. You're most likely to want to sequester yourself at home and not see or speak to anyone. If your need for solitude is that strong, indulge it. You won't do yourself any good by forcing contact with others. You might feel a little out of sorts physically, so it's especially important to eat right and get lots of vitamin C.
 You may be planning for the future, Libra, yet find yourself needing to make choices that will resonate far beyond the next few months. It's possible that you will have to consider sending your children to a new school, for example, or decide to move across the country. These are big decisions, to be sure, but trust that you won't be making them alone. Your loved ones have a say in these matters!
 There are days when you feel wonderful without being able to attribute the feeling to any real event. Of course, your rational mind will search for a reason for your happiness. But if you count the number of times when you do things against your will, it becomes obvious that logic and reason don't always apply to this world. Don't even try to understand. Just enjoy!
 Try to see the positive in people, Libra. Relax and don't get so worked up over your internal drama. You're the one responsible for creating this turmoil. Find comfort in a creative project. Do something that you love to do that makes you truly happy. There's an expansive feeling in the air that's likely to amplify whatever mood you project.
 There may be a thousand things for you to do today, Libra, but you can only get them done if you concentrate on one at a time. Take a lighthearted approach. You will never finish by focusing on the sheer amount of work you have to do. Break it up into smaller pieces and delegate tasks if you can. Try to see the fun side of things. Schedule in breaks and snacks.
 Lock into the practical, grounding force that is not only realistic but also flexible. Attend to details and organize yourself, Libra. Be aware that you may need to alter your course in order to fit with the group energy. Try to work together with those around you to achieve a common goal. Initiating the help of others is easier than you think as long as you stay focused and motivated.
 Don't let other people's insensitive actions dictate your mood today, Libra. Your state of mind is your responsibility, and you should work to come to a point at which you have full control over what you feel at all times. If something isn't working out, let it go. This isn't a good time to try to stick a square peg in a round hole.
 A quarrel over money could interfere with a friendship today, Libra. Perhaps someone hasn't repaid a loan and the lender now needs it. Perhaps a member of your household is unable to pay their share of the bills. Don't let yourself get drawn into quarrels or recriminations. Work something out with your friend if possible. Money isn't worth throwing away a friendship and leaving a gap in your life.
 If you find yourself tired and irritable now, Libra, you should know that this is normal. You may have had a few months that were a little too studious. Would you like to continue with the same rhythm? Be careful that your ambitions don't lead you to physical exhaustion. If you get sick, you will be even more frustrated. So be wise and take care of your own basic needs.
 You may find it hard to get rolling today, Libra. It's likely that you're caught in a gridlock between your mind and heart. Be careful about letting this tension build. The most important thing for you today is to relax. Tackle things one step at a time and finish one project before starting another. You could get overwhelmed if you have too many things on your plate at once.
 Make sure you solidify your affairs early in the day, Libra, because the sparks are going to fly after sunset. People might try to throw you off balance with fast talk and fancy ideas. You need to make sure you're on solid ground before you take the next step upward. Balance your emotions so you don't take your frustration out on others. Focus on your goals.
 You're rarely surprised or bothered by the occasional setback. Today, however, you should put a firm hand on any project you undertake. This isn't the time for a relaxed attitude, especially where money is concerned. If you take a systematic approach, you will have the double benefit of conserving both energy and assets.
 A friend or family member is slowly poisoning your relationship, Libra. A misunderstanding between the two of you will ultimately prove beneficial in the long run. Why? It makes you realize how uncomfortable you are with vague, ill
 Now is the perfect time to say something to someone that you've been meaning to say for quite some time, Libra. Get it out in the open. Keeping it inside will only eat away at you. Stop worrying about the consequences and make the move. Today is the time to be bold and aggressive. Other people might respond in a similar fashion, so if you dish it out, be prepared to take it.
 You might not have heard from a close friend in a long time and worry a little, Libra. Perhaps this person wasn't well the last time you talked. If you can, it might be a good idea to call. Strange and unsettling dreams could plague your sleep tonight, but don't get too agitated. They aren't prophetic in any way. The symbols probably represent nothing more than psychic detritus released through sleep.
 Today may be one of those days in which you're trying to paint a large area, but you only have a small brush. Your strokes are careful and calculated. You're doing a neat and precise job, but you're also doing things the hard way. Go easy on yourself and get a large brush. Make your strokes gigantic so you can cover more area with less effort.
 This is the end of the first stage in your "socialization," Libra. Are you satisfied with the people you've met? You can usually make the most out of these encounters, but did your political savvy let you down? Did it lead you in directions you didn't want to go? Take advantage of this pause to catch your breath and figure out where you are today and where you want to be tomorrow.
 Have you been thinking about expanding your computer skills? If so, this is the day to do it. You're likely to discover a lot of valuable information, as well as shortcuts for accomplishing your goals. Happiness reigns in the home as family members exchange a lot of new and interesting ideas. This could be a very gratifying day in a lot of ways, Libra.
 There's some likelihood that something you need or want has been eluding your grasp. The somewhat strained aspect of the heavens lately hasn't helped. But today everything is within reach, especially if it was material considerations holding you back. You have an auspicious day ahead, so make the most of it!
 Lately, you've been nursing a feeling that your partner is inattentive. The tension has been building up and today, Libra, you're likely to boil over with the rage that comes from one too many doubts and suspicions. The forecast for love is stormy, without a doubt. But making up after the quarrel promises to be lots of fun.
 Libra, you're demystifying the concept of talent. You used to look enviously at other people and think, "I wish I had a natural ability like that." Now you understand that the person who aroused your envy with is just someone who had the self
 Your emotions are solid and you feel good, Libra. At the same time, you may be tongue
 If someone takes too long to do something today, Libra, your temper may flare up. Patience isn't always your strong suit, and you may believe in the "if you want it done right, do it yourself" philosophy. This isn't always fair. Others need to do things at their own pace, and in some cases, it's essential that you give them the room to do so. Take a deep breath if you have to, and be patient.
 With today's energy, you might want to let your imagination run free for a while, Libra. This can add a real boost, as it will connect you with your inner self. Let your imagination be your ticket to your creative and artistic abilities. Problem
 Today you might hear of opportunities to make extra money through creative work of some kind, Libra. This could be a genuine lucky break achieved by being in the right place at the right time. You will probably take advantage of it, because right now you're full of inspiration. You might have a hard time keeping track of all your ideas. Write them down!
 A lot of activity could occur at home today, Libra. Perhaps you will have visitors or do some work on the house. Your intuition is particularly strong right now, and you could pick up too much of the thoughts and feelings of others, even strangers. You will probably be most in tune with your family. Take care to guard your thoughts. Today you might find that whatever you think of could actually manifest.
 Your sense of responsibility is probably the catalyst for most of your motivation, Libra. But what happens when events are beyond your control and you're powerless to do anything about them? You may have to admit that sometimes you can't control everything, especially your family and friends. Today you should think about letting things happen occasionally. Your life will be a lot less complicated.
 You may feel yourself slipping into a deeper understanding with a close friend or loved one, Libra. Romantic situations are heating up, and you're slowly letting your inhibitions fade away so they're completely absent. You realize the exuberance and excitement that come when you come out of hiding and let your playful spirit charm the world. Put serious subjects aside and make time to have fun and be more social.
 Even if it's true in general that Libra have strong bodies like you, there are times when it's important that they take care of themselves. This would be an ideal day to be more aware of that fact. It isn't that you're going to have health problems. Rather, the planets are positioned in the middle of abundant activity, suggesting that you'd be wise to take care of your body 
 It isn't always easy to think about how your life is going, Libra. Imagine if you were alone in the world, with nothing to hold you back or force you to do anything. At least once a month dedicate an hour to visualizing what your life would be like under these conditions. This will help you figure out what's impeding you today.
 Yes, Libra, this is a good moment to abandon old beliefs and moral values. Your view of life has changed and, above all, you're more aware of how your outdated, preconceived ideas sometimes poison your life. The past no longer concerns you. It's time for you to make a clean break from the beliefs that are holding you back. You might shock your family, but they'll get over it.
 It's important that you abandon the myth that you don't have any gifts or talents, Libra. Consider thinking about your talents in the same way you think about your body. When you exercise, eat right, and get plenty of rest, your body responds. Your talents are no different. They need care and nurturing, too.
 It isn't a good idea to try to fit people into a mold today, Libra. This will only annoy others and frustrate you. It's important that you relax and simply let people blossom into the people they want to be. If you have a preconceived notion of who they should be, you're only setting yourself up for failure and disappointment, as well as anger from the other party.
 This is a very spiritual and creative day for you, Libra. You're especially intuitive. Any creative effort will likely resonate deeply. Even if you don't feel you have the talent for it, why not try some form of artistic expression? You could dabble with a paintbrush or makes notes in a journal. Don't let that pesky internal editor kick in. Create for the sheer joy of it.
 Today's planetary configurations indicate that you can expect a very profitable period coming up, Libra. You've worked hard lately, and it's only natural that you should finally arrive at this stage. You're going to be able to measure the distance you've come, and above all, evaluate your power. Whatever you do, think big!
 Libra, you hide your emotional needs from others. You need to be able to trust someone in order to share your feeling. They have to guess at your deepest secrets. Today you could save a lot of time in your love life if you just tell your partner what you want out of your relationship or even what you'd like to change about it. Talk about it. Your partner is listening.
 Short visits in your neighborhood could catapult you into some negative situations, Libra. It's best to stay close to home if you can. An angry letter or call could put you in a shaky mood. This isn't a day to socialize. Days like this are best spent keeping to yourself and throwing your energy into taking care of whatever you're working on.
 There is irony in today's situation, Libra. The only real remedy for situations like this is to accept them and joke about it. If you try to take yourself too seriously, especially when it comes to art or romance, you will inevitably fail. Your heart is sensual and your emotions profound. Bring yourself into balance by laughing instead of crying about the events of the day.
 It's time to take your communication to the next level, Libra. Expand outward and upward. For the last three weeks you've gone through a serious mental process that has helped you define what you stand for and believe in. Now you're in a phase that urges you to put these ideas into motion. The expansive quality of the day is profound, so take advantage of it and get moving.
 As you take another step upward today, Libra, you may realize that there's a large part of the mountain you hadn't accounted for before. Perhaps this steep portion of the climb wasn't visible from below when you started the trip. Don't panic. By overreacting to the unknown, you may lose your balance and go sliding down the face of the mountain. Collect yourself, rest, and plan your strategy one step at a time.
 A love relationship seems more stable than usual today, Libra. The security wraps itself around you like a blanket as you consider the events leading up to this new sense of commitment. You and your partner may spend the evening doing nothing more than being together, which feels great! Mark this day in your memory so you can recall it whenever your insecurities get the better of you.
 Extra time and attention that you have been devoting to your career should pay off about now. You've worked hard to be where you are, and you aren't through climbing the ladder of success just yet. You aren't likely to rest on your laurels. Today you might spend a lot of time planning your next goal. A little ingenuity will definitely pay off here, Libra. Use whatever advantages you have.
 You're feeling especially sharp, Libra. Your thoughts are more focused than usual and your mind especially penetrating. A promised get
 One of your ambitions in life is to be financially independent, and lately you might have made great strides toward attaining that goal. Today, through no fault of your own, you may receive information that indicates there may have been a setback. However, all is not as it seems. Don't go into a panic until you know all the facts, Libra. You're probably still right on track.
 Financial issues might have you and your partner a bit more on edge than you need to be, Libra. Perhaps money is tighter than usual right now, and you have to put off purchases you want to make. Try to work it out. This is a great day to reach a compromise in just about any touchy situation, because you should be in just the right space to see both sides of any issue.
 Unexpected money developments could brighten your day today, Libra. Perhaps you will get a raise or an increase in some other form of income. Technology could be involved in some way, or a long
 A special gathering may take place in your neighborhood today, Libra. If you're currently involved, you will probably attend it with your significant other. If you aren't seeing anyone, you will run into some old friends and possibly make some new ones. One of them could be a potential love interest, perhaps a little older than you. Relax, let loose, and have a little fun.
 Some failures that you may have experienced over the past few days could have you beating yourself up today, Libra. Perhaps you feel that you were too hasty or too sloppy and could have done things better. Don't obsess over it. Figure out what went wrong, learn from it, and let it go. Too much negativity directed at yourself is likely to sabotage future efforts rather than help them.
 Put on some lively music you can dance to and really kick up your heels, Libra. It's time to put away the sour mood and have fun with a large group of people. You will find that the more you engage in intellectual discussions, the more you will get warmed up to the idea that life should be fun, not the pain and stress you sometimes make it out to be.
 Communicate from a centered space today, Libra. Fortunately, the nature of the day caters to your needs and desires. You shouldn't have to work too hard to get what you want. Things should come to you naturally. You may wonder why you got stressed out before over what now seem to be small issues. Consciously release the worry and concern that are still stored in your body.
 Your plans meet with harsh opposition today, Libra. You've been going along at a slow and steady pace, but you will find that abrasive tension arises the more you try to force your will on others. Gridlock is quite likely due to the fact that there are strong forces coming to a head. Neither one of them is in the mood to yield now.
 I told you so might be your motto of the day. Try not to rub this in other people's faces, Libra. Indeed, you have the foresight to witness an action and see the consequences right away. These consequences might rear their ugly heads on a day like this. Use your incredible perception and intuition to hone in on the best solution possible and work toward that goal before things get out of hand.
 Your mind might be stimulated today, Libra, so stay alert and open to new information. If you feel tired, take a short nap. It's better to operate at top speed and full capacity than go through your day only half present. Don't rely on external stimulants like caffeine to pick you up. These things will deceive your body and do damage to your nervous system.
 You might be frustrated by the fact that people are doing things hastily today, Libra. You might have to accept the fast
 A legal matter that may have been pending for a while could finally be completed today, Libra. It's very likely to go in your favor. Therefore, if you've been sitting on a contract, agreement, or other document that needs your signature, read it carefully before you sign. You will probably get what you want out of the transaction. By the way, this is also a great day to get married!
 If you find yourself tired and irritable at the moment, Libra, you should know that this is normal. You may have had a few weeks that were a little too studious. Would you like to continue on the same path? Be careful that your ambitions don't lead you to serious physical exhaustion, Libra. You'll be even more frustrated if you get sick. So be wise and take care of your basic needs.
 It's likely that your personal and creative horizons are expanding, Libra. Your or another's artistic enterprises might pay off big today. You could be introduced to people who prove to be valuable contacts as well as new friends. Your love relationships are going well. Your new feeling of enthusiasm and self
 Today you should be feeling especially warm and loving toward close friends and children, Libra. You could also especially appreciate the arts. You might attend a play or concert or decide to try your hand at one of the fine arts yourself. In the evening, go out and enjoy your friends' company. Celebrate just being together!
 Some stimulating discussions could take place today. Your energy is likely to be very high, Libra. You may want to throw yourself into your work, particularly if it involves paperwork. You might also want to go for a workout, try your hand at writing, or read about the latest discoveries concerning optimal health. Books, magazines, and the Internet could prove especially useful.
 Have you been spending too much lately, Libra? Today you could be feeling the effects of it. You may have to wait to make a purchase that you've wanted for a long time, and this could be frustrating. Don't worry about it, though. You will get through this unscathed, and the item will still be in the store when you have money again. Relax.
 When tension builds, your sense of security is likely to falter, Libra. You may have a hard time dealing with other people. You could be tempted to turn to food or alcohol for inner nourishment. Curing emotional needs by indulging this way may temper your ailment for a while, but it isn't the solution to the overall problem. Work out the bugs with the people involved, and don't try to do it on an empty stomach.
 Water your plants today and make sure they're getting enough light, Libra. If you don't have any plants, take this opportunity to go to the nursery and pick up a couple for your home or office. Nourish the organic things in your life to help remind you of your own roots, which are extremely important for you right now. Sink deep into the Earth in order to understand the environment around you.
 Things should be going quite well for you today, Libra, and you will find that aspects of your life that may have felt disconnected in the past are finally slipping into place. Have faith that all your painstaking planning and organizing is finally going to pay off. This is especially true in love and romance. Spend intimate time with a close partner tonight.
 You may be confused when it comes to matters of the heart, Libra. Perhaps you feel cheated when the object of your desire doesn't give you complete attention at all times. The fundamental security of your being is your responsibility, not someone else's. Find a way to incorporate your dreams into the dreams of others instead of always working toward goals at opposite sides of the spectrum.
 A proposed visit to a friend's may have to be delayed, and this might worry you. It will be necessary to make a special effort to get almost anything done today, Libra. You could have some urgent chores to complete, but the streets and stores may be full of impatient people. Relax, breathe deeply, and summon every bit of energy you have. You don't want to put anything off now.
 It may seem like everyone around you is happy and getting what they want while you're stuck in the trenches, Libra. Don't compare yourself to other people and make judgments based on outside appearances. The truth of the matter is that they're most likely only looking at the immediate future and experiencing short
 Keep careful track of things today, Libra, for you will find that the smallest detail will make the biggest difference. Don't hesitate to go with your hunches when something simply doesn't sound right. Stay focused and try not to get caught off guard when emotional issues come out of nowhere and disturb your thoughts. Trust yourself regardless of what's going on around you.
 Be a pioneer thinker today, Libra. There's a noble courage in your thoughts, so don't let this quality go to waste. You will be surprised at how cutting edge you can be when you put your mind to it. Take a walk by yourself and contemplate the next major move that you'd like to make in your life. Feel free to brainstorm bold ways to execute this plan.
 If you've asked your employer for a raise recently, Libra, the astral energy indicates that you can expect to receive one soon. Your employer is greatly impressed with your efforts, and probably thinking that you might be setting your sights elsewhere. Opportunities may certainly appear, although this is obviously not the time to make a decision. Take some time to really think and consider everything carefully.
 You're a person of many talents, and today you're likely to discover yet another one, Libra. The delivery of a new piece of equipment makes you feel like you've been given a toy for your sole enjoyment. But once you get the computer or piece of machinery up and running, you need to share it with your co
 You could be feeling quite lazy today, Libra, and you definitely deserve to feel this way! You deserve some time off after all of the activities of the past week. Give yourself the gift of a true day off. Do only what you want, whether it's watching movies or spending the afternoon soaking in the tub. Total indulgence. Just relax and unwind.
 Have you been indulging in too many goodies, Libra? You might feel under the weather because of all this abundance. You probably should take it easy. Think about reorganizing your priorities. Is a second piece of chocolate cake more important than your energy and health? Indulging can be important to your psyche, but don't forget about moderation 
 You're generally focused on the material world, Libra, but something about the energy generated by today's planetary alignments causes you to look within. You might think about the joys and pains of past family gatherings and wonder how they affect your life now. This is a positive, healing process, so don't fight it. It won't interfere with what's going on around you.
 Some books you've been reading lately might excite your desire to study astrology, numerology, alchemy, or some other occult science, Libra. This may not be something that you'd normally consider, but don't let that hold you back. Your values have been shaken up lately anyway, so make the most of the impulse now. It could transform you in a subtle way. Go for it!
 Be your most charming self tonight, Libra. You're likely to meet someone who can help your career. Your intuition is strong, so you may know who this person is the minute you shake hands. If the chemistry is good, too, so much the better! Whether this person impacts your life in a romantic or business capacity, you'll remember this night as when your life changed for the better!
 A quick check of your bank balance might reveal that it's a bit lower than you expected, Libra. You probably won't panic, but you're apt to feel a little disappointed. Don't waste time kicking yourself. Money can always be earned. Relax, resolve to tighten your belt a little, take care of the necessities, and stick with a financial plan. Soon you'll be glad you took action.
 Today you might discover a previously untapped talent, Libra, perhaps an artistic gift. This could be thrilling, but it will probably take some getting used to. Your first efforts might be tentative and uncertain, but this is what usually happens when you learn a new skill. Don't get discouraged yet! Give yourself time. Eventually you'll probably love what you do.
 You're highly esteemed in your profession because of your strong business acumen and no
 Spiritual breakthroughs may have you feeling a little disconcerted, Libra. Clearing away deadwood, such as past traumas, might tell you a few things about yourself you'd rather not face. It's vital to release them in order to progress as a human being. Even if tears are involved, this is a positive development. You'll feel happier once it's all set free. Onward and upward!
 A chance to increase your income by participating in an artistic project of some kind could come your way today, Libra. You might take part in the creative work or you could promote it in a business capacity. Whichever it is, you're likely to form some firm friendships in the process. If you're single, one of your colleagues might turn out to be a potential love partner. Enjoy!
 It's time to take a bold step forward, Libra. Have confidence in yourself and all the careful planning you've been painstakingly doing for the past few months. Realize that much of this hard work is paying off, but only if you're willing to take the next step. The opportunity is there. All you need to do is jump on it. Act out of faith and confidence instead of fear and restriction.
 Invaluable help with money or property concerns could come to you from an unexpected quarter today, Libra. Someone you didn't know possessed the appropriate information could offer it out of the blue, making a big difference to the way you handle these matters. The situation may not be all that dire to begin with, but all should be well by day's end.
 You tend to be down to Earth and practical, Libra, but now you feel like indulging in some flights of fancy. Romance or fantasy novels could be especially appealing right now. You might even toy with the idea of writing one of your own. If you're currently romantically involved, your sweetheart might want to take you out for a special dinner. Enjoy your day.
 A gathering in your neighborhood could prove unexpectedly pleasant and enjoyable. You might meet new people and get closer to the ones you already know. A lot of interesting and useful information could be exchanged. There might be more than one get
 Put your businesslike nature aside for the day and focus on your feelings, Libra. You may be a bit protective of your emotions, but realize that much of what you're feeling is best experienced through expressing it to others. Reach down deep and get in touch with what you truly believe to be the heart of the issue. Your thinking is clear as can be today, so enjoy it!
 Make sure you're getting enough sleep, Libra. You may seem groggy and your head could be a bit cloudy today, but try not to let this stop you from getting your work done. Much of what you perceive may not exactly correlate with reality. Your emotions could be especially distorted. You may have a strong desire to escape into a fantasy world. Try to keep both feet on the ground.
 Expect something new to take place regarding your home today, Libra. Someone could come for a visit or even move in. You could be redecorating, landscaping, or buying new furniture. There is always the possibility that you're moving. Whatever the changes, they're likely to be positive despite the messy and disruptive process of making them. You've got a lot to look forward to!
 An organization with which you're affiliated may be having financial problems, and this fact could come out today. It might be a shock to you and everyone else involved, Libra, but it's good that it's coming out now. This revelation might have a profound effect on your goals, and may necessitate some reevaluation. Some intense discussion with those around you is definitely indicated.
 Recent successes could lead to new aspirations to increase your socioeconomic standing. You should be feeling especially determined and confident about your future. Your plans have worked out well. You're feeling close to family, as your intuition level is high and you can sense what they're thinking and feeling. Career and relationships look promising. Enjoy!
 There are lots of personal and financial issues to resolve today, Libra. You may hear from your bank or see some alarming numbers on an ATM receipt. Don't get upset. Ultimately, these matters will be resolved to your benefit. As for personal matters, you may learn some new information about someone you thought you knew well. A relationship you once considered close may not be.
