 This isn't a good day to plan or start a trip by air, Pisces. Wait a few days if you can. However, if you must confirm plans now, travel light, check all arrangements for accommodation and rental car before you leave, and collect phone numbers for those you intend to meet. Confusion, delays, and misplaced bags could otherwise result. Take a book, music, and chocolate!
 You may watch the clock today, Pisces. It can be hard to focus on tasks when you're thinking about relaxing, but do your best. You won't get through your tasks any faster if you're unfocused. You might even sabotage what you're doing if you're distracted. You don't want to make more work for yourself than what you started with.
 Start your day writing in a journal, Pisces. This provides an avenue to communicate and connect with your inner being. Things you need to do, ambitions, and even challenges can appear while you're writing, providing a map that you can follow. Even if starting is difficult, stick with it. The words will come if you give it a chance. It can make your day much easier.
 A warm, loving letter, phone call, or email could come today from someone dear who lives far away. This should be delightful, Pisces, but the frustrations that result from the separation could cause you to think about taking a trip to visit the person. This might be a good idea, but don't make any promises. Wait a few days and look into the possibility to see if it's workable.
 Consider talking with a good friend today, Pisces. Don't let your pride get in the way of getting the support and help you need. If you've made a mistake or fear you've done something wrong, don't walk around with guilt. Sit down with a confidante over a cup of coffee and share what's happening. Remember that everyone ends up in positions like this at some time.
 You're at an emotionally climactic time, Pisces. You may feel like someone is putting a damper on your feelings. Perhaps you're scared or shy. Perhaps you don't feel you can express yourself the way you want to. If so, consider why. Do other people make you feel this way or are you uncomfortable with your own feelings? The issue may have more to do with your inner turmoil than with others.
 Venturing into something completely new and different may be what you need, Pisces. You have a solid practical side, but the need for excitement and adventure is likely just as strong. If you've been putting your nose to the grindstone a lot lately, take time off for some fun. Visit a friend or drive to a place you haven't been to before and explore.
 Tap into your creativity to unblock your emotions today, Pisces. This can be a more powerful tool than you realize. Creativity is a big part of you 
 You may be coming to a point of reckoning in something you set into motion years ago, Pisces. This is a time of hard work when you may need to either salvage the mess you've created or start reaping the wonderful rewards of the success you've become. Your ego is wrapped up in this scenario. You may be frustrated by people wasting your time with problems that seem insignificant.
 The engagements in your social calendar are likely stacking up to the point of absurdity, Pisces. Make sure you schedule some time for yourself somewhere in there. Today you're choosy about your companions. Feel free to say no to people you'd simply rather not see.
 Your ESP continues to expand, Pisces, and you sense what friends are feeling without their saying anything. Don't be surprised if one is hiding some repressed anger! The chance to travel may come up unexpectedly, and you could be in a quandary about going. Consider it carefully. If it's feasible, go for it. This isn't the time to hold back.
 Make sure you have an equal amount of give and take in your life, Pisces. If someone gives you a compliment today, know how to receive it graciously instead of brushing it off as something meaningless. At the same time, be generous with your compliments to others. It costs you nothing and it's worth a treasure chest of gold. How can you beat a deal like that?
 Delays in accomplishing certain goals could have you feeling down today, Pisces. You could wonder if you did something wrong. Chances are you didn't. The delays probably stem from poor communication. Letters, emails, and other messages might not have been delivered in a timely manner. Hang in there and continue to believe in yourself.
 Today you may substitute chocolate for a lack of love because you feel tempted to treat yourself to something good. This is fine, but confine yourself to a small amount. Overindulgence in sweets could have you regretting it when you get a stomachache, not to mention step on the scale! Remember, moderation is the key.
 You should be feeling especially passionate at this time, Pisces, especially regarding partnerships. Romantic partnerships definitely call for an evening together! Professional and creative partnerships call for a new project that you believe in strongly. Look to events in other states or foreign countries for inspiration. Something begun in places far away could capture your imagination.
 Your desire to advance your education and learn new skills could be promoted by a sudden event that points you in the right direction, Pisces. You could start training an artistic talent or learn to use new technology or find out about the latest advances in scientific knowledge. Your mind is sharp and curiosity high. The opportunity to learn will appear.
 You should pay attention to your dreams, Pisces, but tonight your subconscious might send you some garbled information that means next to nothing. If the message is obvious, pay attention to it, but if you have to perform too many mental gymnastics to discern what the symbols mean, they might mean nothing. Sometimes a dream is just a dream.
 Money worries may plague you today, Pisces. There might not be any real reason. You may just be fretting over possible troubles that could come up. This is a pointless exercise. Cross that bridge when you come to it. Take steps to avoid this contingency if you wish, but don't waste time worrying. The stress isn't worth it.
 Are you taking a long
 Things go well in your love life today, Pisces, but only if you let them happen. You must first open your arms to give and receive. If your arms are full of laundry, it will be harder for people to hug you. Take your clothes to the cleaners and keep your arms free to receive the love you need. Remember that giving is as important as receiving.
 It's possible that you're feeling obliged to do something out of a sense of duty toward family or loved ones, Pisces. Take this time to help someone who's struggling with who they are and what they're doing in this world. Your concern for others reflects a noble sense of empathy that you should develop more regularly. We're only as strong as the weakest link. Do your part to strengthen the chain.
 You may have received some bad news concerning your finances, Pisces. This is probably the best day you could ask for out of the whole month to deal with these problems. If you want to come out of this situation a winner, it may be necessary to approach things from a different angle than usual. Rest assured that things will probably work out just fine.
 Today you won't feel quite like your usual upbeat self, Pisces. There's nothing to be concerned about. It's just that you have a lot to do and can't help but be focused on it. You certainly are conscientious! See if you can't get out for some fun after you've finished your tasks. You've earned a break.
 What a perfect day to go to a spa, get a massage, or enjoy a sauna, Pisces. You've accumulated a lot of tension and stress lately, and you may have had a hard time trying to calm down. You need some peace and quiet. Don't even pick up a newspaper. Try not to even think! Just tune out and take care of yourself.
 You're in the hot seat today, Pisces. Other people might put you on the spot for no apparent reason. This uncomfortable feeling could lead to tension if you overreact. Be careful that you have all the facts on the issue before you react. The whole situation may be a big misunderstanding. Maintain a level head tempered with kindness and respect.
 Your ability to juggle many tasks is going to come in handy, Pisces. Information may fly and you could be asked to step up and contribute your wealth of knowledge. You may come into opposition with someone with a superior attitude. Remember that the old ways aren't always best. They may have worked in the past, but things have changed.
 Maintain your integrity, Pisces. Other people may suspect your motives, so make sure you give them no reason to doubt you. Be confident in your actions and follow through with your promises. There's a great deal of power under your belt, but it's erratic. Take breaks during the day to collect your energy and refocus.
 You're likely to be even quicker on the uptake than usual, Pisces. Conversation will be brisk and lively. You may feel like the conductor of a symphony. You're able to understand and follow all the different harmonies and melody lines while keeping your own steady beat running through your head. The music you make with others will be magical.
 Your thoughts may be strained, Pisces, and you could find it difficult to process things that are normally no problem. Try not to force answers that don't seem to want to come. If the information flows easily and smoothly, you will know that it's meant for you. If you have to pull teeth in order to get at the truth, you may need to back off.
 This is a whirlwind day for you. You will finally feel like you're getting things back on track, Pisces. Any lag you've felt in the past few days will be eliminated. Your engine is in high gear. You have more of a sense of what you want. Don't be so concerned with how you're going to get it. Focus more on defining it precisely.
 Things should be going well for you, Pisces. Stay on track and you'll have a clear runway. If you deviate from where you need to be, you might get a harsh reminder from something or someone. There are powerful forces at work. You'll benefit if you work with instead of against them. Maintain your focus on the truth and those aspects that align with your soul.
 You may need to use charm and wit to ease a tense situation, Pisces. Gridlock could be making you feel uncomfortable. Your solution to the problem is to put on a happy face and divert attention from the difficulty by telling some jokes. Realize that this technique will delay having to face a particular situation for a while, but it certainly won't keep you from ever having to deal with it.
 Connect with people on a deep level, Pisces. Much of your focus is on emotional security. Make sure your home is a sanctuary where you feel comfortable being exactly who you are. Demonstrate patience and understanding through your words and actions. The more solid and steady you are, the more you will do and the more you will connect with the people around you.
 This should be a fun day for you, Pisces. You should enjoy a good mood and social times with others. Don't do anything that requires discipline or realistic thinking. This is a better day to simply have fun and relax. If you must work, do your best to keep your mood up. You can have fun even if you're being productive with menial tasks and duties.
 You may think that everything is perfect, Pisces, when suddenly, there's a great surge of unyielding emotional energy. Be on the lookout because such situations are likely to crop up and add intensity to your journey. Pool your knowledge with that of other people instead of trying to come up with all the answers by yourself.
 This will be an interesting day provided you keep your eyes and ears open to the opportunities that arise. Don't be afraid to take on new challenges. Even if you feel unsure about your abilities, embrace the chance to test them. If others think you're up to the challenge, you should give yourself the same benefit of the doubt! New friends are indicated 
 This may be a climactic day for you, Pisces, especially when it comes to your emotions. You could find that people try to wield some sort of power over you. Maybe they're trying to throw their weight around to get you to do something. Don't be manipulated. Stand up for yourself and be strong.
 You may have had a tendency to go about your daily routine lethargically lately, Pisces. But today the alarm clock wakes you up. You may understand that your help is urgently needed and there's no time to waste. You can expect to pour a great deal of energy into a single, well
 A possible change in direction might arise today. You could meet someone new or run into someone you haven't seen in a while who offers you a chance to change careers. Or it could become clear that you need to pursue your art or hobby full time. Whichever it is, Pisces, this is a great day to pursue it, even if you have doubts. Your past accomplishments afford you an advantage.
 Jump into action with energy today, Pisces. Order others around and delegate tasks for a change. An aggressive approach is what's needed, and you have the ability to deliver the goods. Trying to do everything yourself may seem like a great idea at first, but you're better off enlisting help so others can feel more involved and you can concentrate on doing a better job on fewer tasks.
 There are several opportunities open now that weren't there before. The key is to take advantage of them. Find freedom in the strange and new. Be a pioneer today and venture into the unknown. This is a day to expand and reach new heights by having more confidence in your abilities. Things will get stale and boring if you keep doing the same things over and over.
 Any expansive feeling you experience may be rained on today. You could get the feeling that you've lost touch with reality. Make sure you connect with real life, Pisces, and do a bit of planning to balance your whimsical side. Things that you haven't accounted for might crop up to serve as a reminder that you need to deal with real life.
 Be open to any invitations that come your way or any new people you meet. Change is in the air for you, Pisces, and you need only be receptive in order for it to come about. You may even meet someone at a social event who winds up being your partner for life. Explore all your interests and trust your intuition, for it will be a reliable guide.
 The doldrums are over and it's time to pick up the pace, Pisces. Come out of your house in full regalia today. Be proud of what you have to offer to the world. Be courageous in your dealings with others. Take the time to express yourself fully in a creative manner. The bigger the smile you wear, the further you will go in just about every situation.
 People may be a bit critical of you today, Pisces. You would do well to listen to what they say. Be receptive of feedback so you can establish a healthy ego. Keep your sense of humility. You may feel critical as you see people moving like sloths compared to your lightning quick mind. Be patient with others.
 This is an important day to make valuable connections, Pisces. You will be engaged in fast
 Listen closely to the wind, for the answers are blowing right in front of you, Pisces. Make contact with people you haven't heard from in a while. You can be quite productive today in unexpected situations. Ironically, the less you plan, the more you will accomplish. Be spontaneous. Revelations will come to you in a flash.
 Your mind may seem rather cloudy today, Pisces, but don't let this hinder you. In fact, you can use this dreamy feeling to your advantage. Try to bring more magic into your life. The more you accept your bizarre feelings and ideas, the more things will fall into place. Don't think that everything in life has to be completely rational.
 You may say one thing one minute and the opposite the next, Pisces. Most of the time you jump from one issue to the next with no hassle, but today people probably will call you on it. Think about what you mean before you say it. Don't do all your thinking aloud so others can hear. Your continuous thought process might be mistaken for your final analysis. Confusion could ensue.
 Get up and get going today, Pisces. You have no time to lose. Your mind will be busy tackling many tasks, but this suits you just fine. You're well equipped to deal with the many frantic situations that are likely to come up. There's a great deal of strength to your emotions that you can use to connect with others and communicate your thoughts in a healthy manner.
 Your physical stamina is apt to be strong today, Pisces. You should consider going to the gym to release some of that pent
 There may be dreaminess about your emotions today, Pisces, which could keep you from focusing on the task at hand. The aspects dictate that people may be stubborn and confused 
 As you follow the path toward acquiring the latest, greatest, fastest, and best, you may have left behind some fundamental values, Pisces. Don't lose sight of the principles that make up your foundation. You could be shaken today when your ego goes on trial for pig
 Today is a good day to simply get things done, Pisces. Take care of the annoying tasks that have been accumulating. You have a great opportunity to accomplish a lot. People are less concerned with frivolous drivel and gossip than they are with setting a plan to meet an important goal. Contribute to this trend by getting serious about the tasks at hand.
 An increased understanding of different cultures as well as curiosity about the people who live there might spur you to learn more about those places. Friends or groups could be involved in some way. You may channel a lot of energy into intellectual activities and inspire others to do the same. Take a walk at some point during the day. You will need to clear your head.
 You may be undecided about a loved one today, Pisces. Something may urge you to act yet you want to lay low. There's an important next step that you must take now. Carefully think the situation through before you make a move. In fact, this day would best be spent gathering data on the issue. It seems you should wait a bit before actually doing anything about it.
 Uptight is the mood for today. You might be the center of attention at some point. While you normally wouldn't mind, Pisces, today it might make you nervous. When everyone looks at you and expects you to say something, say it. Keep it short and then withdraw. You aren't in the mood. Walk to the library and throw yourself into reading about subjects that interest you. This should relieve the stress.
 Trying to get too much work done in the course of the day could prove self
 Recent spiritual breakthroughs might have you feeling both exhilarated and downcast, Pisces. Your sensitive side tells you that this is a definite step forward on your spiritual path, but the logical side might cause you to doubt its reality. Take comfort in the fact that reality is relative and that what you're sensing is at least valid for you. Then keep moving ahead.
 Today you might be waiting for a letter or call from a close friend or love partner, Pisces. Its delay could cause a powerful feeling of gloom. Don't let it spoil your day. The communication will come, and if not today, then within a few days. Meanwhile, this is a great time to try your hand at writing or music. Be creative while you wait. You might also call another friend.
 Your sharp intuition and imagination could bring enlightening spiritual insights, Pisces. Metaphysical or religious books could be especially appealing. Relations with close friends and family should benefit from this enhanced sensitivity. You may be able to understand them better because of it. This could be inspiring. It might move you to write or start some other creative activity.
 Brusque words or a lack of cordiality from a friend or colleague might have you wondering if this person is angry with you, Pisces. Don't let your insecurity make you crazy. This person probably just has problems of their own on their mind. Do your best not to take any stinging comments seriously. Have a little faith and show a little compassion.
 Plans to get some long
 Have been letting yourself go lately, Pisces? Now it's time to take better care of your body. This new initiative will make you feel happier and more ready to tackle life again. You may hesitate over whether or not you should try some of the alternative medicines that you hear about. This is only a small dilemma. Be glad you've finally decided to live a healthier lifestyle.
 This is a great day for you, Pisces. There's a terrific feeling of expansion in the air. This is one of those times in which a small germ of an idea can grow into something big right before your eyes. Projects are moving quickly, and information is being rapidly dispersed. Catch the energy and set your dreams in motion. You can accomplish a great deal if you try.
 Give special attention to others today, Pisces. Remind people how much they mean to you. Adopt a childlike attitude of excitement and adventure. This is the name of the game on a day like this. Let the sunshine touch your spirit regardless of the weather. There is extra fuel for your fire. Get out and do the things you love to do.
 Take charge of your life, Pisces. The more action you take, the more alive you will feel. Maybe you will decide to have a career on the stage. This is the kind of day when you need more variety than usual. Bright and happy people will catch your eye. Jump on the fast track. You're ready.
 Turn your energy inward today, Pisces. Make a detailed list of what you need to get done in order of priority. It's time to take inventory and get organized. Detail
 Your emotions may surprise you today as unexpected issues crop up out of nowhere, Pisces. Take time to smooth the wrinkles in your current plan of attack regarding your involvement with the world. A self
 You aren't the kind of person who likes to lead an ordinary life. You aren't afraid of the unknown. You like to open up to new worlds and cultures. You sometimes feel willing to change your whole life. Pisces, to your great satisfaction, today you will probably experience unusual events that could lead your life in new directions.
 You often neglect your health and body. Your equilibrium suffers from this, Pisces. The time has come to consider a medical checkup just to be on the safe side. You love to discover new things. Your thirst for knowledge incites you to expend a lot of energy. Try to find the time to rest and relax. Avoid all unnecessary effort.
 There's a certain quality in your personal relationships that motivates you in life, Pisces. This is one of the reasons why your emotions play an important role in the scheme of things. You're guided by your emotions. Today you will be in the best disposition to meet a lot of people who will give new impetus to your life.
 You may be a little hesitant today, Pisces, and not really sure why. Just when you thought you had it all figured out, another aspect comes up with a completely different perspective. It may be hard to choose one path and stick with it. Keep in mind that your unique path may incorporate many different side paths. This is one of your many gifts.
 One of the themes today is giving versus receiving. You may be asked to handle many tasks at once, something you're naturally quite good at, Pisces. There's a strong need to take action and get things done, while you may also feel a strong inward pull asking you to settle down and reflect. Both are valid emotions, and both should be honored as you go through your day.
 Don't waste time today, Pisces. Act with courage. Tap your primal nature and throw caution to the wind. Your wit and keen mind provide you with opportunities that you should jump on. Link with groups and contribute to projects. Nothing will escape your attention. Enjoy games of wit and puzzles that exercise your brain.
 Today is an excellent day for you, Pisces. You will receive some bursts of unexpected energy that help you accomplish whatever it is you wish to do. You should enjoy a favorable mood and good relations with others all day. Enjoy yourself and feel free to indulge in things that make you happy. Spend time with your family and let them share in your positive energy flow.
 Today is a good day for you, Pisces. New opportunities will abound in your regular routine. Work with a group to accomplish something greater than you could do by yourself. Tune in to the energy of the collective. You have exactly the right qualities that others need today. Use them.
 Slow down the pace today, Pisces. This is a day to sit back and observe and contemplate. Your mind may go in a hundred different directions, and you may be unsure which route to take. Try to quiet the buzzing chatter within. Be receptive to the loving, sensitive forces around you. Try not to disturb the flow by bringing up unrelated issues and hurtful gossip.
 There's an intensity about the day that may cause you to recoil from certain events and conversations, Pisces. Issues could get uncomfortable and perhaps a bit too involved. Other people may want to go to places that you don't want to go to. Don't get upset or frustrated. Either join in and roll with the punches or walk away and deal with the issues later.
 You might find that something or someone is purposefully trying to make things difficult for you today, Pisces. It might seem like you're trying to get a handle on the issues, but somehow things are slipping through your fingers. Don't make any major decisions, and certainly don't try to herd people into corners. Let others have their freedom and consider simply riding out the storm.
 The key to being successful today is to maintain an air of stability. If others see you as too flighty and off the wall, they will hesitate about putting their trust in you. Make sure you do those things in your power that will help boost your clout. You will need this support from others later. Make a solid base to build on.
 What are you waiting for, Pisces? Go for the gold. All you need to do is shine. You have the opportunity to merge with powerful groups today, so make sure to keep your eyes open. Do things that will improve your current status in a finance
 You might find that your brain is moving in the slow lane today, Pisces. It may even be creeping over to the breakdown lane. You might find that it's a bit harder to make your witty rebuttals in conversation. Take your time and make sure you choose your words carefully. Communicating with others might be a bit like pulling teeth.
 Today is apt to be favorable for you, Pisces. You should keep the lines of communication open so you can spread your knowledge to others and receive the important information that is due to come your way. Your energy might come in erratic yet powerful bursts. You should find that your ego and emotions are quite strong.
 It feels like you have more emotional armor on, Pisces, which will help you deal with a looming battle. Somewhere in your world a conflict is brewing. It may not be obvious, it may not be large, but it's there. Today you're more prepared to deal with things out in the open. You have a larger arsenal of weapons, and your witty, aggressive banter is at a peak.
 For you, Pisces, the next few weeks portend a period of timidity. You will probably go out less, introduce yourself to fewer new people, and be less prone to showing off. But any relationships you do form will be much more intense than usual. The month ahead is quite promising, though you may have to readjust some of your attitudes.
 Pisces, you may have recently built fanciful scenarios in your head regarding how you think things should be, in either a romantic, business, or family situation. It's likely these images will conflict with reality as you discover that you need to take a much more analytical approach to what you have going.
 You are radiant and glowing with happiness today, Pisces! This is a refreshing change after the gloom of the past few weeks. Apparently, the decisions you made worked out for the best. Or even better, perhaps you're in love? In any case, it will be even easier than usual for you to communicate with others and share your joy. Let the good times roll!
 When you enter a room, Pisces, the dynamic suddenly changes. Your presence has a powerful impact on other people. Don't take it lightly. People may hang on your words like they're listening to the queen address to her kingdom. Make sure the content of your speech reflects the gravity of the situation. Make every word count.
 If something has been bothering you, Pisces, today is a good time to work it out. Your excellent communicative ability will be even stronger with today's energy. Whether your problems have to do with a colleague, boss, spouse, friend, or relative, you will find the words to effectively communicate your thoughts and feelings. Don't hesitate to make those appointments.
 It may be hard for you to maintain your self
 The past few weeks may have seemed Earth shattering, Pisces. You may still be trembling slightly as you head into the coming weeks. Fortunately, the current astral configuration promises to be calmer, although not necessarily less intense. You will be able to apply recent decisions regarding your domestic life and finally settle some important matters.
 This could be a highly productive day for you if you approach it in the right way. You will find that you have an added burst of energy that could help you conquer just about any task you set your mind to, Pisces. You may feel more aggressive than usual, so use this to your advantage by delegating tasks and moving forward on projects that you'd like to see done.
 You may be in a difficult position, Pisces, as a critical part of a pending decision. Your first reaction may be to throw up your hands and leave the decision to someone else. Making a choice is too tough, so you find that you'd rather not have to make it at all. Unfortunately, it looks like everyone else has the same idea. Deep down, you have an opinion that needs to be heard.
 If by chance you have to speak in public soon, Pisces, trust that people will enjoy listening to you. Words come effortlessly to you, and you exude confidence. You willingly accept the compliments of others. Your energy level is high and you will be unstoppable. This is only fair after all of the work you've put in these last few months!
 Be careful to not be too cavalier today, Pisces. It would be wise to adopt a more serious tone than usual. You might be inclined to say words carelessly, but people are going to take you literally. Make sure you mean what you say. Your attention to fashion and pop culture may conflict with a force that's asking you to focus on things of deeper spiritual value.
 The Universe is inviting you magnify your vision, Pisces. It's time to see the bigger, better, more advanced side of things. Remember that life is a mirror. You're highly unlikely to receive more than you hope for. So dream big, hope big, and imagine yourself in the stars. Don't sell yourself short. It's a misuse of humility and modesty.
 A delivery that you were expecting from far away might be delayed, Pisces, causing you to wonder if it might have been lost. It hasn't. Unfortunately, there isn't much you can do but wait. Mechanical equipment could also go out of whack, necessitating a call to a repair service. This could set you back some and make you antsy. Try to find something else to do!
 As a person who loves to experiment with new ideas and discover new people, you will be delighted with the period that is now beginning. Since communication, togetherness, and sociability will rule the next few weeks, it will be a perfect time to get out and show off your gifts. You will have a ball, Pisces!
 There are times in your love life when you may feel somewhat inhibited, as though something is holding you back from total fulfillment. Perhaps the emotions overwhelm you or the idea of commitment frightens you. In any case, Pisces, you're well aware that your reluctance to take the plunge is detrimental to your relationship. The day will call on you to take a few more risks.
 If you work in a helping profession such as psychotherapy, you're probably breaking quite a few rules and protocols right now, Pisces. You may even be going against theories that were a fundamental part of your education. Don't be troubled by your rebelliousness. It's important that the status quo be challenged from time to time. It's people like you who advance the field!
 Unsettling news from far away could have you somewhat upset and a little depressed. The temptation to withdraw and brood might seem too strong to resist, but this may not be the best course of action. Getting things done is likely to be the best therapy in emotional situations like this, Pisces. So if there's a new project you've been considering, this is the day to start it.
 Some past stories may come back to haunt you today, Pisces. If you once held a government post, for example, a journalist could undercover some error that you made years ago and publish it in today's newspaper! Everyone has to deal with the jealousy of others at some point in their lives. So prepare yourself and fight back!
 You may feel that your current relationships are more complicated than ever, Pisces. This is because you're going through a period when many planets are trying to shed light on your hidden motivations. When you're finished analyzing and have an understanding of what really drives you, your relationships will seem much simpler.
 Today you might be with friends who want to go out on the town and spend money. Shopping, eating in fancy restaurants, or going to dance clubs could be in their plans. This is fine, Pisces, as long as you don't get caught up in the excess. Find a happy medium between spending too much and acting like a party pooper.
 This is a great day to strut your stuff, Pisces. You're on top of the world, so enjoy it, your family, and the people around you. You're at the forefront of the action and you don't miss a beat, regardless of the conversation buzzing around you. You're able to whip out facts and dates at the drop of a hat. Don't let anyone bring you down or talk you out of your good mood.
 You may end up in some arguments, Pisces. Your nature is expansive and generous, but if others take advantage of this good nature, your mood quickly turns to anger and detachment. Conflict is often a natural part of a relationship. Use it as a learning experience instead of blowing it out of proportion and turning it into a larger issue than it needs to be.
 When faced with an emotionally intense situation, you're likely to flee, Pisces. You'd rather change the subject to something more lighthearted. This form of escapism is doing nothing to solve the problem. In fact, by avoiding the emotional topic, you're only creating more friction than if you just approached the problem directly.
 Today you might channel one final, powerful burst of energy into completing a goal that means a great deal to you. Your courage and determination are high, and you have the ability to accomplish a lot at this time, Pisces. If you've been considering projects that others think are impossible, this is the day to act. Move forward with caution, but go for the gold!
 Working toward goals you share with others could bring you closer together as friends and lovers, Pisces. The whole is definitely more than the sum of the parts. You're likely to produce better results as a group or partnership than you would have otherwise. This is an "all pull together" sort of day. Romantically, you may have an exciting, passionate encounter!
 A lack of time to pursue your spiritual and intellectual interests could weigh on your mind today, Pisces. Gloom might descend on you, as if responsibilities of the moment are too much for you. Try to be the observer. If a friend came to you for advice with your problem, what would you say? Take your own advice. You might also want to consider streamlining your activities.
 You may feel living your life is like crossing a desert, but fortunately, Pisces, today brings your oasis. Take advantage of it! Some people you've met over the past few weeks could turn out to be more interesting than you originally thought. It's up to you to change those parts of your personality that have been holding you back.
 People love to be with you because you have such natural charm, Pisces. But today you may not feel especially charming or like talking to anyone. You may have a secret inside that's screaming to get out. If someone confides in you today, do you think you could confide in him or her, too? You should get an answer to that question today.
 Here you go again, philosophizing about what personal expression, creation, and authenticity are all about. Have you noticed that you have some problems expressing issues that don't fall within the norm, Pisces? Your strong will and desire to be appreciated get in your way. It isn't easy to express yourself authentically when you're trying to make an impression on others.
 Your light, breezy spirit may have some trouble harmonizing with today's prevailing mood. Usually when you're cornered, you're able to find a way to squirm to safety. Today you may run out of clever maneuvers. Even though you face the day's challenges alone and unaided, you survive them the same way. Good for you!
 The mood will be a bit oppressive today, Pisces. After meeting the challenges presented by the past several days, you're likely to want a little peace and quiet! But you can expect to be sought out and asked to assume your duties. You may feel like forgetting the whole thing and running away. Be reasonable and wait until you have some vacation time.
 You and a current or potential partner may disagree on whether to spend some time together alone or go out with friends, Pisces. If you've both had a rough day, you're likely to be rather tense and apt to snap at each other. A compromise may be the best answer. Spend an hour or two with your friends and then come home and relax. That way, everyone's happy.
 Today is a great time to form or strengthen romantic relationships, Pisces. If you aren't involved, chances are you will meet someone. If you are, expect your relationship to develop a new spiritual bond. New friendships, particularly with people who share your interests, are on the horizon. The coming years will be a time when everyone will have to pull together. Today you get a head start.
 The planetary aspects invite you to explore strong expressions of feeling, Pisces. A declaration of love, autobiography, spiritual confession, apology, or reconciliation. All these kinds of communication bring a kind of intimate revelation. This might be what you need in order to take advantage of the powerful inspiration of the moment.
 You may be looking for some new values in your personal life, Pisces. You're no longer interested in superficial or frivolous relationships. You need to meet different kinds of people and select friends who are really worth keeping. Don't worry if you feel like taking a step back to get some perspective, because this is the time to do it. Relationships are too important to neglect.
 You're unstoppable today, Pisces. It seems you can do anything. Your confidence and energy are high. There's no question that you're ready to take the world by storm. Is the world ready for you? Think carefully as you formulate plans for your new project. Whatever you do will succeed, but be sure you're doing what you really want to do rather than what others expect of you.
 You have a wonderful combination of optimism and spirituality, Pisces. You believe in miracles as well as angels, Santa Claus, and the Tooth Fairy. We support your attitude wholeheartedly! Today something may happen that only further solidifies your beliefs. Perhaps your guardian angel saves you from stepping in front of a bus, or you receive a telepathic message that stops you from making a bad career mistake.
 The temptation to take center stage might be too strong to resist, Pisces. Someone may ask you to tell a story. Your gift with words and vivid imagination should serve you well. Keep it brief. If you go on too long, your friends could fidget. Time your performance by watching their expressions. Do it right and you will be asked to do it again.
 You're an avid reader, Pisces. Today you may come across some ideas that inspire ideas of your own. Perhaps you read something gives you an idea for a short story. Maybe an interview with a famous musician reignites your desire to play the piano. Pay attention to these yearnings. Write them down. When you review them in a few days, you will see which ones still have a strong pull on you.
 You feel like you have a stone strapped to your back, Pisces. The farther you walk with this load, the slower you go, and the more hunched over you will be by the time you reach your destination. Unloaded the stone from your pack. Realize that this break in your journey will help you make much better time in the long run and save you from a great deal of physical strain.
 You feel energetic and optimistic, Pisces. You can do anything you set your mind to! This positive outlook is a refreshing change from the usual pessimism. It's certainly easier to go through life happy. As someone once said, people pretty much choose whether or not they're going to be happy. Kudos to you for making the right choice. You're bound to be successful once you believe you can be.
 Try not to do everything all at once today, Pisces. Your social life is heating up and you may be in a frenzy preparing for all the gatherings you've been invited to. All this on top of your regular workload could send you into a tailspin. Pace yourself. Get your work done first before thinking about your social life. Remember, if you were unemployed, you wouldn't be able to go out at all!
 A temporary separation from a romantic partner might have you despairing today, Pisces. Your imagination may conjure up all sorts of dreadful scenarios, like your beloved finding someone else. Don't do this to yourself. Your friend probably misses you, too. Keep busy so the days pass quickly until your friend comes back and you're together again. Be patient!
 A rather spacey friend or acquaintance from far away could call today, Pisces, perhaps to propose a visit. This might not be convenient now, and could put you in a quandary as to whether or not to agree to it. Your decision eventually comes down to how much you care for this person and how badly you want to see him or her. Think carefully before saying yes or no.
 Are you contemplating a trip, Pisces, perhaps to a place you've always dreamed of visiting? If you're in doubt as to whether or not you can do it, work out your budget and you might be surprised. Invite a friend or romantic partner to accompany you. Such a trip could boost your personal growth like nothing you've ever tried before. Think about it!
 You might not be in the mood to cooperate today, Pisces. You will most likely want to work on projects alone at your own pace. You will probably have to come out of your shell and interact with others. You may need advice or input. Try not to be too pouty with your partner or kids. They might not understand the real reason why you're distracted.
 Spiritual and metaphysical concepts may seem murky to you today, Pisces. Ideas that friends accept as matters of course might feel strange. Don't get into an argument. Ask about books, websites, or magazines that you can consult for more input and, hopefully, clarity. Find out about future lectures on the subject. It should all come together eventually. You just need to be patient!
 Friends and money rarely mix, Pisces. Today a close friend may ask for a loan. Think carefully. Rather than take the easy route and say yes, you and your friend would be better served if you helped him or her figure out a way to earn the money. Perhaps you could offer a job or introduce your friend to someone else who can help. Be creative and you will find a solution that works for everyone.
 You may need to take the day off to replenish your soul, Pisces. You've been working exceptionally hard lately. While your output is impressive, it's coming at a high personal cost. Take some time today to let your mind and body rest and relax. Cuddle up in your favorite chair with a book, some tea, and a quilt. Let your mind wander. You may be surprised where it lands.
 Career changes may be on the horizon, Pisces. Although positive in the long run, the events leading up to the change may seem catastrophic. Your employer could go out of business or move too far away for you to commute. The secret here is not to panic. Accept the situation and move on. In the end, you will probably be glad that this happened. Success and good fortune are coming.
 A new or long
 Much of your day is likely to be spent in the company of family, close friends, and a current or potential love partner, Pisces. Business partners could be involved. This should be a very pleasant, stimulating day for you. People you care about and enjoy will surround you. You're also likely to become more strongly bonded to a romantic partner.
 You're radiant and glowing with happiness today. This is a refreshing change after the gloom and doom of the past few weeks. Apparently the decisions you made worked out for the best. Or, even better, perhaps you're in love? In any case, Pisces, it will be even easier than usual for you to communicate with others and share your joy. Let the good times roll!
 Your life certainly seems to revolve around human contact. You're an outgoing, cheerful, engaging conversationalist who enjoys bringing people together, though lately you've been yearning to be alone. Pisces, don't ignore any urge you feel for solitude. Even though it's an unusual need for you, it's still a valid one.
 Too many people may be vying for your attention today, Pisces, both at work and home. You will want to make them all happy, so you may feel a little frazzled. Your temper might also be on edge. It would be better to put off the less urgent demands than work yourself into a frenzy. Those who matter would rather have you enjoy life than tire yourself out for their sake.
 Ground yourself today, Pisces. Lay a solid foundation for the future. This is a very critical time in which you must think realistically about your future success. You must incorporate an element of restriction into your life before your dreams can actualize. Today is one of those days in which you can fuse a powerful combination of fantasy and reality in order to build success.
 There's an Earthy weightiness to today. You could feel like your relationships are in a difficult situation, Pisces. Don't worry, because the clouds are going to lighten up tremendously after today. Put in your hard work now and do any last minute planning you feel is necessary before you're off and running. The starting gate is about to open.
 Being married to someone for many years takes work, Pisces. No one said it was going to be easy. Hollywood promotes a fantasyland that can make your life look drab and boring by comparison. Realize that your life can be good and interesting, too 
 Be quick to point out when you see an injustice, Pisces. If someone says something offensive or untrue, don't let it slide. If you do, you're just as much at fault as the person who committed the offense. When you know you're right, say so. It's important that others respect you. Your honest nature and good moral sense are important qualities and should be recognized accordingly.
 What's driving you today, Pisces? Why do you feel an obsessive need to get all your work done at once? If you're trying to impress someone, there's no need. Others already hold you in high regard. If the project you're working on is urgent, get some help. Don't try to do it all yourself unless you want to be too stressed out to accomplish anything tomorrow. Talk about counterproductive!
 Spiritual studies might seem fascinating and confusing, Pisces. Are you reading a book whose author isn't clear? Perhaps this isn't the best work to bring you the information you seek. Ask friends to recommend better books. Make a trip to the library. See what's available online. There's no need to try to make sense of something that's confusing to begin with.
 Whether you spend today with your feet on the ground or in an airplane, you're eager and enthusiastic about your life direction. If you aren't on your way to a distant land, it's likely that you will be airborne soon, Pisces. You've achieved tremendous success lately and that trend is going to continue. If this trip is a reward to yourself for all of your hard work, you deserve it!
 You may feel a little under the weather today, Pisces. You may even develop sniffles or a sore throat. If so, consider going to the doctor. This can be an especially unwelcome development, as it keeps you from certain activities. If you act quickly, your ailment may not worsen. Take the time you need to feel healthy again before returning to your routine.
 You could feel a bit low today due to disappointment in someone important to you, Pisces. It could be that a mentor no longer supports you or perhaps an authority figure has shown his or her true colors. Rather than casting about for a new role model, why not follow the path that you know is right for you? You're experienced enough now not to need anyone else to lead the way.
 Today you're going to want to shut out the world and be alone with your thoughts, Pisces. You're caught up in the introspective energies at play. You may not be very cooperative, and may even wish to spend time on more solitary activities. Indulge yourself. You might want to take time alone to meditate. Listen to yourself. You're likely to be on the verge of a major self
 This morning you may wake up from a dream with many inspiring new ideas. If you're into creative activity of any kind, you will want to jot these ideas down, as well as possibilities for bringing them to the rest of the world. This could be through music, painting, writing, or any kind of art form. Don't be surprised if your style changes a little. If nothing else, this demonstrates versatility!
 If you're a salesperson, Pisces, expect orders to roll in today. You're unusually persuasive, making it virtually impossible for anyone to say no to you. All signs indicate you will be successful with whatever you undertake. Take advantage of this auspicious time. But be wary if you end up on the receiving end of a sales pitch. Opportunities that seem too good to be true usually are.
 A social event could put you in contact with people who love to gossip, Pisces. They might have some juicy tidbits to report, and you could be torn between curiosity and compassion for the person being discussed. If what you hear is good, relax and enjoy it. If it's vicious, don't be afraid to speak up. Someone has to express displeasure at the spreading of unkind rumors!
 You could either be planning or preparing for a long journey by air, Pisces. Your plans may still need to be confirmed. Today is the perfect day to do this. Spiritual matters might be very much on your mind right now, and you might read a lot about such subjects. Don't be surprised if it proves difficult to put them out of your mind.
 Some time alone with a special person is definitely called for today, Pisces. The social whirl of recent weeks has put you in touch with a lot of old friends and enabled you to make new ones. Now it's time to relax at home. You might discuss your plans for your future together, perhaps regarding possible changes in your living situation. You might also give some thought to your career.
 Luck and prosperity lie within your grasp now, Pisces. The only problem is that you might not notice because you're so caught up in some emotional drama that occupies your entire being. Don't concern yourself with issues that don't directly pertain to you. Your time and energy are too precious. Keep your mind focused on your biggest goals.
 It's important to turn your attention to more spiritual matters now, Pisces. Consider enrolling in a yoga class that combines meditation with the physical practice. It's vital to link your mind, body, and soul together. The more you can integrate these three parts of your being, the healthier you will feel. A high
 You might find your energy comes in strong, erratic bursts today, Pisces. Don't be surprised if you're high as a kite one moment and down in the dumps the next. Even if you're driving everyone crazy with your yo
 Today you might take time out from all the recent excitement to take a good look at your working life, Pisces. Is it satisfying? Is it contributing not only to your own well
 Your emotions could be quite strong today, Pisces. You may find it difficult to act without having intense feelings come into the picture. Be careful about speaking without first thinking how your words will affect other people. It's important for you to be receptive in order to tune into the activity around you. Be open to others' opinions.
 You're at a creative high point right now, so make sure to nurture this side of your being, Pisces. It could be that you're in danger of running into an obstacle. Try not to get discouraged. Instead, it may be best for you to reflect on what you've done in the past. Enjoy emotional stability today instead of letting your emotions jump around from one thing to the next.
 Financial benefits may come your way through channels you've never dreamed of. This could have to do with investments, settlements, or insurance benefits. Pleasant recurring dreams may come your way, bringing insights to your past and giving rise to new self
 You may feel emotionally on fire today, Pisces. One conversation with someone will suddenly spark a discussion of some sort that proves extremely valuable to you in the long run. Expand your mind. You can learn a great deal by opening yourself up to the truth. Making connections with others will help pave the way toward your success.
 This is one of those days in which you may ask for five minutes to complete a certain task and an hour later finally finish whatever you set out to do. Keep in mind that this isn't necessarily a bad thing. Things are taking you longer than expected not because you're inefficient but because you're more passionate than usual about what you're doing.
 Fascinating new information could arrive today from TV or the Internet, opening up new educational opportunities. The possibility of making contact and perhaps visiting new friends in other countries might come to your attention. You will probably find this very exciting, Pisces, and make plans immediately. This is fine, but be careful to consider all contingencies. Be practical and objective.
 An element of the mystical and fanciful will play a significant part in your world today, Pisces. This energy is likely to come to you unexpectedly, and your first reaction might be to shy away from it. Believe in the power of thought and intention. Pursue whatever you wish to achieve in your world. Putting a great deal of willpower behind your actions will make you more likely to succeed.
 Recent conflicts may stir up some anger in you, Pisces. This is a powerful force, and you could be tempted to get into a big fight. Put the weapons away and bring out the olive branch. Take that energy that has built up and use it to fuel your romantic affairs instead of warlike ventures. Defuse the situation by sharing passionate nights with the one you love.
 It might seem like your brain and heart are working against you today, Pisces. You might sense that they've teamed up to keep your head in a swirling maelstrom of confusion that you can't seem to pull out of. Look beyond the mundane confusion of this day. Connect with your sensitive, receptive side, sit back, and let someone else do the thinking.
 Your mind is strong and focused today, Pisces. As a result, you're probably feeling especially physically robust. Sudden insights could earn you some satisfying acknowledgement, not to mention the respect of someone important to you. Your intuition level is high and apt to serve you well now, particularly where work and health are concerned. Make the most of it!
 An intellectual problem may prove confusing, Pisces, and reading and research reveal contradictory information. You might also hear some gossip that doesn't seem quite right. This isn't the day to believe everything you read or hear or to try to make sense of anything that has you befuddled. You will be in a better space later. Put it aside for a few days and then tackle it.
 You're apt to feel stronger within, helping you to connect the inner and outer sides of your personality, Pisces. You may feel like you have all your troops united on a common front and are making tremendous progress toward reaching your goals. Don't stop. Your momentum is strong. Things you set in motion now will have a tremendous effect that will continue to increase over time.
 You may be excited about an idea today, Pisces, but unfortunately no one else may be. You spring up with enthusiasm only to smack into a brick wall. One side of you may be communicative and witty while the other is confused. The two sides aren't really connecting well, so perhaps you should just lay low. Hold on to your ideas, and save their presentation for a later day.
 A number of new and exciting relationships could appear in your life now, some of them showing promise of becoming close. Old ones seem to be fading. This can make you a little sad, Pisces, but it's a process that you can't stop. As you change inside, so your relationships change. You might attract friends who share new interests. Go with the flow.
 You might contemplate a change of residence, or at least a change in household. Someone could move out or move in. Travel might be on your mind. You could decide to plan a trip by air either out of state or out of the country. These changes imply expansion not only in your worldly life but also within. Go with the flow.
 Don't trust anything related to money or contracts today, Pisces. This isn't a good day to enter into any kind of contract, whether it's starting an investment program, negotiating a salary, or changing banks. There's a lot of miscommunication and misunderstanding in the air. You may think you understand what you're signing, but you may not. Save legal and financial matters for another day.
 There's a big world out there beckoning to you, Pisces. Why not plan an adventure to a faraway land? You've been working hard and deserve a reward. If you can't take time off right now, at least contact a travel agent or do some research online. Surround yourself with pamphlets and images of foreign cities. Even though you know you can't travel to them now, you know you will get there soon.
 Today you may feel a little out of sorts, Pisces, but your creative energies are likely to flow freely. Inspiration could come from deep within you. You're probably more focused than usual, and therefore can spend considerable time working on a task or project without getting restless. Give free rein to your ideas. They might seem a bit dark and strange at first, but they're important.
 Today a friendship could develop into something more, Pisces. Someone you know fairly well but never thought of as a potential lover could suddenly show a romantic interest in you and you could respond. Whether or not you choose to do anything about it depends on you. Circumstances and people change. Think twice before you dismiss this person. Don't do it because they're "just" a friend.
 This morning, Pisces, you could see nothing but piles of papers that you have no use for. You might go through them like a house afire, wanting to clear out as much clutter as you can. This is always good. A cluttered house parallels a cluttered mind. However, make certain you at least scan each thing before you discard it. You don't want to throw something out you may need later.
 Your inspiration and imagination are at their peak, Pisces. You may want to try some kind of an artistic project. You're sure to be pleasantly surprised by the results. You're especially tuned in to the feelings of others, so don't hesitate to act on your intuition. Logic takes a back seat to gut instinct today!
 Organized parties, impromptu get
 Today you may wake up feeling energetic, enthusiastic, optimistic, and very happy, Pisces. You may not be able to trace this to anything logical, so don't even try. Make the most of what's happening and use that energy to create the life you want. You might feel like you can move mountains, but for now you'd better concentrate on molehills. Be conservative now and tackle the mountains later!
 Today is a domestic sort of day. You've been neglecting your home recently and now is a good time to make up for it. Clear out the clutter and get organized. If you're ambitious, you might even want to try a little cooking. Why else have you been saving magazine recipes? You will enjoy the result of getting things in order and allowing yourself the pleasure of a positive day.
 Nervous tension among family members is high today, Pisces, so don't be surprised if household members start quarreling. It's best to keep them apart most of the day if you can. In the evening, encourage them to talk about what's bothering them. You may be feeling a bit bored and discouraged, but forget about it by keeping busy. This will all pass by tomorrow.
 Today you might plan a quick trip by air, Pisces. This could be business related. Someone else may have been meant to go but couldn't, so you may be taking his or her place. This could be disruptive for you, but if you make an effort, you can turn it into an adventure. It's always best to go with the flow and make the most of it.
 You probably aren't going to impress people with your fast talk and quick facts today, Pisces. You will likely get further if you express the emotions that lie behind your words. It's more important to say what you feel than what you think. Even though this may go against your usual nature, you will find that it's the best policy on a day like this.
 Take care that your self
 A relationship that may have in the past been based primarily on intellectual interests may take a sudden turn toward romance. If you aren't careful, Pisces, this could turn into an obsession! Relax and enjoy it, but accept your partner as he or she is 
 Enthusiasm for spiritual and metaphysical studies could have you feeling optimistic about the future. Your physical energy is high, Pisces, and this suggests that you want to try yoga, tai chi, or another discipline that combines physical exercise with developing psychic and spiritual faculties. Friends could want to join you in this activity. Let the insights flow, and write them down.
 A lot of letters, calls, or emails could come your way from all over, Pisces, bringing lots of good news and useful information. Some of it could involve new and innovative opportunities that are of great interest to you. Expect a lot of discussion that could really get your mind going. Write down what seems most promising for you and leave the rest for others.
 You may find that you're indecisive when it comes to issues concerning love and romance, Pisces. For some reason, you have a tendency to pull one way and then the other, yet neither way seems very rewarding. Don't feel like you have to take concrete action at this time. In fact, if you do, this commitment may cause you more frustration later.
 You might find that your desire to conquer is active today, Pisces, and that your mind is right in line with the urge to take action. Listen to this and stoke the internal fire. You will find that you can increase your circle of influence by a great deal as long as you're willing to take a decisive risk in how you approach every situation. Be bold and courageous in your actions.
 Some great news about a friend's good fortune could be exciting, Pisces, and you might spend a lot of time on the phone not only congratulating that friend but also discussing it with other people. This is good for you, as you're apt to find it inspiring and use it as motivation to continue pushing ahead yourself. In fact, this news could change your life profoundly in the long run.
 The only good thing about being on an emotional roller coaster is that you never feel the same way for long. One moment you're up, the next you're down. You can't figure out what it is you want. Rather than drag your loved ones along on the ride, get away from your usual environment. You will be a lot better off alone. And something more important may come out of these moments of solitude!
 Don't worry about being productive today, Pisces. Thanks to the high energy provided by the planetary aspects, it might be one of the most efficient days you've had for a long time. Dig in your heels and go, go, go. Things will be accomplished in no time flat, with some to spare at that. If you have a creative hobby, enjoy working on it. You will find it rewarding.
 Use your creativity to make things happen today, Pisces. Remember that creativity doesn't always take the form of a finished product. Use it to come up with innovative ways to approach a task, project, or problem. Trust in your ability to discover such possibilities. You're an intelligent and creative person. Combine the two to make an unbeatable tool for finding solutions to almost anything.
 Today, Pisces, your ability to stand up for your decisions and not let others sway you may be enhanced. This will be especially true if you've arrived at a resolution that solves a problem. Others may often try to change your decisions. Maybe this is because they succeed, but not today. The planetary aspects are working in your favor, and you will feel a new strength. Follow your own heart.
 Take the time today to consider your health, Pisces. Do you get enough rest, eat the right foods, take vitamins, exercise every day, go to the doctor when you need to, and take time to relax? All these help you have a lifetime of good health. Living a long, healthy life is something we all want. Start now to take care of your body.
 Venturing into something new and different may be what you need, Pisces. You have a very solid, practical side to your personality, but the need for excitement and adventure is likely to be just as strong. If you've had your nose to the grindstone recently, take some time off for fun. Visit a friend or, better yet, drive to a place you haven't been to and explore.
 Tap into your creativity to unblock the emotional flow today, Pisces. This can be a powerful tool. Creativity is a big part of who you are, almost as big as communication. Your emotions link to these two aspects and constantly interact beneath the surface. If one gets blocked, release it by focusing on the other. Express yourself through creativity and consider talking to someone close.
 You may not be your usual cheery self today, Pisces. Gloom may have come over you. You may doubt everything that happens in your life. No matter how promising a career, romance, or money matter seems, you think the worst. Treat yourself today. Get a massage, relax in a hot tub, and rub and soak out those doubting spirits. That will get you through the day. Tomorrow you will be back to normal.
 Career and financial successes might finally come your way after months and perhaps years of striving, Pisces. The emotional support you receive from those who've been working with you can be very gratifying, and it's likely to last for a long time. If you like what you're doing, chances are you will be doing it for a while. If you're committed to your profession, keep up the good work.
 You may feel a bit weighed down today, Pisces, and perhaps more reserved than usual. Someone may be raining on your parade, but don't let it get you down. Use the grounded energy of the day to get things done. You have your hands full with many tasks, so sit down and bring them to completion. Calm your nervous system and balance your frantic emotions. Ease off the caffeine.
 Expect some great news regarding money, possibly involving professional advancement. You may have to control the urge to cry tears of joy, Pisces. In a different vein, a close friend could be going through some changes and might want your support. Your best course of action would be to listen rather than give advice. You may have to control yourself if the situation defies all reason.
 Jealousy could rear its ugly head today, Pisces. This may involve a romantic relationship. Jealousy is often groundless. If you want to avoid an upset, try a little communicating. This is definitely the time to make the effort to turn a disadvantage into an advantage. Strong emotions can work for you under some circumstances. A passionate reconciliation is better than an angry estrangement.
 A task, perhaps job related or perhaps one of your own, might prove weightier than you expected. You're working too hard and you could be feeling tired and dejected, Pisces. Exactly how crucial is it to get this done right now? If it isn't vital, get as much done as you can without compromising your well
 You should be feeling especially passionate now, Pisces, especially regarding partnerships. Romantic partnerships definitely call for an evening alone together. Professional and creative ones, on the other hand, call for a new project that you both believe in. Look to events in distant states or foreign countries for inspiration. Something begun far away from home could capture your imagination.
 All aspects of love and romance will go especially well today, Pisces. You might take this opportunity to make a bold move toward the object of your affection. Go with an unconventional approach and move fearlessly. Your relationships will go well. Nurture your romantic side and communicate your feelings. Love will act suddenly and unexpectedly. Go with the flow.
 Some unsettling news from far away could have you stressed out, Pisces. This might affect your work if you aren't careful. Your mind may stray back and forth from work to the news and its implications. Stay focused. All signs are that whatever you've heard is likely to be far less troublesome than it appears right now. Don't fly off the handle until you know the facts.
 It would be a good idea to socialize with others today in a comfortable, open setting. Say what you feel instead of just concentrating on what you think, Pisces. Be just as good a listener as you expect others to be for you. Join a writing circle or take a painting class. Your creativity is looking for an outlet today, so you might as well share this gift among friends.
 Your internal computer just got upgraded today and your head is buzzing with all kinds of new information, Pisces. The good news is that you should be able to process all these bytes at lightning speed. Act swiftly and with great confidence. You can do anything. You could even talk your way into the White House for dinner.
 A call from a romantic partner could lead to an intimate get
 To those around you, you might appear to be your usual logical, rational self, Pisces. Actually, you may be drawing a lot of your ideas and insights from deep within your psyche. You're probably drawing on experiences from your past, even if you aren't consciously aware of it. Even though the source is unorthodox, whatever you come up with is likely to have a lot of practical value.
 After a recent financial problem, you've decided to take the bull by the horns and do what you need to do. You're used to being in control of a situation, and small financial worries aren't going to get you down. After all, money isn't everything. On top of your ability to react to a problem, your originality and self
 It scares you when life seems like it's slipping through your fingers and you can't slow it down. But it isn't life that's playing tricks on you. You aren't seeing things as clearly as you should be. You feel a little left out, but don't worry. You're just out of energy. Try and think of this empty feeling inside as a kind of purification or a much
 What would happen if you decided to take care of yourself today, Pisces? This is what the planets are trying to tell you. You need to relax, to let yourself be taken care of, and close your eyes and dream. Leave the daily tasks behind. You need peace and quiet. Lie down and release all your worries. You don't need to act and you don't need to react. Just relax.
 The promise of possible financial advancement could cause you to plunge into a lot of paperwork today. This could be related to a job, Pisces, or it might involve a personal project that you've been working on. You might get so caught up in what you're doing that you lose your ability to focus and get too frazzled to finish. Remember to pace yourself and take breaks when you feel the need.
 You may wonder why increased intuition has seemed to replace your usual logical self. An unexpected intellectual, spiritual, or metaphysical insight might come to you from another realm. It may seem so profound that you wonder if it really came from you. Write it down in detail. Whatever you come up with is going to keep you in the clouds all day, Pisces. Don't trip or bump into anyone!
 Don't try to sign up for a class over the phone or online today, Pisces, as it probably won't work. This also isn't a good day to travel 
 Social events or group activities could prove more stimulating than usual, Pisces. Discussions of every subject imaginable could take place around you, and you might have trouble deciding which ones you want to join. Your mind may be going the speed of light by the time the gathering ends. Walk home if time and weather permit. That should clear your head enough to let you sleep well.
 In case you're surrounded by a lot of people today, you can look forward to a very harmonious day, Pisces. Your sensitivity is higher than usual, so you will be better able to understand others and be understood as well. As a result, you add another bond to your relationships, which will create happiness and joy in your heart.
 You may have let household tasks and chores go for a few days, Pisces, so today you might decide to get them all done at once. You have the energy and the stamina to do it. However, take care not to get too caught up in little details that only you tend to notice. This can keep you from getting the most important chores done.
 A temporary separation from a love partner might have you in a very gloomy mood, Pisces. Attempts to reach your friend by phone might prove fruitless. You might grow more and more frustrated and angry. There isn't much you can do other than leave messages. Don't let your insecurity get the best of you. Find something else to do until your friend has a chance to call. Better late than never.
 A social event could bring you into contact with some interesting people in fascinating fields, Pisces, some from distant places. Discussions could turn you on to one or more new interests, which you will probably want to pursue later. You might receive an invitation to visit an exotic place. If you're single, you could meet a potential lover. This will be an evening to remember.
 All the success and good fortune you've enjoyed over the past several months may have freed you from the grind enough to concentrate on spiritual or artistic interests. There may be a few surprises in store for you, Pisces. You may meet some new people who share your interests. What you learn from them could improve your progress. You might embark on a new course of study.
 A rush of intense love and romantic passion for a special someone might turn your mind toward marriage, Pisces. The wedding of a friend may contribute to these thoughts. Your partner may still have doubts about moving to the next level of commitment, even though there's no question that he or she truly loves you. Be patient and hold your tongue. You will know when the time is right.
 An unexpected problem with a task you're trying to finish could cause a temporary upset between you and those closest to you, Pisces. This might have your family stomping out of the house in anger. Remember that everybody has their own concerns, and probably wouldn't have reacted this way otherwise. Finish what you have to do and patch things up later. All should be well.
 Today might be one of the most fortunate days of your life, Pisces. Everything you've been striving for 
 Relations with partners of all kinds 
 Have you been lethargic lately? If so, today is your wakeup call. You will be alert and clear about the task at hand. You understand that your help is urgently needed, and that there's no time to waste. You can expect to pour a great deal of energy into a single, well
 Creativity and romance are a good combination, Pisces, and today both are in top form. Why not get out the good stationery and craft a love note that will set that special someone's heart aflutter? Cater to your romantic nature, ideally with a partner at your side. Even if you're alone, a bubble bath will do wonders for your soul.
 You're never at a loss for an opinion, Pisces, and today is no exception. The energy of the day is such that you're happier listening to conversations than participating in them. You can't help but smile at the misinformation that gets bandied about. Since no one has bothered to ask for your opinion, you aren't about to offer it today. Tomorrow is another matter entirely.
 If you've been thinking about studying astrology, numerology, or other occult sciences, Pisces, this is the day to start. There may be a school or teacher that you've been considering. By doing this, you could open doors to new knowledge, meet new friends who share your interests, and steer your life in a fascinating new direction. Pick up the phone and take the first step.
 The health of a friend or family member who lives far away may be a bit worrying today, Pisces. A lack of contact with this person doesn't help matters. You're usually the type to phone at the drop of a hat, but today you're less inclined to do this. You shouldn't make yourself crazy. If there's someone else you can ask, do so. Otherwise, take the initiative and call.
 Today is a great day for you. You should enjoy a great deal of playful conversation, Pisces. Fantasy is likely to play a big role in events, and you may daydream as you walk down the street. Don't bother with reality if you don't have to. You're much better off keeping the tone light and playful. Enjoy your fantasy world and feel free to invite others into it.
 Some great news could change your life forever. It might involve a new partnership of some kind or opportunities in your community. At the least, Pisces, it could involve changes in your outlook and attitudes about life. You could spend a lot of time on the phone with friends and acquaintances. You will probably want to schedule a romantic evening with your partner.
 Memories of past events that caused traumas that you're still dealing with could come to light today. This is a positive development, as the release of these old emotions could make it possible for you to progress more quickly on material and spiritual planes. You may feel lighter, and you could experience a rush of joy. In the evening, go dancing and work off some of this energy.
 So many ideas are flooding your mind today that you might have trouble sorting them out if you don't write them down, Pisces. They could involve travel, education, group activities, writing, and publishing. You might want to discuss them with friends or members of a group to which you belong. Your mind is in the clouds, so practical matters could seem tedious.
 Intellectual and spiritual discussions should bring you even closer to people dear to you, Pisces. Relations with a romantic partner should be especially warm and intimate today. You're in a philosophical frame of mind, so you might want to attend a lecture. Expect new insights to come your way. Books, magazine articles, and websites could also prove enlightening.
 Intuition plays a large part in your work, Pisces. You're apt to sense what others want or need and foresee the consequences of one course of action over another. This is definitely going to make a positive difference in what you accomplish. You're likely to be quite pleased with what you do. Exercise this intuition today so it will stay with you in the future.
 Artistic or spiritual inspiration could come your way today, Pisces, although it might be muddled and you could be perplexed about how to deal with it. Don't try to force the issue. Write down your ideas and return to them later. Someone close might feel unwell, and you may want to spend some time with him or her. This might take some effort, but it won't go unappreciated.
 This should be a stimulating day, Pisces. The possibility of a journey might arise unexpectedly. This could be exciting as some close friends or a romantic partner might accompany you. A new turn in your intellectual or spiritual interests could have your mind going a thousand miles an hour. You will want to learn more about it. The Internet could have useful information. Make the most of it.
 You might feel on edge today but not know why. You may jump at unexpected noises or think you see or hear things that aren't there. You aren't going crazy. This is caused by the current planetary configuration. The best way to relieve the jumpiness is to get some exercise 
 You're a logical person, Pisces. When insights come to you through ESP, you tend to doubt their validity. Don't do this. If a feeling is particularly strong, go with it. Don't write it off because it seems illogical. Life isn't always predictable. If you give yourself permission, you can trust your intuition about nearly anything.
 New scientific or archaeological discoveries could temporarily shake your faith in your spiritual path, Pisces. You may suddenly doubt something you've always accepted. This could propel you to study, primarily to reaffirm your faith. You're likely to find that your discoveries don't invalidate your ideas, but actually confirm them. Write down your ideas so you can put things in proper perspective.
 Today you might have insights as to how to advance your career. These could come your way through dreams, sudden revelations, or perhaps visions. Don't hesitate to put them into action simply because of the unorthodox way they come to you, Pisces. Some of the most progressive and successful ideas have come because the inventor had a vivid dream. Write down your insights and go for it.
 Spiritual concerns and fanciful daydreams move into sharp focus today, Pisces. Perhaps you're pulled by playful emotions and escapism. Keep one foot on the ground while you send your mind into the clouds, but definitely take time to check the air up there and report your findings to your conscious self. You may feel a greater sensitivity toward others now while your intuition is strong.
 You feel especially sexy right now. A powerful feeling of love and a need to physically express it could be with you all day. If you're involved, you want to spend a romantic evening with your lover. If you aren't, you could channel the energy into creative activities. Romantic novels and movies are poor substitutes for the real thing, Pisces, but if they're all that's available, go for it.
 The early part of the day might find you sluggish and indecisive, Pisces, but later you should be psyched up and ready to go. Today marks the beginning of a new period in which you should set your ideas in motion. Action is the key. Think before you speak and use caution when talking about other people. Make sure your discussions about others don't turn into gossip.
 Try to stay disciplined and focused today, Pisces. This may be easier said than done, but it's crucial for preserving your sanity. There's a restrictive, weighty air to the day that may put a damper on your jovial nature. Instead of getting down on yourself, use this energy to your advantage and make order out of the chaos in your life. Eat a healthy meal and share your thoughts with others.
 The heaviness of the day weighs on you, Pisces. Take your time with projects and carefully evaluate all the facts before making a decision. People can be deceptive, so be careful in all your dealings. You may be going through a period in which you care less about material possessions and concern yourself with spiritual things. This is a great time to delve into the occult.
 Your heart is going pitter
 This is a terrific day for you, Pisces. You should find that the puzzle pieces naturally come together almost effortlessly. Important connections can be made today as long as you keep all the lines of communication open. Information exchange is a key part of bringing people and ideas together in a constructive manner. A burst of inspiration can lead to a rewarding journey through time and space.
 You may feel a great deal of nervous energy today, Pisces. Tension could come to you from all angles. Indecisiveness might be your biggest problem. You may be in a frenzy trying to figure out where to move next. The key is to slow down and relax. Don't make a move without evaluating things. Be careful about acting too hastily, especially when it comes to matters of the heart.
 What ails you now can be eliminated if you're willing to stand up and say exactly what needs to be said, Pisces. Going with the flow may be an easy route to follow, but it might not always take you down a path that leads to the fulfillment of your dreams. Be a bit more aggressive about your position today and outwardly project yourself as the true master of your destiny.
 Today is an inspirational day for you, fast
 Are you going to be available to other people today? Someone in your entourage may need to confide in you. If the superficiality of the exchange bothers you, you will understand what the atmosphere of today is all about! Yes, you're available, but not for just anything. You're in no mood to waste time at the moment.
 Pisces, your lighthearted attitude has given you a reputation as an eternal teenager. But levity is also a sign of a very wise person, a person who knows how to laugh at their wisdom. Whether you realize it or not, you can get involved in a serious relationship without losing your lightheartedness. If you're already in a committed relationship, you know how true this is.
 Slow down a bit today and do some planning. There's a steady, grounded mood that will help bring your thoughts and actions down to Earth. The wind may not be filling your sails as much as you'd like, but you can use this to your advantage. The underlying reservation in people's attitudes and opinions will aid you quite a bit. Eliminate the fluff and concentrate on what's real.
 There's a very heavy atmosphere around you that might feel stifling, Pisces. Situations are cropping up that urge you to think practically with regard to your emotions. You will find that things go much more smoothly if you slow down and think about a situation before you proceed. Make sure you consider all the choices and what their effects will be on other people.
 Pisces, you're bound to enjoy this day! It's full of possibilities and opportunities. It may begin routinely, but keep your eyes and ears open for hints of change. Your new adventure may come about in a mundane way. You might meet someone in line at the store who becomes a business partner. Or maybe you will meet a romantic interest at the ATM. Adventure is all around. Trust that you will find it!
 You're on top of the world today, Pisces. Enjoy the view! You're unstoppable. Friends and family alike revel in your good mood. You're materially and spiritually generous, and by day's end people could be lined up to partake of the bounty. Try to curb your enthusiasm and use some discretion. It would be better to give more to a worthy few than give less to many.
 You may feel a bit confused today. It might seem as if the wind has suddenly been taken out of your sails. Don't get discouraged by the slow weightiness of the day. Take the opportunity to relax and recharge your batteries. Do a bit of inward reflection as opposed to outer
 You might second
 The atmosphere may seem a bit oppressive today, Pisces. You like to be free to do what you want to do, and it may bother you that the people around you don't make themselves available to you. They seem preoccupied by their own business. This could bring out some old wounds that haven't completely healed.
 You're highly sensitive and highly intellectual, Pisces. This is a wonderful combination and part of what makes you a superstar. Today's planetary positions challenge you to think how you can best combine these two key components of your personality. Have you considered writing? It might provide the sort of balance you seek. Start writing and see if it suits you.
 Pisces, you may have been a little difficult to be around lately. You like to treat yourself to a little moodiness from time to time, but the people around you might appreciate a little cooperation. There are days when you don't want to grow up, when it's time to play. Do you get enough time to play? Think about it.
 Act with courage today, Pisces. Dress as if you were going to meet an important statesman. See yourself in the mirror and be proud to say you look good. Take action with confidence and feel free to strut your stuff. Be up
 You may have a hard time getting started today, Pisces. This might be a better time to plan. Be realistic and thoughtful in your actions. Be conscious of the steps you need to take to reach a certain goal. When in doubt, take the more conservative route. You will find that there is a great deal of support for that path. Don't get distracted along the way. Stay on target.
 You should be on cloud nine today, Pisces. As evening sets in, however, things might get a little too heavy for your comfort. People will have had enough of your gossip by then, so give it a rest. Kick back and plan for the next few days. You might also want to take a more serious approach to your romantic commitments by confirming your feelings about your partner now.
 Express yourself to the fullest today, Pisces. Feel free to take an unconventional approach when it comes to dealing with your emotions. Try not to let others cajole you into thinking you need to fit into an artificial construct of what you need to be and what you need to think. All you need to do is think for yourself. Fight the established norms and be your own person.
 The prevailing tone today is a mix of conflicting energies that might put some stress on your heart. It's nothing you can't handle, Pisces. In fact, if anyone can make the most out of today, you can. Tap into your aggressiveness and act boldly toward the object of your desire. Make sure there is harmony among those around you and everyone's needs are taken care of.
 Use gadgets and electronic devices to make life easier today, Pisces. Why take the time to chop food by hand when you can use the food processor? Realize that there is most likely an easier way to tackle any task. If something seems too hard, ask for advice how to do the job more quickly and efficiently. Information exchange will play a big role in your day.
 Your heart and emotions are on the same page, Pisces, but they may not be on the page you want them to be. It could be that you're reminiscing about an event from the past. What was once a happy set of encounters now leaves you feeling like there are thorns in your side. Focus on the present and let the past become history.
 Unforeseen problems with travel could come up today, Pisces. There could be changes or delays in airline schedules, car breakdowns, or bad traffic. It might be a good idea to avoid travel of any sort if you can. It might stress you so much it would take you all day to calm down! This is a great day to stay in and read, especially about scientific or metaphysical subjects.
 A journey by air to a distant place might be on your mind, though you might not make it for a long time. Knowledge is important to you, and you can be insatiably curious. This is likely to be one of those days, Pisces. A friend or lover could bring some new information that sparks your curiosity, perhaps something related to astrology or the occult. You will want to pursue it.
 If you've been thinking about executing legal papers of any kind, Pisces, this isn't the day to do it. Any contract entered into today is likely to have confusing clauses and obscure language that you may not understand and that potentially could be used against you. This also isn't the day to start or even plan a journey of any kind. However, it's a great day for reading or meditation.
 Something's gotten into you today, Pisces. An iconoclastic imp inside you is determined to tear down every convention, especially in the art world. Why are you so furious with orthodoxy? Did you dream that an imitator stole one of your ideas and made a fortune with it? If you were an art critic, we would expect you to sing the praises of the vanguard.
 Do other countries represent real openings for you? This is a question that you will soon have to answer. This may be true, but it may also be an illusion that gives you a simplistic explanation for the dissatisfaction you feel now in your professional life. Think about it, because some important decisions you're about to make depend on it. You aren't the only one to consider, either.
 This is one of those days in which it's easier to be yourself, Pisces. Don't feel like you need to change your personality to fit a situation. You naturally add an important dynamic to the group. Your detached, unbiased, and knowledgeable view of the situation will be an important asset to today's events. People would do well to listen to you, so be bold when expressing yourself.
 You might find your emotions a bit dampened today, Pisces, but this may not be a bad thing. Try not to blow things out of proportion so much. Don't feel that you need to turn every small story into a major headline. There's no need to exaggerate the truth just to get more attention. Take a more reserved approach to your actions and reactions to all situations.
 The expansive feeling you might be experiencing is apt to be squelched today as you get the feeling that you've lost touch with reality. Make sure you connect with real life, Pisces, and do a bit of planning to balance your whimsical nature. Things that you haven't accounted for might crop up and hit you, serving as a reminder that you need to deal with the here and now.
 Things regarding love and romance may be climactic for you now, Pisces, and you may bump heads with someone in a way that makes it difficult for either one of you to be content. More than likely there's an issue of freedom versus control that's making it difficult to find a resolution. Perhaps you need to give a certain issue a break and come back to it later.
 Today your biorhythms may be a little low, Pisces, so you aren't likely to be feeling very sociable. You're more likely to want to bury your nose in your projects instead of being your usual outgoing self. This is OK, but take care that you aren't so reclusive that you miss receiving some sincere compliments. That can make a big difference in the way you feel!
 Today more than ever you will yearn to escape from the daily routine. You're thirsty for new sights and sounds, new faces and places. However, you're well aware that you must juggle your desires with your professional or domestic obligations. It isn't always easy, but you should trust your imagination to suggest a way to amicably settle this conflict.
 Today is a good day for you to follow through, Pisces. Normally you're much better at tagging along or simply going with the flow of the situation. This way of doing things has proven quite effective for you in the past. Indeed, it has gotten you far. What you have now is a different situation. The things you've started will do you no good until you complete them.
 Things are going to get better and better for you as the day progresses, Pisces. Try to get your grounded, practical, and logical self collected during the day so you have the evening to socialize and commune with close friends. Balance is going to be a key issue for you today, so make sure you keep things in check before any one part of your life gets out of hand.
 Expect to be in a provocative mood today, Pisces. For the past few days you may have been searching for an outlet for the overflowing energy you're so lucky to have. You will have an opportunity today, as innovative projects are likely to come your way. If you face your demons, you will find a unique opportunity to rid yourself of the fears you've been carrying around for so long.
 There's no point in trying to make sense of today, Pisces. Much of what happens occurs on an unconscious level and defies any rational explanation. You may have had a dream last night worthy of professional interpretation. If you can bear turning off your intellect, this could be a very profitable day for you.
 You'll want to jump into action today, Pisces. Feel free to order others around for a change and delegate. An aggressive approach is exactly what's called for, and you have the ability to deliver the goods. Trying to do everything yourself may seem like a great idea at first, but you're better off enlisting help so others can feel involved and you can concentrate on doing a better job on fewer tasks.
 Worries about relatives or friends could plague you throughout the day, Pisces. Perhaps you aren't sure what's wrong and so you feel helpless. Whatever vague worries you may have, don't try to figure out the truth without knowing the facts. You could make mountains out of molehills. This isn't a good day to run errands. Delays and obstacles could cause a lot of frustration and wasted time.
 Things may happen right under your nose today, Pisces, and you may not even be aware of it. The thing that will be obvious is your reaction to the situation when this hidden event suddenly comes to light. A passionate explosion is likely, due to people's heightened emotional state. Try to work with this energy instead of against it.
 Are you feeling somewhat annoyed today? This is hardly surprising since the day inspires you to take a long, hard look at what's happening with your life. It's as though you suddenly realize that decisions you make may have impacts that reach far and wide. But don't let that stop you from committing yourself to a course of action, Pisces. Be adventurous!
 The possibility of taking a trip by air could present itself today. The trip might be made with friends or a group. If you've been working on projects connected with education or publishing, this is the day to move them forward. Books, TV, and the Internet could bring interesting, valuable information your way. This promises to be a busy, stimulating day.
 Some people say that you miss out on life because of your tendency to observe your life rather than experience life directly. If that's the case, then today will be a real departure for you. You will suddenly seem more in contact with your sentiments and be more present and connected to those around you. It feels good for a change, doesn't it?
 People are going to think you're a star today, Pisces! Although you may not feel that way about yourself. What's gotten into you lately? Have you lost confidence in yourself? Are you now compensating for it? Do you feel a need for more success in your life? All this is possible, but you will have to take some risks if you're going to progress.
 Perhaps you should suspend your inhibitions for the day, Pisces, and let your dreams guide you. For instance, you might imagine that the need to make any choices has vanished. Or you might grant yourself a vacation from daily chores. It would certainly be a relief. Who knows? You might conjure up some reality from the stuff of your dreams.
 Your brain is buzzing in high gear, Pisces. Anyone else would get dizzy trying to process even a fraction of the things that filter through your head in one day. The key for you is to not speak every single thought aloud but to keep your processing internal. People want to hear your final decision, not the process you went through to reach it. You will save everyone a lot of time if you do.
 A little romantic time with your special someone may be in order today, Pisces. With the day
 Expect a boost in popularity today, Pisces. One way to put this to good use is to bring about change. Perhaps you and your co
 Today you might toy with the idea of publishing, exhibiting, or otherwise making public whatever creative innovations you've been working on, Pisces. Spiritual information could come your way from afar, perhaps through friends or a group with which you're affiliated. Inspiration of all kinds could pop in and out of your head, so it might be best to write down your thoughts.
 Some fascinating conversations with friends, relatives, and others close to you could take place today, bringing new ideas your way, Pisces. You have both the physical energy and the inner power to make things happen, so you should make the most of it. Carefully consider your needs and aspirations and formulate a plan of action to make them a reality. The results might surprise you!
 You have a very dynamic day ahead of you, Pisces. You may feel the need to put all your energy into a group project. You will want to roll up your sleeves and get to work. You're usually a meditative, pensive person, but today you're looking for concrete results and actions. Who knows? This hard work might even help you relax a little.
 Your sensitive, sensual side is being drawn out, Pisces. You may feel like your romantic side is on display. You're like a dancer onstage, and you accept this role with pleasure! There's a great combination of energies at work letting you become more realistic about love and approach it with dramatic flair and courage. Be more expressive when it comes to your needs and desires.
 The last few weeks have been a little too serious for your tastes, but this is good for you every once in a while, Pisces. You may have a tendency to want to play, which sometimes keeps you from getting your work done. Take today to try and get your daily life organized so you can have time to take care of your responsibilities and have a little fun.
 Do you feel as though your self
 You will have to expect a few disturbances in the harmony that has reigned over the past few days, Pisces. For example, your needs may not match those of your mate or close friends, or you may feel restless. Minor worries about the future may intrude on people's good moods. In short, this won't be a good day to look to emotional harmony as a source of satisfaction.
 The mood may be oppressive today, Pisces. After meeting the challenges of the past several days, you're now in need of some well
 Your ego may be under some stress today, Pisces. The tricky part is that the threat you feel is probably a result of something that isn't even completely real. It could be that someone is acting on false information that has no bearing on the reality of the situation. You might be swept away by someone else's false impression of who you really are.
 It looks as though you're about to hop on the bandwagon, Pisces. Friends will try to get you to support one of their causes. Think carefully. They aren't going to settle for a check. They want your hands
 For you, Pisces, the changing planetary configuration portends a period of timidity. You will probably go out less, introduce yourself to fewer new people, and be less prone to show off. But any relationships you form will be much more intense than usual. The weeks ahead are quite promising, although you may have to readjust some of your attitudes.
 It's very possible that you will want to take a step back today in order to take a closer look at your relationships. Your address book is full of names. Your phone rings off the hook. You receive tons of texts and emails every day. Yet isn't it funny that you feel alone? It's time to get rid of the superficial relationships and concentrate on those that really mean something to you.
 Gossip and bad feelings among co
 At the end of the day, you're the one who has to look in the mirror and know who you are, Pisces. Think about this the next time you're tempted to make a rude comment or spread a displeasing fact about someone else. One side of you may be able to rationalize behavior that the other side simply despises. Today look at both of sides of yourself, not just the one that please you.
 There's a terrific expansive feeling to the day, Pisces, which you will appreciate more than anyone. For other people, this energy might expand into a headache. For you, it's apt to expand your feeling of success. It also might expand your stomach, so be careful that you don't overindulge. Other than that, don't hold back on your activities. Whatever you do will be very productive.
 Emotions may cloud your thoughts as things start to heat up in a heavy way, Pisces. In an effort to keep things light and energetic, you may be missing the core of the situation. Don't glance too quickly over all the issues. The answer to the riddle is right there in front of you. Stop for a minute to catch your breath and you will find the solutions that you seek.
 Decisions regarding investments, savings, or other financial matters might need attention today, Pisces. Don't panic. You're in the right frame of mind for this. Your business sense is at an all
 Emotions stemming from past experiences might cause you to assume undue responsibilities, particularly concerning family members. This is fine as long as you realize what you're doing is as much for you as for the other person. Whatever tasks you assume may allow you to release old traumas and give form to your plans and ambitions. And don't be surprised if those you help today go to bat for you later.
 Past impressions that you may not even know you have could enhance your ability to deal with practical matters today, Pisces. You might need to handle some paperwork regarding a settlement of some kind. The thoughts and feelings of those closest to you are more apparent than usual. You may tailor your behavior toward them accordingly. Spend a quiet evening with your loved ones. You won't even need to talk.
 Upsetting news that you receive from far away, perhaps by phone or email, could send you into an emotional tailspin. There's an aura of uncertainty about what you hear 
 If you've been planning a long trip by air, Pisces, today you might doubt whether you should continue with your plans. Money might be the issue. Be aware that your fears may run away with you. The situation may be more secure than it appears. You might want to attend a class or lecture, perhaps on computer science or some other technology. As with the vacation plans, try to view this objectively.
 A sudden and unexpected opportunity to take a journey by air could come your way today, Pisces. This might be something you've wanted for a long time finally manifesting. Certainly adventure is in the air, although it might be mental adventure as much as physical. Some information could come your way that catapults you into a new and exciting field of interest. This promises to be a thoroughly stimulating day.
 A career goal you've been hoping to reach may seem uncertain now, Pisces. You could be wondering if your work has gone for naught. Don't think this way. There's a lot going on behind the scenes that you aren't aware of yet. When you hear about these developments, you will know that you're still in the running. Don't waste your whole day thinking about work. Try to relax. Tomorrow it may all come together.
 Although your financial situation appears to be on the upswing, you still might be feeling pessimistic and indifferent about money and life in general. You might want to soothe your discontent by overspending, overindulging in food or drink, or both. Don't let this feeling get the better of you, Pisces. Get together with some friends and have a good time. Treat yourself to a little something without going over the top!
 This is a terrific day for you, Pisces, and you will glow brightly from head to toe as you radiate your true inner self to the world. You will find profound joy in the simplest, most ordinary circumstances. If you run out of things to say, feel free to whistle a tune. This isn't likely to happen today, since you will overflow with things to talk about.
 By being around negative and flip people, you might inadvertently pick up these habits. Be careful about your associates, Pisces, because you will find that others judge you according to the company you keep, especially if you start talking like them. Make sure to maintain a respectful attitude and proper manners no matter who your company is.
 Discipline and a solid plan are your friends today, Pisces. Slow your approach and consider the consequences of your actions. This is the time to concentrate on what you need to get done and devise a plan to make it happen. There is restlessness in the air that might cause you to act hastily. Don't forget the old saying that says haste makes waste. This is an important lesson.
 Your unique ability to communicate with many different groups and personalities will be extremely important today to maintaining a bridge between warring camps, Pisces. Keep things moving and try not to let the situation stagnate on any one issue. If the conversation turns to raging and ranting, it's in your best interests to stop it right away. Don't be afraid to step up and take a leadership role.
 Be careful about being manipulated by another person today, Pisces. It's possible that someone is putting words in your mouth in order to get you to act a certain way. Don't fall into this trap. Be your own person and think for yourself. Your mind is susceptible and vulnerable now. Use your eyes and ears as a filter and don't let people unload their garbage on you.
 This is a terrific day for you, Pisces, and you will find that the fast pace of the day suits you well for what you need to get done. There's a general feeling of grandeur in the air that reminds you to take your time when getting dressed. Feel free to go all out today. Put on a lavish display wherever you go.
 Good news about money could create some excitement in your household today, Pisces. One of your goals might be to invest some of the funds in fixing up your living situation. You might even consider moving or purchasing a new home. You may kick around a lot of ideas about how to spend the windfall, but don't go too crazy. Hold on to some of that money as a nest egg.
 Today, more than ever, you will yearn to escape the daily routine, Pisces. You thirst for new sights and sounds, new faces and new places, but you know you must juggle your desires with professional and domestic obligations. It isn't always easy. Trust your imagination to find a way to settle this conflict.
 You probably think of yourself as a curious intellectual, Pisces, but a recent expansion in career and finance has brought out talents for business and money that you didn't know you had. This has been a time not only of success and good fortune but also of learning more about yourself. Don't fall back on old fears or underestimate yourself. You're capable of accomplishing more than you know.
 Someone you care about but haven't seen for a long time could suddenly contact you. You'd usually love this, Pisces, but today you could be too caught up in projects of your own to want to put them aside. But you will have a lot of fun with this person, and you might even interest him or her in your project. After finishing your work, go out to dinner.
 Your mind is usually quick, agile, and hungry for information, Pisces. Today it's likely to be even more so than usual. Your curiosity is high and you could go to unusual lengths to satisfy it. You might also feel particularly energetic and want to go for a workout. This is a good idea. Exercise can clear your head and give you a better perspective on new ideas and information.
 An unexpected and perhaps not altogether welcome call could come your way today, Pisces. It could come from someone you don't particularly care for or someone who has some disconcerting news to report. Whichever it is, you will probably just have to deal with it. However you may feel about the caller or what he or she has to report, you will probably consider it important to have the conversation.
 Be careful about being too boisterous and chipper around people who don't exactly feel the same way, Pisces. Be sensitive to other people's feelings, and don't make jokes that are too harsh for the occasion. No one appreciates a wise guy. There's a somber mood to the day that's likely to form a dark cloud by late afternoon. Do your best to be the ray of sunshine and not the bolt of lightning.
 Feel free to go shopping for yourself, Pisces. While you're at it, you might as well pick up some things for others, too. You're apt to be in tune with the pleasant spirit of the people around you. On the other hand, if they're being especially negative or cranky, don't hesitate to just go elsewhere. Unfortunately, that may be easier said than done.
 Consider taking a more conservative approach to your actions today, Pisces, as well as to the way you dress. Others may be rather put off by something that comes across as too flashy. Fashion is apt to be a significant concern for you now, which is fine. Don't underestimate the power of personal appearance.
 Your fantasies could come true now, especially when it comes to relationships, Pisces. This could be the moment you've always dreamed about, so get ready. The attractive, romantic person in the corner has been keeping an eye on you all night. Your blood is pumping faster than ever. Remind yourself that all dreams can come true on a day such as today.
 A co
 The amazing thing about your nature is that, like a good politician, you have just the right tone of voice and catch phrase for every situation. You can put on your smile and charm and talk your way out of just about any pickle you get into. Embrace this incredible gift, but make sure that your overall goals are noble as opposed to self
 There may be a great tension between you and someone older today, Pisces. Perhaps there's someone who's adopting a sort of "parent knows best" personality that's starting to annoy you. Take a breather. Realize that this person isn't being critical or judgmental but just giving you advice. You should open your eyes and understand that this advice could be very useful.
 One quick phone call to a friend may turn into a long discussion about the meaning of life, Pisces. Be conscious of the fact that there's a great deal of momentum building in your mind now. Once the dam breaks, you may soon have a giant flood on your hands. Be careful about releasing all this energy at once, even though you may not seem to have a choice.
 Are you involved in a creative project that involves modern technology, Pisces? If so, progress could be made by leaps and bounds, starting today. A lucky break might set you off in a new direction that adds depth and dimension to your work. Relations with colleagues should be warm, congenial, and supportive. There is a sense of unity that pervades the group and adds to the energy and enthusiasm. You will love the results of your efforts.
 Don't be surprised to see your co
 You've been so busy socializing these past few weeks that you may have inadvertently neglected the special person in your life, Pisces. It's been fun to be out and about together, attending parties and having people over for dinner, but that has left little time for closeness and snuggling. Try to rectify that today. In fact, a midafternoon nap might be called for. Why not invite your honey to join you?
 Generally you're a very sociable person, Pisces, and today you aren't likely to slow down. Invitations to parties, from intimate coffee klatches to big neighborhood bashes, continue to come in. There may be too many to handle, so you might have to turn some of them down. That goes against your nature! You don't want to miss anything. Pick the most important to you and leave the rest.
 Today you may feel a passionate attraction for someone   intelligent who perhaps makes a living in law, education, or publishing, Pisces. Conversations with this person could touch on some deep issues, such as spiritual matters, the human psyche, or the nature of the universe. You should be deeply affected, not only by the person but also by the subjects. Take a walk later to clear your head.
 An unexpected opportunity to go on a long journey, perhaps business
 You may be ready for some major career changes, Pisces. You could be fed up with the stress and long hours of the corporate environment. Surely in this age of technology there's a way to spend more time at home without sacrificing the quality of your work. Think about it for a few days. If you propose a feasible alternative to your boss, the positive response may surprise you.
 Have you been going crazy with all the demands placed on you? Don't despair. Reflect on all that's been going on. Think about where you want to make changes. Once you've come to a decision, don't hesitate to implement it. This is easier than waiting for one big opportunity and doing it all at once. That chance may never come. The step
 Inspiration for writing, music, drawing, painting, or other creative activities could hover just out of reach today, Pisces. Great ideas could pop into your head and out just as quickly. The only way to avoid the frustration of missing out on wonderful ideas is to write them down as soon as they come. Making notes can also stimulate further inspiration. Go for it!
 Don't be surprised if money comes from an unlikely source. It could be a surprisingly good return on an investment or a bequest from a relative. Pay attention to any dreams that seem to repeat. They may hold a lesson about understanding your life path. You may receive an unexpected visit from a dear friend you haven't heard from in years. All in all, this is a great time.
 If you've been having trouble reaching a romantic partner, Pisces, it might be a good idea to stop trying. Your friend is having a rough day and might not make the best company. In fact, your beloved could view a call from you as an unwelcome interruption and be short, if not downright rude. If you speak with your friend, keep it brief and plan to get together 
 A passionate encounter with a love partner might cement the bond between you so thoroughly that you start talking about commitment or even a wedding. A romantic haze may permeate your interactions. Still, exercise some restraint in expressing your feelings. Hitting your friend with too much at once could have the opposite effect from the one you're hoping for. Be patient!
 Initiate a major change in your life, Pisces. Break free of the humdrum and launch into something exciting. Take part in a class that expands your mind. Consider yoga, tarot, or any form of martial arts. You have a tremendous amount of energy today. It will help you maintain confidence and endurance as you do the groundwork to put this new life
 Are you presently negotiating a contract, Pisces? If you and the other party disagree on any points, these differences will most likely be resolved. You'll probably come up with an idea that creates a win/win situation so both of you feel good about it. This will strengthen your relationship considerably, so expect partnership matters to progress smoothly. Enjoy your day.
 You might find yourself reeling from shock when an old friend suddenly seems to show romantic interest in you. Conflicting emotions could come up, but don't write it off if you're available. There could be potential for a good relationship with this person. Don't feel that you have to either jump right in or forget the whole thing. You can test the waters for a while!
 A get
 Does it feel like someone's raining on your parade today, Pisces? No surprise there. You may feel like you're stuck in a bog, so wear your galoshes and give it your best shot. That's all you can do. People may be extra touchy and impatient with ridiculous banter, even if it is polite. Try not to make sense of things that seem confusing now. Come back to them in a couple days.
 Your fantasy world is piqued today, Pisces. Your imagination is running wild. Maintain a certain amount of control over your emotions or they may get the better of you. You could find yourself in a cloud of confusion by afternoon. Avoid this by making an effort to ground yourself throughout the day. Make sure your actions result from an equal balance between thought and emotion.
 You could encounter a potential romantic partner today, Pisces. You'll probably meet this person at a group event and hit it off immediately. This person is likely to be bright, physically attractive, kindhearted, and sensitive. If you're single and available, don't pass up this opportunity. Take advantage of the event to get to know each other. Who knows where this might lead?
 Stress and job frustration might have you thinking about breaking free, walking out the door, and getting on the first plane somewhere else. Another thought is likely to concern going back to school and training for a career in another field. You might need a vacation, and returning to school could be a great idea, but don't decide today. Wait a few days.
 Group activities that you attend today are likely to be spiritually oriented, such as group meditations. You could meet new friends from faraway places who share your interests. Though you're usually more intellectually inclined, today you should be feeling especially intuitive. Write down your thoughts and ideas lest you forget them. You may want to use them later.
