 You may have been exercising too enthusiastically over the past few days, Sagittarius, and today you might wake up with more than your share of muscle aches and pains. You should keep exercising, but tone it down. Forget jogging and aerobics. Go for a little yoga or tai chi, which will enhance fitness with minimal strain. If you can, soak in a warm tub later.
 You probably have a knack for listening to other people and noticing when they need help or a shoulder to cry on, Sagittarius. Today may be excellent for you to help another person out. Consider going the extra mile by lending a hand to those around you who are in need. Show your extraordinary caring ability and be a true friend. Make someone smile.
 Chatting with your loved ones may be more appealing to you today than any other day, Sagittarius. It may be important to curb this desire if there are many things that need your attention. If you're at home, don't spend all your time on the phone or loafing. Consider tending first to things that need to get done. Socializing will be far more enjoyable without guilty feelings about what you should be doing.
 Someone you're very fond of could be in a difficult mood today. Don't let your sensitivity get the better of you, Sagittarius. Don't take offense at what this person may say in frustration. Intuit what they're feeling and be your usual compassionate self. This could strengthen your relationship and make you feel good, too.
 Music can soothe the savage beast, Sagittarius. If you feel rather savage yourself, turn on some music. Dance and sing aloud. You'll be amazed at how this reduces stress and increases energy. Many find it therapeutic when times are tough and emotions run high. Try it for yourself. Expand your listening range to include many musical styles. You'll be glad you did!
 Your adaptive powers are useful in that they give you a high tolerance for uncomfortable situations, Sagittarius. At times, however, this trait may not serve you very effectively. You may end up staying in a difficult relationship or unsatisfying job because you fear something new. Life is short. If you want to improve your situation, take responsibility for it. Be proactive.
 Sagittarius, try not to be fooled by others. If you don't know a person well and you aren't sure about him or her, trust your instincts. You tend to care about others, so it can be easy for you to feel sorry for someone and bend over backward to help. Make sure that the person you help really deserves it and you know the whole story. This can save you problems down the road.
 Obsessive thinking may be something you need to look at today, Sagittarius. Common areas for such behaviors are in the pursuit of money, power, success, and romance. There's a fine line between determination and obsession. If you fixate on the same thing day after day, it may be time to talk with someone about it. An expert can help you see what you don't want to see.
 You may feel like it's your responsibility to take care of everyone, Sagittarius. If you love someone, your brain translates this into thinking that you need to be the caretaker. If you don't take someone under your wing, maybe you see yourself as selfish or unkind. Dismiss this notion. Other people's feelings aren't your responsibility. Don't let another's well
 The warm, loving feeling that you've been happily nurturing is calling for a bit of practicality in order to make your romantic life work out the way you want it to. Remember that less is more, Sagittarius. Having love and romance in your life doesn't necessarily mean that you have to be best friends with every person you meet. This is a good time to enjoy more quality time with fewer people.
 A group you're affiliated with could meet somewhere in your neighborhood, Sagittarius. Though you're usually more sensitive and intuitive than others, today you could be feeling especially so. Expect a lot of phone calls and visitors. Don't be surprised if you can read their minds! Artistic and creative interests could also be important to you now.
 You may wake up to a cloudy brain fog, Sagittarius. Emotionally, you may find it hard to make decisions about anything even though you're feeling called to do so. There are so many choices and you want them all. The good news is that you should feel much more clearheaded and stable by evening. Hang in there.
 A member of your household could be depressed over their job, Sagittarius. Something may have gone wrong that wasn't their fault. You might be called upon to distract this person and get him or her going again. You won't be alone in this. More than one visitor could drop by to bring good news and information, thereby improving the mood. You'll enjoy this, too!
 You may feel neglected and unloved today, Sagittarius. If you're single, you may feel worse. Cheer up. If you're running around with such a depressed and dramatic expression on your face, nobody will feel like asking you out. Try to make yourself happy by doing things you like to do. If you smile, you'll be a magnet for someone who has love to give.
 Emotions could be running high today, Sagittarius. Someone in your entourage may have a problem with an authority figure, and political issues could come up. You may feel powerful right now and tempted to throw your hat into the ring. However, it's best to stay out of anything political and channel that power and passion into your own project. That's far more likely to bring positive results.
 Your imagination is always fertile, but today it's especially productive, perhaps surprisingly so, Sagittarius. You could come up with ideas for all kinds of new projects. Friends could want to work with you, and they should have a lot to contribute. Make sure you write down some of your ideas so you can go back to them later. You won't be able to get everything done today!
 Money worries could have your nerves on edge, Sagittarius. It's better to focus on doing what you have to do to resolve your difficulties than it is to waste time fretting over them. Your business head is operating at a high level today. If you stay focused, you can accomplish wonders. Formulate a plan of action and put it to work.
 A friend or colleague may pay you back a small sum of money that's owed to you, Sagittarius. You'll be thrilled, but you might feel a little guilty that you plan to spend it on something frivolous instead of putting it toward your bills. This isn't worth the guilt. It isn't that much money, and you're entitled to a little frivolity now and then. Go for it!
 Sudden psychic insights that seem important could come your way today, Sagittarius, but you could be confused about their meaning. This might bother you today unless you write your thoughts down. Sometimes the process of recording your ideas can bring an insight's meaning to light. If this doesn't help, keep your notes until tomorrow. Things should become clearer then.
 Listen to the birds today, Sagittarius. They have a song for you, telling you to be happy. Take time to do things that make you feel good. Connect with creative people and projects that get your artistic juices flowing. Keep things light and uplifting. It may be hard to make a decision about anything right now, but don't let that keep you from being productive.
 Make a plan at the beginning of the day for what you want to accomplish by sundown, Sagittarius. This is a good time to tackle many of the nitpicky tasks that require your attention. Be conscious of the fact that there are time limits and restrictions on some of the things you're working on. Keep on task and try not to get distracted by other people.
 Have you ever thought about writing or working for a company in which you can use your excellent communication skills, Sagittarius? The planetary alignment emphasizes writing and communication. It's time to show the world that you have a gift and that people can count on you to do a great job. Think about the publishing business.
 You're sensitive, Sagittarius, and impressionable. You may not appreciate the intense atmosphere building, but it may be just what you need to get motivated. Yes, you're about to face a lot of pressure, but you can handle it. No more planning, no more delays, no more staring off into space. Buckle down and get your work done. You can fantasize during your free time.
 After a few days of moving in slow motion, today you will get back all of your energy, Sagittarius. Your instincts will be excellent and draw you to the people who can help you. It might be an excellent day to write any reports 
 If something doesn't make sense to you, Sagittarius, question it. Be strong and confident. Don't let others take advantage of your sensitive and nurturing personality. Your general tendency is to give more than you receive, but this may leave you feeling depleted. Put an end to this cycle. Be conscious of how you distribute your energy. Do something for yourself.
 Your adaptable nature will be put to the test today, Sagittarius. Try to go with the flow. Remember that you have a rudder with which to steer. You can float down the river freely, but don't think that this means you have to give up all control. You have the power of choice, so use it. Take an active role in events or you might as well stay in bed.
 You may go in many different directions today, Sagittarius, so try to stay focused. Spend some time by water, even if it's just your bathtub, and reconnect with your true self. The more you integrate your inner nature with your outer demeanor, the more you will attract the people and situations that can help you in your journey.
 The connection between your thoughts and words is strong today, and communication with others goes especially well, Sagittarius. If there's something important to be said, you won't hesitate to say it, unlike your usual tendency to refrain from speaking to the person who really needs to hear you the most. You're doing people a favor by letting them share your incredible wisdom.
 You may be forced to put your thoughts into neat little boxes that can be easily understood and processed, Sagittarius. Your ideas are abstract and don't always make reasonable sense. It's OK to have a bit of mystery about things that rational minds can't explain. Although you may feel like the goal is to arrange things in an orderly way, don't feel like you have to do it.
 Your emotions and fantasies are strongly tied today, Sagittarius. Let your feelings revel in a surreal state. Let your daydreams filter into your decisions. You might feel electricity in the air, so go with it. There's a great deal of creative energy available to you that's extremely potent. This energy has an activating effect that will help you get off the couch.
 You may think few people understand you, Sagittarius. Even if you try to explain your thought process and where you are emotionally, it still seems like others are more concerned with themselves. Only you can really understand how you feel. Be your own cheerleader. It isn't necessary for everyone to understand everything about you. An air of mystery is part of what makes you intriguing.
 You may find yourself bursting into tears for no apparent reason today, Sagittarius. Seek comfort in sitting by a body of water where you can let your emotions flow. Tension builds as the storm draws near. Once it has passed, however, there is calm as the sunshine pierces the clouds. This time of peace and serenity may seem far off, but it's closer than you think.
 Put some roots down today, Sagittarius. Concentrate on a creative project that you've had in your head for a while. It's time to follow through. Ideas are great, but implementation is the key to making them work. Consolidate your resources and take the time to make a plan. The more patient you are in plotting your actions today, the more successful you will be in seeing them through to completion.
 You're likely to feel a burst of energy encouraging you to engage with others in fun, creative projects, Sagittarius. Join a group of musicians and rock the night away. It's OK to spend a good part of the day up the clouds. This is where you operate best. There's no need to resist this tendency. If other people become frustrated by your otherworldly attitude, that's their problem and not yours.
 Issues regarding love and romance may be confusing today, Sagittarius. You should be aware that strong forces are at work to tangle the current situation. Try not to get too discouraged by whatever transpires as a result of this energy. Keep in mind that this, too, shall pass, and things will become clear again. Right now you should just sit back and take things with a grain of salt.
 You've been on a wild ride for several months, Sagittarius 
 Indecisiveness may plague you today, Sagittarius. Be careful that you don't avoid doing something simply because you don't know which way to go. To cure your restlessness, you should think about going on a short trip. Travel will most certainly help alleviate any worries about a certain situation. The answer you seek will come more easily.
 There are moments when everyone strongly feels where their destiny lies, Sagittarius, and today will be one of those moments. You may soon want to give your life a fundamentally different orientation that will be valid for several years. It isn't just your profession that will be affected but every domain in your life 
 Romantic passion might motivate you to improve your physical appearance, Sagittarius. You might decide to exercise, change your diet, and experiment with new clothes or haircut. You're likely to produce the results you want. With the vast amounts of energy and enthusiasm churning within you today, you might surprise yourself 
 Your sensitive heart may be touched by anger today, Sagittarius. Don't be afraid of hurting other people's feelings as you express this emotion. You'd be doing yourself and other people a disservice by not revealing the true scope of your emotions. The other parties involved may not have all the facts necessary to make the most educated decision. Aid this process by revealing your perspective.
 Sometimes your daydreaming leads you way out of your body and into a place well beyond time and space, Sagittarius. Your romantic nature wants to escape and never touch back down to the real world. Take a giant step toward that which tickles your fancy. Take the loftier approach and encourage others to share your dreams instead of letting them weigh you down.
 Indecision may leave you helpless at a crossroads today, Sagittarius. Others may be just as undecided regarding which way to go. At the same time, you may feel pressured to take immediate action, and you're tired of waiting for others to make the first move. Find the answers in simple solutions. There's more than one correct way. Your choice is always the right one if you believe it to be so.
 Today you may develop a deeper understanding of what's really important to you, Sagittarius. You may be surprised by what you discover. The material means far less to you than the spiritual. It may have taken you a while to learn this, but now there's no going back. Your possessions feel like dead weight. The mere thought of your family and friends fills your heart with love and light.
 Bask in today's warm, loving energy, Sagittarius. Adopt an attitude of gratitude and look to see the beauty in everything around you. This is a day to appreciate what you have, especially the people who love you. Compliment others and let them know how much they mean to you. These words and deeds will have a ripple effect that will bring you a great deal of good fortune.
 Get your head out of the clouds, Sagittarius. Nitpicky details you failed to attend to earlier may now come back to haunt you. Don't postpone your work any further. The time to take care of the job is now. Balance your checkbook and do your laundry. Clean your bathtub and go shopping. The more you accomplish today, the better you will feel about yourself tomorrow.
 You might be unfocused and confused about which way to go, Sagittarius. Your baffled look isn't giving others much confidence in your ability to make a good decision. Don't feel obliged to stay in an unhealthy situation. It may be time to let go and break some ties to things that are no longer working for you. Feel good about extracting yourself from old habits.
 Speak up today, Sagittarius. Perhaps no one has heard your point of view in a while. More than likely, it's incredibly important for them to hear it. Just because people don't ask for your opinion doesn't mean that it isn't valid. You have incredible insight that others don't have. Don't assume that they know what you're thinking even though you probably know what they're thinking.
 Reach for the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow, Sagittarius. It's closer than you think. Indeed, your dreams are completely within your reach. There are forces at work today helping you to achieve your goals. You should be in a positive mood all day, and people will be very responsive to you. Let your fantasies lead the way.
 Stop trying to feel everyone else's emotions and focus on yours, Sagittarius. Being empathetic is certainly laudable, but at some point you need to face the music and look in the mirror. Make a clear distinction between your needs and those of others. Express your feelings. Ask for help if you need it. Other people aren't mind readers. They probably have no idea what you're feeling.
 Your emotions may be a bit erratic. It may be hard for you to focus on anything today, Sagittarius. Things continue to shift from one topic to the next with little resolution. Others aren't apt to be very sympathetic to your feelings, so don't expect it. You will only set yourself up for disappointment. It's a better day to focus on your head rather than your heart.
 Today is a great day to jump out of bed and get things done, Sagittarius. You may feel indecisive, but don't sweat it. You don't have to make any great commitments. You will do fine jumping around from task to task. Get out into the open and say what's on your mind. Engage in some sort of physical activity that gets you breathing deeply.
 Your artistic side wants to take to the airwaves in some way, Sagittarius. Perhaps you should consider building a website or becoming a commentator on a local radio show. Your dreams need a vehicle in order to reach their audience. Find the means. You have the ability to inspire a many people. Take this ability seriously and make use of your creative talents.
 You might be called upon to choose between two ways of handling a situation, Sagittarius. The old way suddenly conflicts with the new. Which way are you going to proceed? Don't be thrown off course by fast talk and neon lights just because they grab attention. On the other hand, don't assume that the way that has worked forever is still the best. Use your intuition to choose the best route for you.
 Get your head out of the clouds, Sagittarius, and come back to Earth for a nice visit. There are some things you need to take care of here. Mundane tasks and routine chores won't be painful after you set your mind on getting them done. You can accomplish a lot today. Just make sure you keep a level head and keep a firm handle on the reality of the situation.
 Your intuition and inspiration could enhance your artistic talents, Sagittarius. A powerful drive to express the stories, pictures, or music in your mind could result in your spending as much of the day as you can jotting down your thoughts and ideas. You might spend most of your free time alone as a result.
 Romance is coming your way as long as you stay levelheaded about the situation. Take care of the daily tasks and then let your heart soar. You have a strong connection to your emotions. Trust your instincts and let your heart take control. Be realistic about your relationships with others, but push the boundaries once they've been established.
 Someone close to you might seem more preoccupied than usual, Sagittarius, and perhaps a bit difficult to deal with. Don't take this personally. It has little, if anything, to do with you. This person has troubles of their own that they don't want to share. You might be feeling a bit tense and jumpy, but again, this is nothing to worry about. Take a walk or work out at the gym.
 Paperwork, perhaps contracts or other legal documents, might need attention so you can move ahead with your projects, Sagittarius. These projects could involve writing or speaking. Your mind is in just the right space to participate in anything involving communication, so doors of opportunity may open for you in this area. Lift your chin and get going. You will be glad you did.
 Today may prove to be one of your busiest in a long time, Sagittarius. The promise of continuing success in your personal and professional goals could find you spending a lot of time on the phone, writing emails, or making a few short trips around the community. You might not be able to reach everyone you need to see. Don't worry. Be persistent and you will reach them eventually.
 You may wake up feeling strong and energetic, but as the day wanes, stress could cause you to feel tired and worn out. Be careful, Sagittarius. You could become short
 Your intuition could bring you an interesting opportunity to increase your income in an unconventional way. Others may think the idea strange, Sagittarius, but for you it's definitely worth considering. Check all the pros and cons, talk to people in the know, and then give it some serious thought. Whether this is the source or not, an increased level of financial security is strongly indicated now.
 You could suddenly experience an overwhelming wave of affection for someone you've just met, Sagittarius, perhaps a potential romantic partner. Fantasies of the future could waft in and out of your mind. This should feel wonderful in one sense, yet it could also bring up all your doubts and insecurities. Does this person feel the same way? It's probably a bit premature to worry about that. Take it one day at a time and get to know your friend better.
 Some strange news concerning friends who live far away could come to you secondhand today, Sagittarius. Attempts to reach the people in question may prove fruitless, at least now. Withhold judgment about what you hear until you talk to your friends, as much of what is passed on to you is likely to be misinformation. Tomorrow you should have better luck reaching them.
 It's time to get down to work, Sagittarius. At the moment, you can't depend solely on your natural creativity, spontaneity, imagination, and originality to get by. You need to demonstrate a certain amount of pragmatism and self
 The more you vacillate, the more valuable time and energy you waste, Sagittarius. Take a decisive stance and be confident about your choice. Give it everything you've got. If it doesn't work out, try a different approach. Don't be paralyzed by indecision. Things are moving too quickly. Take control of your life or someone else will.
 Don't wait for someone else to take the lead today, Sagittarius. Take charge. Do what you know is right even though someone else might disagree with you. You know what's best for you and the situation at hand. Be just as strong and bold as anyone else. You have every right to state your opinion. Act on the things you believe in.
 Be bold and aggressive today, Sagittarius. Even if this isn't in your nature, dynamic action can be rewarding on a day like this. People will be delighted to hear from you. Your opinion is precious. You have many insights to offer the group. Your adaptable nature will be tested. You may need to make adjustments in order to match other people's way of thinking.
 When it comes to decisions, Sagittarius, do what's best for you today. Don't feel like you need to perform certain tasks just because of guilt over a past situation. Do things because you want to, not because you feel obligated to someone else. The only obligation you have is to you. If it's truly your desire to help someone out, then go for it, but don't sacrifice too much of yourself in the process.
 You may need to make some distinct mental adjustments in order to fit in with the energy of the day, Sagittarius. Try to tune into these energies and see what kind of balance they can bring to your life. Be more mindful of your words and don't say things you don't really mean. Be genuine in all your interactions.
 You might think you're the most intelligent person in the world. You hover over the notions that bind us. You're transformed into an artist who's able to have great ideas. Remember that geniuses always think big. Today you're one of them. Your ideas could help others.
 You're an emotional person, Sagittarius. You can easily be destabilized by something you read in the news or see on television. Why are you saddened or hurt by the problems of the world? If you've felt some violence surrounding you lately, you will be happy to know that you can heal your wounds today.
 Today will destabilize you, Sagittarius. You're trying to rebuild your life on new foundations. Perhaps should you try to change your point of view. Also, you need to preserve your perception, because it will allow you to adapt to all situations. You need to be fully alert and prepared at all times. Try not to become discouraged.
 Your general mood is at a peak today, although this mood is slightly off due to indecision on your part, Sagittarius. Don't let this get you down. If you find it hard to make a choice about something, the solution is simple. Put off making the choice until you feel more comfortable about it. If you must make a decision today, go with your instincts.
 Your mind is surprisingly clear today, Sagittarius, and your thinking fits in line with what your ego has set out to accomplish. The key for you is to let your emotions speak. Take charge and let yourself go after what you want. While you've spent the last couple days in contemplation, the next few days should be more action oriented.
 Don't wait for an invitation to speak your mind, Sagittarius. No one will ask what you think. Express yourself. You've given other people plenty of time to have their say. It's now time to chime in with your opinion. Don't be an observer. Be an active player and help shape the conversation and the events of the day with your powerful words and thoughts.
 You may be indecisive today, Sagittarius. You may not be able to find solutions you can live with. You don't need to finalize anything now. Use this day to lay low and gather data. People may seem rather insensitive and erratic. Go with the flow. You have a great deal of warmth and passion to share. You may find that a strong, unpredictable force is affecting your emotions.
 Don't be shy today, Sagittarius. Express how you feel. The more you share with others, the more they will be encouraged to share themselves with you. Today may be filled with a great many tender moments that are worth documenting in your journal tonight. Your thinking is clear and in line with your deepest and truest emotions. You're the star of the show.
 Today is an extremely creative day for you, Sagittarius. You should allot time and space to pursuing an artistic goal. You're like a magician who has the power to bring fantasies to life. Spread the magic to others and don't second
 The intense energy of the day is helping you streamline your projects and solidify your thoughts, Sagittarius. Work to manifest the ideas and dreams that constantly swirl in your head. Today is a great day to bring your mind into focus and get down to the nitty
 It may be extremely hard for you to make decisions about anything today, Sagittarius. Don't stress about work or the things you need to get done. With today's aspects, it's a day that shouldn't be filled with sour energy from the past. You experience a rebirth every time you wake up in the morning. Venture forth into new adventures!
 People may seem a bit stubborn today. Your powers of adaptation may be put to the test, Sagittarius. The people around you are likely to call on your tender, sympathetic nature. Offer a nurturing ear and strong shoulder for others to cry on. Keep things low key and steady. The more grounded you are, the easier it will be to get along with the energy of today.
 Unexpected things are on the way and it's best to be emotionally and physically prepared. You may be rather indecisive, but when you do act, your moves manifest in short, powerful bursts. Work to keep your dreams in motion. There are people out there who have the resources you need to be successful. Befriend them and share your goals.
 Feel free to take the lazy route today, Sagittarius. Don't lift a finger if you don't have to. It may be hard to get others moving, too. You can prod all you want, but if people don't want to go, they aren't going to go. Your flexible nature might be tested. You may find that you need to adapt to the whims of others rather than the other way around.
 Many people may have a great deal to say today, Sagittarius, but you could find that you'd rather sit and listen. Feel free to do so. A lot of what's going around is gossip, so you might not want to get involved at all. This is probably a wise move. Keep your nose clean and simply absorb what you hear. Feel free to filter out anything that doesn't sit right with you.
 Your energy may be a bit scattered, Sagittarius. Although your days are jam
 A quest is in store for you, Sagittarius. You're likely to engage in a search for physical or intellectual space. You may be asking yourself philosophical questions. Or perhaps you're thinking of taking a long trip. Which will it be? Will you read philosophy or go to China? At this point, only the stars know.
 Your emotions may be playing tricks on you, Sagittarius. You may find it hard to deal with reality. Take the day to relax and unwind. Don't worry about the details. Concentrate more on your general state of mind. Things will go smoothly when you focus on radiating positive energy to others. Don't worry so much about the consequences. Focus more on the process.
 Are you certain you can't modify your current situation, Sagittarius? Are you a prisoner of a lifestyle that isn't of your own making or is a throwback to the past? People have been asking you to take on too many responsibilities and this is weighing you down. Don't be afraid to distance yourself from these situations. Learn to say no.
 You may be at a high point right now and feeling very excited about things to come, Sagittarius. You probably anticipate but have only a vague notion of what's just over the horizon. You may have a strong desire to rise high so you can see farther. In fact, you probably think that any place is better than your current spot. Have confidence in your future. It looks extremely bright.
 If a problem comes your way today, Sagittarius, look for the simplest solution. Not every problem is complicated. Often the most obvious answer is the best one. Try to keep your emotions out of problems that require calculation and thought. They can obscure the view and keep you from seeing what's right in front of you. Draw strength from your common sense. Rule things out by process of elimination.
 You're the liquid that takes the shape of its container, Sagittarius. Even though this may seem like the most non
 Why do you find relationships difficult, Sagittarius? You know interactions with others help you learn and grow. This is the case for everyone. But for you, especially, relationships are important because they help keep you grounded. Too often you dream about reality rather than confront it. Today's aspects are going to insist that you make a greater effort with the people closest to you.
 Try not to be impatient today, Sagittarius. This could be one day in which you feel restless, and everything seems to take much longer than you'd like. Try your best to go with the flow. Don't get so wrapped up in making sure things happen by a certain time. Quality is more important than speed, and a peaceful mind is more efficient and productive than a stressed one.
 You may be hit with some extreme circumstances that cause you to feel uneasy about continuing along your path, Sagittarius. Use this jolt as a reminder that nothing is set in stone. An element of the unexpected can always creep up on you. Deep down, you probably had a feeling that this difficult situation was bound to happen eventually.
 How irritating to realize that those pesky problems from the past haven't been resolved, Sagittarius! Today you will have the strength and awareness to put these problems to rest simply by talking about them. Ironically, the reproaches made by your partner are what spark the change in attitude that you need.
 People are apt to be quite emotional when it comes to the image they wish to project today, Sagittarius. Be careful where you step. It's your job to see through the trendy makeup and fashion that hide the true personalities of the people who insist on wearing these masks. The key is to not be fooled by those who hide behind a facade built by society.
 Romantic passion might motivate you to work on improving your appearance, Sagittarius. You might decide to exercise, change your diet, and experiment with new clothing styles. You're likely to produce the results you want. With the energy and enthusiasm churning within you today, you might surprise yourself with this task or anything else you do.
 Your level of artistic inspiration is high today, Sagittarius. Dreams or meditation may bring up some spiritual insights and revelations, and you may promptly forget them upon coming out of your dream or meditative state. This could prove frustrating! Try writing them down even if you only remember snatches. This can help bring them to the surface again. You will want a record of them anyway.
 A new wind is blowing in your relationships, Sagittarius, and you probably won't be too sorry about it! The planets are lining up to signal new beginnings. You will be able to take advantage of your recent reflections and test your new self
 Are you hesitating, Sagittarius? Do you feel caught between the desire to participate fully in the world and the equally strong desire to remain in your dream world, even at the risk of feeling a little out of it? Who says that these two worlds are incompatible? If you look closely, you will see that you don't need to choose one or the other.
 You mustn't expect to do whatever you like today, Sagittarius. Quite the contrary! You may be restrained by technical limitations. Perhaps your financial resources will be insufficient. In other words, you won't be able to follow your usual pattern of taking refuge on a spiritual island and quietly contemplating your inner thoughts.
 Your intuition is likely to be operating at a very high level today, Sagittarius. This isn't a good day to be around sick or depressed people. You will probably pick up their gloom and it could possibly spoil your day. This is a good day to finish old projects that you may have postponed. Your insights and ingenuity are likelier than usual to give you the motivation you need.
 People seem fussy about your way of doing things today, Sagittarius. Try as you might, it seems there's no pleasing the authorities. You, one of the world's great escape artists, would be well advised to choose this opportunity to do a vanishing act. However, if the financial health of your home is at stake, it would be better to stay and face the music.
 The forecast is wonderful today, Sagittarius. You may have been asking yourself a thousand questions about what will become of you, especially in terms of your career. It's as though all your experience so far no longer make sense. The positive aspect of that observation will energize you today. Live for the moment, be in the present, and know that anything is possible in the future.
 Social events or group activities may prove draining today, as a lot of people might want to take advantage of your talents. Your kind, accommodating nature might cause you to try to make everyone happy, Sagittarius, but this isn't realistic. You might stress yourself to the point of not caring what gets done. Be discriminating about what you commit to doing.
 Get into the spotlight where you belong instead of letting someone else take credit for something you did, Sagittarius. Don't be shy about strutting your stuff. You may usually turn away from people who act this way because they seem shallow and self
 You may be in a difficult position, Sagittarius. You want to explode into a new way of life yet feel stuck. Perhaps you feel chained to your current routine. You may feel like you're indeed making progress in the world, but you long for a giant release 
 It will be hard to deal with emotional issues that arise. A strong misleading force is feeding the illusion that things are fine when they really aren't. Stop pretending that everything is going well, Sagittarius. The sooner you face the truth, the sooner it will stop plaguing you. Confront the deception directly.
 Strong intuition concerning ways to generate extra income might pop into your head all day. Some of them may seem off the wall, but don't let that stop you. Look into the possibilities. They might not be that outrageous. This is definitely a day to move your interests forward, Sagittarius. You have the energy and motivation to do wonders. Make the most of today!
 Today you might decide to put in some extra hours on the job or take on an extra project of some sort in order to bring in a little more money. Since you're feeling strong and energetic enough to move mountains, Sagittarius, you need to take care not to overexert yourself. Work hard and earn your money, but pace yourself. Try to get a little exercise before going to bed.
 This isn't a good day to go out, Sagittarius. Traffic is probably awful. Don't trust any gossip that comes your way! It's probably passed through at least half a dozen people and retains little, if any, of the facts. Someone might be passing along rumors for their own reasons, so believe nothing you hear without checking it out.
 You have a strange and wonderful day ahead, Sagittarius. Once you've finished your work, you may want to either draw or write something that will help you remember today for a long time. You're beginning to see the results of recent changes in you, and you're looking for a way to express them. It may be difficult to find just the right words. But aren't you a natural
 This is a day for doubts, for asking those hard questions that you need to answer. If you like to meditate, Sagittarius, think about spending a little more time at it today. You could learn a lot about yourself. You will see the whole palette of human emotion in other people, from joy to disappointment. Where do you fit in?
 You're definitely going to appreciate the harmony today, Sagittarius. After the confrontational mood of the past several days, it looks as though you will be able to rest a bit. If you feel somewhat weary, it's for good reason. Today provides a good opportunity to rid yourself of the burdens people are trying to make you carry.
 A moment will come when you can no longer fight against the current transformation you're going through in your professional life, Sagittarius. The system that you live in will soon put you at a kind of impasse, but this won't necessarily be unpleasant. However, you will be obliged to change paths whether you like it or not. You will probably want to!
 If you have children, their difficulties may remind you of your own, Sagittarius. Or their education brings back memories of your own. Have you held onto any issues from that period that still bother you today? This would be a good time to ask yourself that question. The answer could benefit your loved ones dramatically.
 Some news that comes to you from a friend or colleague could shake you up today, Sagittarius. You might find that what you learn casts doubts on concepts you've embraced for most of your life. This could confuse you. Don't feel threatened. Everyone has to recreate some values from time to time. Think about it when you're more relaxed and you might find it isn't so radical after all.
 You're naturally a kind, compassionate person, Sagittarius. Today your feelings are likely to be focused not only on those close to you but also on all the world's population. A feeling of unity with the billions you've never met could overwhelm you now. You might want to write down your impressions so you can refer to them later. You might otherwise forget it all.
 Your thoughts are leaning toward the past, Sagittarius. You aren't moving backward, but you may want to get in touch with your roots in order to move into the future. You would also like to better understand of the mistakes of the past. You're going to be something of a psychoanalyst today.
 You may not be very precise. Your motto seems to be "everything is relative." However, paying attention to details doesn't necessarily mean that you lose sight of the fundamentals. Your friends could tell you that. If you're an artist, you might make an effort today to be clearer in your expression and a little more down to Earth.
 What is your dream, Sagittarius? Answer that question as specifically as possible today, then set about attaining that goal. All signs indicate that whatever you begin today will pay off big time. Even though you may feel that your dreams are too ambitious, there's no need to feel overwhelmed. Vow to take things one step at a time. Keep in mind the old adage, "Once begun is half done."
 It's likely a hidden talent of yours is revealed today, Sagittarius. All those scraps of writing could turn into something more concrete, such as a novel. Maybe you begin to dabble with your children's paint set and realize how much you enjoy the creative process. Be open to all possibilities. You may find your life takes a different, more authentic direction.
 You look especially attractive today, Sagittarius, and it's doing wonders for your self
 You may receive a letter or phone call that spurs you into action, Sagittarius. You might realize how close you are to reaching a long
 Consider composing a bit of poetry today, Sagittarius. Use this as an exercise to condense your ocean of emotions into a very few words. You might find that a great deal of your inner turmoil really boils down to just one or two central things. Let your written words express this as succinctly as possible.
 You have a persuasive nature, Sagittarius. Take care that you don't come on too strong today. You may try to rally support for a favored cause of yours. By all means, spread the word, but let others come to you if they're interested. You tend to beat people over the head about doing the "right" thing. Don't pressure anyone. If just a few people help, at least they will be truly committed.
 You have many talents, Sagittarius. Today's astral energy indicates that your abilities will be rewarded. Congratulations! You've certainly worked long and hard to achieve your goals. Why not make plans to celebrate? Call some friends or your partner for an impromptu get
 Confusion may reign today as you try to glean some information that seems to be totally elusive, Sagittarius. Are you researching a project? Are some of the facts obscure? For now, it might be better to work on something else and go back to your research in a few days. To keep at it now might involve you in a lot of work for negligible results.
 If you've been planning to spend a day meditating, Sagittarius, this is the day to do it. You're in an elevated frame of mind, not in a space to focus on mundane matters. Artistic inspiration could come to you now. Any kind of exercise should get the endorphins flowing. But don't expect to get any practical work done. You're definitely out of this world.
 The feeling that someone is coming to visit you might be with you throughout the day, Sagittarius. Your intuition is probably right, except for one thing 
 It's time to show other people that you have backbone, Sagittarius. It could be that up until now very few people have noticed, since you're so flexible and adaptable to change. You easily wriggle your way downstream, and as a result, people may think they can control you. Prove to them that this isn't the case by setting your own agenda and sticking to it.
 Your imagination should fly high today, Sagittarius. Whether you're into writing, music, or dance, make the most of your creative inspiration. If you don't, your ideas may vanish as soon as they appear. If you're too busy, at least make time to jot down your insights and any possibilities for developing them. Then you will have a record you can return to at a future date.
 You need to give yourself more credit, Sagittarius. When you set your mind to something, no matter how ambitious, you usually accomplish it. Remind yourself of this today, as you may feel bogged down and overwhelmed by obligations at work and home. Pay attention to your finances. All signs indicate that you may have inadvertently let a bill or other obligation slip through the cracks.
 You have a creative soul, Sagittarius, and today it's working overtime. You can't stop all sorts of imaginative ideas. Even if you've never written fiction, today you will have many clever ideas for stories and screenplays. Jot them down because they aren't likely to stay in your head for long. Refer to them later when you have some time to capture their essence more fully.
 A family member could be experiencing business difficulties, Sagittarius. Your sensitivity could cause you to feel their anxieties, too. You might want to make it clear to this person that you're there for him or her, but you also need to be objective about the situation. Protect yourself psychically, perhaps by surrounding yourself with white light. It won't help your relative if you're stressed.
 Some intense communication could take place today between you and a love partner, possibly about your future together, Sagittarius. It's likely to lead to some positive developments in your life, possibly including a move to the next level of commitment. If you aren't involved now, a friend could introduce you to someone new, perhaps at a social gathering. Look your best throughout the day!
 Some unusual dreams could have unexpected side effects, Sagittarius. They could spark new ideas for creative projects or possible innovative concepts to advance your career or social life. They might clue you in to what's in the hearts and minds of those closest to you. Your dreams might say a lot about you. Write them down so you can analyze them. You might be surprised by what they bring to mind.
 Are you certain that you can't modify your current situation, Sagittarius? Are you a prisoner of a lifestyle that isn't of your own making or that may be a throwback from the past? People have been asking you to take on too many responsibilities and this is what weighs you down. Don't be afraid to be alone and distance yourself from these situations. Learn to say no and make your own life!
 This will be a great day to meditate, Sagittarius. You may be a bit dissatisfied with yourself because your various projects have yet to take form. You're impatient, but who wouldn't be? This waiting period has lasted for about two months, but will soon end. The planets ask you to consider only what is essential. Don't allow yourself to start new projects based on anything superfluous.
 Working at home could be difficult today, especially if you're finalizing a business deal, Sagittarius. Other household members will be coming and going, slamming doors, asking questions, bringing their friends in. If you're doing household chores, forget it for now and return to it when it's quieter. If you're approaching a deadline, close the door and tell others to leave you alone for a while.
 For dreams to be actualized, they must have a vehicle through which they can manifest, Sagittarius. Today is a day to help bring those dreams to life. Use the incredible grounding force to simultaneously expand your mind and bring it down to Earth in a realistic manner. Combine ancient wisdom with practical planning to help set a powerful wave in motion for the future. You have all the tools you need.
 Today is a terrific day to let your sensitive, caring nature shine through fully, Sagittarius. Surprise someone with roses and a candlelit dinner. Take care of the amenities like music and wine. It's also an excellent time to go shopping for yourself or others. Let romance lead the way. Your inner core will be fueled by your sensual relations with others.
 There's great opportunity for romance today, Sagittarius. Love the people you're with, but don't smother them. The more you loosen your grip on a situation, the more you will gain control of it. Cutting chains to the past is the first step in moving forward toward a goal. You might not realize how much a past situation holds you back until you make the effort to release it.
 It may be best if you stay out of the line of fire, Sagittarius. Don't get into others' battles. By choosing sides, you create enemies. Use your compassion to soothe the situation. Use your caring nature to put out the fire. Don't get sucked into the flames where you may add to the confusion. Your job is to stand aside. You can care about the outcome without throwing yourself in headfirst.
 You usually don't mind being alone, Sagittarius. In fact, you enjoy your own company. Tonight you're going to crave companionship. You could have an impromptu party in your kitchen, perhaps involving friends who are also business associates. Some fascinating conversations could take place about business and intellectual matters, as well as some deeper subjects that keep you thinking for hours or days.
 Telepathic messages you get from a friend or relative could seem confused and garbled, Sagittarius. This might bother you, especially if the person is normally practical and rational. We all have bad days. Try to observe their behavior and see if there are any warning signs of inner or outer crisis. If not, you may have to just let them be. You can't force another to ask for assistance.
 Expect to receive some great news today, Sagittarius. Answer your phone and check email all day, because you never know when it will come. Indications suggest that success in all aspects of your life is coming. You may complete a project to acclaim or submit a report that's accepted without question. These small successes boost your self
 You may reminisce today, Sagittarius. Perhaps you're thinking about friends and family who live far away. You could feel a bit nostalgic, not to mention blue, thinking about times long past. Consider making some phone calls to counteract these feelings. If you can't connect with a particular person, spend a little time looking through a photo album to bring him or her closer to you.
 An unethical acquaintance could be spreading unfounded rumors. Don't take anything you hear today at face value, Sagittarius. Get all the facts before drawing conclusions. Equipment being installed or acting up adds to the confusion. If the situation weren't so frustrating, it would be comical. Take deep breaths throughout the day. Tomorrow things will be on a more even keel.
 You have a keen intellect and unparalleled persuasive powers, Sagittarius. If you aren't an attorney, you should be. All signs indicate that your career is about to skyrocket. Career and financial success are pretty much guaranteed with today's planetary configuration. If you have a mate to share this good fortune with, consider yourself doubly blessed.
 Career matters may be put on hold for a few days, Sagittarius, but your professional future probably won't be far from your thoughts, even in the midst of time spent with family and friends. You want to improve your financial situation, and a number of possibilities have come up. Don't mull them over too much now. You don't want to neglect your loved ones. Relax and enjoy their company today.
 You may have heard a juicy story about a friend lately and be just dying to share it with your entourage, Sagittarius. Be careful with this impulse! The party in question would not appreciate hearing about what you're doing. You could unnecessarily harm someone's reputation. Think about how you would feel if the show was on the other foot!
 Although things may be going well for you at work, Sagittarius, it's probably taking a physical and emotional toll on you. You may suffer from mild stress
 Emotional reunions with friends or relatives you haven't seen in a long time could take place today, Sagittarius. Some of these might be unplanned and off the wall. You might meet your sixth
 Social invitations or opportunities to participate in group activities should come your way for a few weeks, Sagittarius. Your phone could ring off the hook. Relations with others should be warm, friendly, and congenial, so any sort of get
 Your head may be going in a thousand different directions today, Sagittarius. You may not have much time to stop and think about your next move. Things will come up suddenly and you will need to be able to react quickly. The faster you move, the less time you will have to react. For this reason, you may want to consider a side route where things are flowing a bit more slowly.
 Add a bit of spark to your day, Sagittarius. Get yourself into gear. It might feel like there's a great deal of anticipation in the air, but don't get ahead of yourself. Enjoy the day you've been given, and make sure you use every minute to its fullest potential. Small annoyances may turn into large headaches unless you maintain an honest mind and neutral standpoint.
 You may feel indecisive today, Sagittarius, especially in the morning. Other people's actions may confuse you. Don't worry. Concentrate on your projects and goals. Other people can take care of themselves. Don't feel like you need to make sure everyone is attended to before you start your day. In fact, you may be the one who needs to be cared for by others. Ask for a shoulder to lean on if you need it.
 Today your spiritual and career goals may come together, Sagittarius, enabling you to make a living without compromising your ideals. New opportunities may come your way to make new friends with people who share your beliefs and interests. You might reflect nostalgically on the past and yet look to the future with great optimism. Good luck!
 Be careful of letting your heart get carried away today, Sagittarius. Extreme emotions are likely, making you very aware of your environment and what other people are thinking about you. You may want to retreat to the forest and seek council with the fairies and trolls. Fantasy is a terrific way to escape the emotional intensity that's likely to be in the air on a day like this.
 Today a bubble of confusion clouds your reality, making it difficult to decide what to do next, Sagittarius. Be careful that you don't tie your stomach in knots from the tension created by your mental confusion. Problems with indigestion are likely now because of your worries over what your next step should be. Relax and go with the flow. Things will work out fine.
 A long
 Every day is a new start and new chance, Sagittarius. Don't get upset or angry over past events. Don't dwell on things you can't change. Your whole life can turn around in a day, so start every morning with a positive outlook. As you wash your face in the morning, think of it as a renewal. Clean off the debris from yesterday while welcoming the freshness of a new day.
 Don't get too caught up in the emotional side of life today, Sagittarius. Keep things light and keep them moving. A rolling stone gathers no moss. Unfortunately, you may have quite a bit of that green stuff growing on you now. Get up and get moving. One little bit of effort will send you off and running. Don't hesitate. You're ready to take the plunge.
 Information received today excites your imagination and encourages you to start a new artistic or creative project, Sagittarius. Stories, pictures, abstract concepts 
 You may be acting unconsciously, Sagittarius. Suddenly you're halfway through a task and wondering what you really hoped to accomplish by starting it in the first place. Be more conscious of your energy and how you use it. Make sure you don't shoot yourself in the foot by wasting your precious resources on things that don't really matter in the long run.
 If things aren't going smoothly in a romantic relationship, be careful about blaming yourself, Sagittarius. A partnership means that two people work together equally. If this isn't the case, let your partner know how you feel. While the passion may run high between you, the real glue that will hold you together is sincerity, sensitivity, and mutual understanding.
 This is a fantastic day, Sagittarius. Elements of your life seem to be falling into place. You're in a period when you're beginning new cycles of love and mental activity. These beginning points are highlighted. You should think about how you want to be remembered in the future. Your heart and mind are working harmoniously, so take advantage of this to lay down some plans.
 Today you may want to spend your free time alone, contemplating various ideas, Sagittarius. Spiritual or metaphysical philosophies from ancient cultures or foreign lands might be more appealing than usual. Reading about them at this time could approach obsession, but this is OK. Whatever you learn today is likely to contribute greatly to your personal growth and perhaps self
 Others' attitudes toward you may seem to be changing. You may not be sure what this means. The fact is, Sagittarius, you're changing, and some of your friends may like what you're becoming and others may feel less comfortable. You can't stop what's happening. It's going to be a very positive process in the long run. It just may be difficult now. Bear with your friends and yourself.
 The gas is on, Sagittarius. One spark can cause an explosive fireball. There's a tremendous amount of potential energy to the day just waiting to be unleashed. Know what you're getting into before you light that match. The effects of your actions will ripple for some time. That said, go ahead and set the situation on fire. Perhaps there's an issue brewing that can no longer be ignored.
 This is an exciting day for you, Sagittarius. You can accomplish quite a bit. Your intuition is especially acute and your sensitivity is strong. Computers might irritate you today. It's possible to get all worked up if your laptop crashes. Save your work often. Keep in mind that it's just a machine. Don't let it get the better of you.
 The development of a talent that you've neglected could have surprising results, Sagittarius. You could find that it's just what you need in order to expand your horizons and catapult you into whatever situation you want to be in. This could lead to an increased income. You're changing inside, and these changes are mostly positive. They may also be reflected in your outer life.
 Today represents the start of a period of endings and new beginnings in your career, Sagittarius. You might be leaving an old job for a new one or advancing to a new position with your current employer. New technology may play a part in this transition or new knowledge that you've recently acquired, or both. A possible drawback is that stress may affect your energy. Pace yourself.
 It's strange how past incidents can still cause such pain in the present. Today you may feel overwhelmed by memories of a particularly traumatic incident. No one is more surprised than you by your reaction. You felt sure you'd addressed this issue and put it behind you. Apparently there's still work to be done, Sagittarius.
 Past issues may rear their ugly heads today, Sagittarius. No, it isn't pretty. In fact, it's frustrating to have to deal with this problem again. You will be well served to spend time meditating. You need to address these issues once and for all or they will continue to haunt you. You're fortunate to have such close friends who will support you through this difficult process.
 Friends who have been traveling or live far away could bring some interesting news your way that hasn't yet broken in your area, Sagittarius. This might make you curious to do some research on the subject. Take everything you hear with a grain of salt until you determine the facts for yourself. Things can get garbled in translation when you hear things second or third hand.
 Minor changes in your money situation could make for a beautiful day, Sagittarius. Perhaps you discover a bank error in your favor, get repaid for a loan, or receive a generous gift. Whichever it is, it's likely to make it possible for you to make a purchase you've been thinking you had to postpone for a while. Enjoy your good fortune and make the most of it!
 Learning is apt to be your primary concern today, Sagittarius, probably metaphysics, philosophy, history, or some other division of the humanities. You might spend a lot of time in libraries or bookstores or perhaps attend a lecture or workshop. Discussions are likely to follow, and the exchange of ideas will prove stimulating. Take copious notes and enjoy your day.
 A recent windfall or good news regarding money could turn your thoughts to home renovation and decorating. You might do some painting or add decorative touches to the house. Even if you don't have a fortune to spend, fresh flowers, plants, and pillows or area rugs can perk up a room. You might even shop for some new furniture. Have fun with your projects today, Sagittarius!
 Today you could surprise a close friend or lover with a gift, Sagittarius. There may be no special occasion. You may have seen something in the store that you knew he or she would like or mentioned wanting. You aren't doing this for the sake of appreciation. All the same, you will receive it. Don't play down your own kindness. Just say thanks and smile.
 Dreams should shed light on some difficult issues you've been trying to resolve, Sagittarius. You can finally make the problems disappear. This should be more than a relief to you 
 You may feel a strong urge to run away from it all, Sagittarius, but where would you go? The restlessness you feel may be in response to all the pressures on you now. Social demands, work requirements, and the needs of family may be pulling you to the breaking point. You can turn off your phone for the day. Pull down the blinds, cuddle up with a good book, and pretend that you're all alone.
 Your day could be worrisome and stressful, Sagittarius. Your workload may be especially heavy and you could be putting in some long hours. Relations with others might also be a bit tense. Ease the stress by playing music and take frequent breaks. Have a good meal at lunchtime and then take a walk. Things are likely to be a lot more laid back tomorrow!
 Some rather bizarre news could come to you today about metaphysical or paranormal matters, Sagittarius. This isn't anything that affects you directly, but more likely concerns discoveries of anomalies. You and others could find it fascinating and discuss it for hours. Don't be surprised if the theories that come up seem even more bizarre than what you heard in the first place!
 Treat yourself to something special, Sagittarius, whether a gourmet meal, new outfit, or latest gadget. Today is your day and you shouldn't deprive yourself of anything. There's a remarkable synchronicity of events that will lead you to exactly the right place at the right time. There's a special warmth and sensitivity in the air that will put your mind and emotions at ease.
 It isn't a good idea to blame your troubles on others, Sagittarius. The only one that you really have to blame is you. You will find that your mind is active today and that it might send you around in circles unless you make a conscious effort to slow it down and get it going on the right path. Deal with the facts of the situation instead of the emotions that may arise from it.
 The Universe is encouraging you to listen today, Sagittarius. This isn't a day for polemic speeches. It isn't a day to try to win others over to your point of view. Really listen to what your friends, loved ones, colleagues, and neighbors say with all of your attention and empathy. You will strengthen your bonds with everyone and may be surprised at what you learn.
 You might have intense dreams and visions tonight that could be almost prophetic, Sagittarius. These premonitions could be personal, but they're apt to be more worldly, such as political events or something in the life of a celebrity you admire. What you sense should be positive, so there are no warnings involved. Write them down so you can verify them later. You might be surprised!
 Today you might toy with the idea of doing some renovation on your home, perhaps for your enjoyment, but primarily to increase its value, Sagittarius. Decorating, landscaping, or both might be on the agenda. A number of possibilities could present themselves, and you will probably spend much time giving each some serious consideration. In the end, you will probably choose the most beautiful!
 Recent events in the love and romance department may have you feeling like you aren't getting your needs met, Sagittarius. Remember that other people aren't mind readers the way you are. If someone's behavior isn't right with you, say so. Romantic partnerships should uplift and support your dreams, not something you make personal sacrifices for just to maintain.
 The events of the day might leave you feeling a bit confused and bewildered, Sagittarius. Perhaps you're feeling like you aren't getting the attention you feel you deserve. You may wonder why the one thing you want the most may be the one thing you can't have. You have more than you think you do. No one wants to be with someone who's moping and depressed. Let your internal light shine brightly.
 Good news involving a small, extra sum of money could come today, Sagittarius. You might receive a check in the mail. Take a friend out to lunch. You will both have fun. Afterward, you may want to blow the rest of the money on something frivolous, but don't go that far. Think about one or more items you want and concentrate on those.
 The results of the recent planetary influence are coming home to roost, Sagittarius. If everything went according to plan, you gained some insight into your ego. Buddhist wise men say that the path to spiritual fulfillment lies in knowing how to build a healthy ego while developing a part of oneself completely foreign to the ego. Are you working hard at this?
 Today may be an excellent time to take a second shot at something that didn't work out the first time, Sagittarius. Falling flat on your face can damage your confidence and self
 Are you living your dreams, Sagittarius? Are you still in touch with them? The energy from today's planetary aspects can lend strength and encouragement to this part of your life. Seize the opportunity to take hold of the things that you want most of all. Ask yourself what you want people to say about you after you're gone. Get back on track to a fulfilled life by taking steps toward your desires.
 Your active side may show through today, Sagittarius. While you can be extremely focused on brainwork, you also love to keep active and do physical work. When you have a project like cleaning your home, you can be very fast and efficient when you want to. This is a good day to get a lot accomplished. Run around doing this and that. You will probably enjoy it very much and feel very satisfied afterward.
 Chances are good that you will receive a helping hand or comfort from someone many years your senior who cares about you, Sagittarius. Don't hesitate to ask for their thoughts, ideas, and assistance. They will probably enjoy being able to do this for you and be glad that you've approached them. Be open and accept the love and support that's offered.
 Sagittarius, don't be fooled by others who aren't straight with you. If you don't know the person well, trust your instincts. You tend to care for others, so it can be easy for you to feel sorry for someone and be inclined to help. Make sure that the person you help really deserves it and is telling you the whole story. Taking this extra time can save you problems later.
 Fanaticism or obsessive thinking may be something you need to look at today, Sagittarius. Common areas for such behaviors are in the pursuit of money, power, success, and romance. There's a fine line between ambition and obsession. If you find that you think of nothing else but one fixation, it may be time to talk with someone about it. He or she may see what you don't want to see.
 The urge to stay in and rearrange your furniture might hit you today, Sagittarius. You may want to clean out the shelves in your kitchen, add some new knickknacks, or rearrange your books into specific classifications. This may be a lot of work, but it will also be a lot of fun. Get other members of the household to help and turn it into a party.
 Artistic activities or those involving healing are enhanced today, Sagittarius. Whatever you try is going to be more a part of your very being than it would be at other times. Love, art, psychic or spiritual activities 
 Something is tugging you back down to reality, Sagittarius. Your mind has tended to be in the clouds lately, but now you need to ground your emotions and realize that you operate on a physical plane, too. Your emotions are stable for now, affording you a chance to step back and evaluate how you've been treating yourself. Make sure you give yourself the attention you deserve.
 Some intense, revealing communications with a close friend or lover could reveal wonderful new things about your relationship. Perhaps you have more in common than you thought. Perhaps fears prove groundless. As a result, Sagittarius, the two of you could grow closer and discover a new mutual sense of purpose. Enjoy the positive feelings, and have a great day together.
 A visitor who needs a little sympathy could visit you today. Your friend probably wants some advice about some problems. He or she could also bring information involving new scientific or metaphysical studies that you find fascinating. This information could trigger your own insights. Write down your ideas. You will want to remember them.
 Today you might need to run some errands, Sagittarius, but they might prove difficult for a number of reasons. The errands could be personal or business related. Communication may be temporarily blocked. Messages may not be delivered or you could be playing phone tag. On days like this, you need to make a special effort to keep cool. Nothing is so important that you have to drive yourself crazy.
 Emotions could be running high, Sagittarius. Someone in your entourage may have a problem with an authority figure and political issues could come up. You're likely to feel especially powerful now, and so you might be tempted to throw your hat in the ring. It's better to stay out of anything political and channel that power and passion into your own project. That's likelier to bring positive results.
 Your warm, sensitive nature is perfectly suited to today's aspects, Sagittarius. Your emotional energy is strongly tied to your heart, and you will find that there's a longing to be close to others. Indulge in conversation with close friends and let your imagination run wild. Your creativity is especially piqued today, so start an art project or write a song that inspires or perhaps changes the world.
 You're probably excited about a forthcoming journey, Sagittarius, but you may be unclear about the arrangements. Don't let this situation persist or your trip might not work out the way you hope. Get in touch with people who know what's what and get as much information as you can. Then you will know it all before you get on that plane.
 Overall, this should be a pretty good day for you, Sagittarius, as long as you don't get overly sensitive about certain things. Your awareness is bound to be extra sharp today, so use this ability to stay alert and open to what's going on around you. Perhaps you're feeling a bit restless when it comes to matters of the heart. This is telling you to stop fidgeting and take action.
 Wear the striped shirt and polka
 Opportunities to do well
 An older person you're very fond of could visit or call and ask for your advice on practical matters. Clear and logical thinking enhances your intuition, Sagittarius, and you might be able to put this ability to work not only for your friend but also for yourself. Your own interests will be advanced today in some way, so expect a good day.
 At the moment, Sagittarius, the planets are aligned in a way that encourages communication and the written word. Therefore, you may feel like taking the plunge and writing that book you've been thinking about for a long time. It will probably be a great success. You're very gifted when it comes to this kind of creative activity. Go for it and stop making excuses!
 At the moment, there's a great deal of electricity in the air, especially in your life at home. Ignore those people who try to provoke you. Don't get involved in conflicts that could degenerate into fights. Go somewhere to be alone. Reenergize by really listening to your desires, feelings, and instincts. Why not spend the afternoon in a museum, for example?
 Today you may feel a lot more energetic after a tiring past few days. When you're feeling good, everything's fine. You're feeling motivated again to get down and tackle the work that's waiting for you. If you have time to make some calls, don't be afraid to look for new prospects, because today promises some very beneficial partnerships in your professional or even spiritual life.
 You may be looking forward to an evening with close friends, Sagittarius, probably including a romantic partner. Occasions such as sporting events, movies, or concerts could be on your agenda. Activities involving children are also possible. Don't be surprised if you're inclined to sit quietly and let others do the talking. You might have a lot on your mind and need to let it stew for a while.
 A lot of letters, calls, and other communications could skyrocket you into a new and unexpected space, Sagittarius. If you've been thinking of trying your hand at writing or speaking, this is the day to work on it. All signs indicate good fortune will come your way at this time, though it might sneak up on you and leave you a bit disconcerted. Pull yourself together and go for it.
 Problems in your community may result from malfunctioning machines. Be prepared, Sagittarius. Have flashlights handy in case of a power outage, and walk instead of drive in case signals cause major traffic jams. Neighbors may be going crazy, but try to stay calm. This is a temporary situation, and not worth getting all stressed over. A good piece of advice is to spend the day reading.
 Paperwork regarding money might take up a lot of your time today, Sagittarius. This can be tedious, but it's something that can make a very positive difference to you, and therefore needs to be handled as soon as possible. Try to stay focused, and don't forget to ask for clarification when you need it. In the evening, celebrate by going out on the town with a group of friends.
 Have you wanted to catch up on your reading, Sagittarius? If so, this is definitely a good time to stay home, make yourself some tea, and curl up with a good book. If it's a novel, you will enjoy it thoroughly. If it's nonfiction, you will absorb the information quickly and retain more. If you're into writing, you might want to apply what you learn today to your own project.
 Some solid, honest communication between you and those you love is likely to clear up some confusion. Roles are more clearly defined, emotional problems clarified, and chores are more fairly allotted. This is going to make a big difference in your daily life. The removal of relationship issues will guarantee that the atmosphere is more harmonious from now on.
 You could be introduced to a new person today Sagittarius. He or she may be someone who will play a very important role in your life at one point. You will feel an instant connection and find out you share a passion for the same kinds of things. This person could turn out to be a very good friend, and romance is also very likely. Take it slowly and see what happens.
 If you've been thinking about studying astrology, Sagittarius, this is the day to do it. Even if you already know the field, you might decide to branch out into a newer or more radical aspect, such as Draconic or galactic astrology. You will learn more quickly and retain more of what you learn, so no matter what interests you, this is the day to put some effort into learning more about it.
 Some wonderful new developments could take place in your community, Sagittarius. You might meet some new people who move in nearby. New businesses could also arrive and give a whole new look to the area. You could spend a lot of time visiting others to learn about what's happening. You might also consider fixing up your home, as recent success has made that possible. You will be busy all day.
 If you've considered a career in healing, psychic, or spiritual studies or the creative arts, Sagittarius, today the opportunity to make that dream a reality could come your way. A close friend could open the door for you. Your own psychic and artistic abilities should be operating at a very high level, so don't be intimidated. You're good at what you do and are likely to remain so.
 Someone who's a little belligerent and abrasive could interrupt the flow of ideas at a class or workshop dedicated to spiritual and metaphysical concepts and values. This won't sit well with you, Sagittarius, but you aren't the type to be confrontational. Don't worry. Let the person have his or her say, then let everyone else debate. Enjoy yourself and learn from all the ideas.
 An enterprise you'd long since given up on, perhaps one involving the creative arts, may suddenly come up again, this time as a real opportunity, Sagittarius. Once you know it's real, you still might have trouble believing that it's finally happening. Friends and your current love interest may accept it more readily than you do. Enjoy your success and make the most of it!
 Too many demands placed on you by others could have you feeling used, abused, and stressed, Sagittarius. You might come close to losing your temper. That isn't necessary. All you have to do is learn to say no. It might not be easy, since you tend to want to please everyone, but you have to look out for yourself. Help when the request is urgent and postpone the rest.
 At certain moments you can feel where your destiny lies. Today will be such a moment for you, Sagittarius. You may want to shift your fundamental orientation. Every area of your life will be affected by this shift 
 There's passion in the air today, Sagittarius. You can feel it. The feeling is so strong that the air almost pulsates. What are you going to do about it? If you're in a romantic relationship, plan an intimate evening together, free of chores and daily tasks. If you're single, peruse your little black book and see if there are any relationships worth warming up.
 You consider yourself a rational person, Sagittarius. If you aren't a scientist, you should be. You view life objectively and rarely let extraneous matters cloud your thinking. You're likely to be taken aback by today's extraordinary events. Your intuition is so sharp that you can almost read people's minds. At first you think this is just a fluke, but you may be a believer by the end of the day.
 Today you may discover that you have a previously untapped talent for the occult sciences, Sagittarius. This might involve astrology, numerology, alchemy, or using oracles. A class or workshop could be involved. You tend to be intuitive by nature, and studying these fields may offer an opportunity to train that ability to a higher level of accuracy. Find an expert in one of those areas.
 Spiritual or metaphysical concepts you hear about today may seem confusing and bothersome, Sagittarius. You might go off alone to try to make sense of them, but this isn't the day to do that. You will probably only confuse yourself more. Think of this as a good day to collect information, not decide whether to accept any of it or not. Tomorrow your mind will be clearer and more logical.
 Things may seem surreal today, Sagittarius, so don't take other people's chatter too seriously. This is a day to reach out and touch someone, so pick up the phone. It's a good day to share your dreams, no matter how farfetched they sound. Others may look at you as if you have three heads, but as long as you're being honest with yourself, there's no reason to be shy about sharing.
 You're a service
 Today you might spend a lot of time on the phone with friends, some of them seniors. Your conversations will be loving, informative, and revealing, Sagittarius. As a result, you might decide to attend some group events in your community. A letter, check, or delivery that had been delayed might finally arrive. This is going to release a lot of tension, as you may have feared it had been lost.
 You're generally intuitive, Sagittarius, but today you could be so sensitive to others that you pick up on just about everything. Stay away from hospitals or police stations if you can. You might absorb everyone's pain. It's better to put this vibe to work spiritually or artistically. Seek friends and colleagues who work with you in these departments and you should have a wonderful day.
 A group that shares your interest in an intellectual or spiritual discipline might meet at your home today, Sagittarius. This could be a stimulating event, especially since new members could become good friends. A lot of plans could be made, perhaps for future activities. Fascinating discussions could take place. Don't let the meeting run too late. You will want to unwind before bedtime.
 Today your intuition should be sharper than usual, Sagittarius. You might get a few calls involving possible business opportunities. You can use this heightened ESP to discern which ones might be successful. You could also hear from friends proposing participation in a group activity of some kind, which you may want to do. Don't hesitate. Have a great day.
 Sagittarius, making or receiving an important letter or call regarding money might be on your agenda today, but circumstances beyond your control could delay it. This could prove frustrating. Take care of whatever you have to do. Distract yourself if you have to sit and wait. Nothing is worth stressing over. The call will come in time, so just relax.
 Today you may take up the study of astrology, numerology, alchemy, or other occult discipline. Your intellectual abilities are particularly sharp, Sagittarius, so you may want to combine them with your tendency toward mysticism. This should keep you busy for much of the day, but you need to watch out for intellectual overload. You don't want to forget what you've learned. Take notes.
 A rush of activity at home is probably going to involve preparations for a journey or event. More than one visitor could arrive during the course of the day. Your mind may be going in several different directions, and this could prove a bit disconcerting. Try to take breaks and remain centered, Sagittarius. You won't accomplish anything if you work yourself into a panic.
 You might get a lot of mixed messages from friends, relatives, and colleagues, Sagittarius. They may say one thing while you sense that they mean something else. Insist on hearing how they really feel. This can prevent a lot of resentment later. New businesses could open in your neighborhood that you might want to check out. Take a look 
 Some rather disconcerting information may come to light today. This could throw you into a daze, as it isn't anything that you expected. This isn't necessarily bad news, Sagittarius. In fact, it might be great news, but it may be something you never expected in a million years. Work through the shock and try to view it from all sides.
 Today shows the promise of being a very busy yet fulfilling day, Sagittarius. Enterprises involving corporations, churches, or other groups in your community are likely to benefit from your participation. You combine intuition with practicality in everything you do. You're especially communicative and good at dealing with others. Don't be surprised if public recognition comes your way.
 Your dreams and fantasies are more real than you know, Sagittarius. Smile at the people you pass and watch them smile back. Your sensitive and fun
 You're likely to feel especially friendly and outgoing today, Sagittarius. People you meet, particularly through groups, are likely to be strongly attracted to you. Friendships, partnerships, and romantic relationships should continue to grow closer, enhanced by your high level of communication. In the evening, go out with those you love. Your bond will be stronger for it.
 Enjoy the calm morning, Sagittarius, because things are going to get crazier and more energetic as the day goes on. Emotions will run high, and people will be more opinionated than usual. A conflict may arise from which you just want to extricate yourself. Realize that a more peaceful agreement will ensue if you jump in and add your two cents' worth.
 There are opportunities open to you now whether you realize it or not. It may be hard to be aware of them today, given the astrological weather. Your emotions may feel restricted and weighed down, like something is trying to tie you down. Realize that this is just a message from the Universe reminding you that having at least one foot on the ground is key to manifesting your dreams.
 Turn up your fantasy dial and let your imagination run wild. Your intuition is strong today, Sagittarius, and you should give your emotions room to flow. Work to clear the blockages that keep you from doing things you truly want to do. Get your ideas on paper and manifest more of your fantasy world in reality. People may be stingy, so now isn't the best time to ask for a raise or loan.
 Take a look at what's going on around you today, Sagittarius, and do some internal processing before you reach a conclusion regarding the best way to proceed. You may find that a combination of powerful forces is trying to win you over to their camp. Don't pigeonhole yourself into one way of doing things. Keep in mind that the best route is often a combination of several different paths.
 It's time to come up for air, Sagittarius. Come out and take a deep breath. Experience the lightness and rejuvenation of the energy present in the air around you. Do some yoga or go for a jog to open up your channels and get your circulation moving. Use this exercise to clear your mind and open your consciousness to let new ideas and dreams be born from within.
 This is an excellent day for you, Sagittarius. You will find that things automatically flow your way. You will receive more attention than usual and be the center of any social gathering. The one difficult point might be intimate relations with others. Romantic issues may take on a more serious, grounded tone at this time.
 Other people may tend to snap under the emotional pressure of the day, Sagittarius, but you're well suited to soar through with flying colors. You're ruled by your emotions and you have no problem navigating rough waters. Other people may look to you for strength and support. Trust yourself and try not to get lured off course by conflicting opinions that don't seem to sit right with you.
 The events of the day depend on your ability to put things into question today, Sagittarius. In general, you're good at analyzing situations when things aren't going well in your relationships. Now someone in your family may have a problem acting responsibly. It's up to that person to take care of things, but you could understand the message the person is trying to send other people with his or her behavior.
 You're often like a Zen master who doesn't say anything to pupils for months, until the day the pupils begin to not believe any more and find themselves growing indifferent to the whole thing. Then the master pronounces one or two phrases that are so incredibly true that no one knows what to say! You could be that Zen master today.
 Sagittarius, you may have felt as if something has been changing in your family environment over the last few weeks. Today you will find out what's been going on. Someone close to you has been going through some important changes in his or her life. You feel as if you need to be there and accompany this person on a journey of self
 Come down from the clouds today, Sagittarius. It's important to connect with what's going on down here. It could be that you're missing your target because you failed to take certain details into account that are obvious to everyone else. Attend to projects that require your attention. Realistic planning and disciplined actions are the best activities to engage in.
 Sink into a soft, gentle rhythm and you flow with everything around you, Sagittarius. Ease your mind about any worries. Your subconscious knows the way. The key today is sensitivity and intuition 
 You have tremendous creativity inside you, Sagittarius. Have you begun to use some of it? This creative cycle will last for the next month or so. Don't let it pass without taking advantage of it. Use the other side of your brain for a change. Take up sketching, painting, or fiction writing. What you do is less important than doing something. The simple act of creation unlocks the brain.
 The element of water predominates today. You will likely be aware of it by the strong tides of feeling in your household, Sagittarius. Some family members may be unhappy. They may need more independence or look to you for more attention and affection. It's hard to strike the right balance, as you will discover. Do your best to satisfy everyone, making sure that your own needs don't get overlooked.
 You will find strength in your inner reserves today, Sagittarius. Don't hesitate to let your deepest thoughts shine through. Keep your antenna up. You will find that there's an electricity in the air that keeps people's emotions at peak level. Follow your instincts and keep in mind that this is probably your best defense against the challenges of the day. Rational thinking is overrated.
 Your thinking is clear today, Sagittarius, and you will find that generally things are running smoothly. Your perspective on everything is very much in line with where you need to be at this time. In other words, you're doing everything exactly right. Be yourself and let other people adapt to your way of thinking. There's no need to keep hiding the truth of who you really are.
 Certain very narrow
 Today could be a turning point for you, Sagittarius. Is it possible that you've finally learned how to say no? You're the one everyone asks for help. You spend so much time on other people's problems that you have little energy left for you. This situation ultimately helps no one. Put yourself first and there will be plenty of you left for others. If you're depleted, everyone loses.
 Sagittarius, life around you today almost seems like a (bad) dream. It's almost as if people are talking, but nothing intelligible is coming out of their mouths. Perhaps two people close to you are having problems getting along. You feel like stepping in and telling them to calm down and really listen to each other. Days like these are when people need you the most.
 It may not be the easiest day to relate to others, Sagittarius, but as usual, if you just go with the flow, you will find that you can have fun. Try not to get caught up in anyone else's drama. There are likely to be soap operas playing all around you, and you would do well to steer clear of them. Maintain a lighthearted attitude today and try not to read into anything too deeply.
 Finish whatever you didn't wrap up yesterday, Sagittarius. Use the morning to plan, the afternoon to execute, and the evening to relax. Be conscious of time and your physical and mental limitations. Bring your dreaminess down to Earth and be realistic about goals. Take time to put the extra coat of wax on the car or extra stitch in the fabric. That effort will serve you well in the long run.
 Bring your thoughts down to Earth, Sagittarius, especially later tonight. You may be flip
 Today could be an unusual one for you emotionally, Sagittarius. Your usual easygoing, adaptable nature could be ruffled by people who try to take over projects that you are perfectly qualified to do. In such situations, you would normally retire gracefully to a quiet corner, but now you spread your beautiful wings and let it be known that you should not be overlooked.
 You may be tempted to shift into high gear today, Sagittarius, but you're likely to be unsure where to focus your energy. You may be revved up and anxious to get moving, but feel lazy and unmotivated to do anything but sit back and wait for the excitement to come to you. Whatever you do, don't retreat into a hole. Dress up and show off your outer as well as inner beauty.
 Reward yourself with two desserts today, Sagittarius. Take a bubble bath. Share your fantasies with others and express yourself fully. Don't feel like you have to say yes to every favor that is asked of you. Save some of that nurturing energy for yourself. Feel free to help others in need, but don't do it at the expense of your emotional and physical bank account.
 Your boat is likely to be rocked today, Sagittarius, to the point where you and all of your belongings could go overboard. Be prepared to swim ashore. Grounding and stability are the keys to maintaining a healthy attitude, especially when it comes to ever
 An unexpected, upsetting letter or phone call might come today. This isn't major bad news, Sagittarius. It's more likely to be the irritating little setbacks that force you to go more out of your way than you'd expected. Problems might pop up with computers, cell phones, or other forms of technology. Grit your teeth and do what it takes to move on. It won't help to get crazy.
 Lovely dreams could spark your imagination and get your artistic abilities going. You could learn a lot about yourself and whatever has been limiting you. Write down whatever comes your way so you can work with it later, but don't try to make sense of it today. Wait a while and then consider everything in a more practical light. You may be surprised at the difference in you.
 Anger and resentment caused by past hurts could come up today, at times tempting you to burst into tears. Don't fight it. Just find someplace where you can be alone and let it out. This is only a symptom of personal and spiritual growth on your part. Releasing the past clears the way for breakthroughs in the future. You could wake up tomorrow morning feeling like a changed person!
 Don't hesitate to speak up for what is right, Sagittarius, even if it means confronting someone with power. So be it. The slightest injustice can't be tolerated. When you voice your opinion, as you feel compelled to do, it makes others respect you. This has been a long time coming, and it does you a tremendous amount of good!
 You will probably be perfectly in tune with the day ahead, Sagittarius. Of course, it's tempting to run away from the reality and hardships of the moment. But at other times, when you're so compassionate and find it easy to listen, like today, life is really rewarding. People find your company soothing and pleasant, and they're likely to thank you for it. Aren't days like this great?
 Dress in your very best today, Sagittarius. Feel free to kick up your heels and take on the town. This is a great time to go out with friends, socialize, and have a fabulous time. Put your worries aside and join a group for some lighthearted fun and merriment. Keep a smile on your face and you will find that you can walk through any door you choose.
 You might need to spend time alone in order to reset your programming, Sagittarius. Other people's influence may be seeping into your psyche. There's no reason to always do or say what other people dictate. Your sensitivity helps you understand things about others, but it can also bring you down if you start to take on their burdens. Try to counterbalance this tendency with more of your own energy.
 Indecision may leave you helpless at a crossroads today, Sagittarius. Others around you could be just as undecided regarding their direction. At the same time, you may feel pressured to take immediate action and you're tired of waiting for others to make the first move. Find answers in simple solutions. There's more than one correct way to go. Your choice is the right one if you believe it.
 You may have been a bit indecisive lately when it comes to love and romance, Sagittarius. Perhaps your mind is drawn to one person while your heart is drawn to another. Perhaps you're trying to trick your mind into seeing a certain quality in someone while you ignore parts that you don't really like. Make sure you accept people for all of who they are and not just the individual parts.
 You might long for a vacation today, Sagittarius, and you could toy with the idea of a journey by air. Your mind may turn to spiritual places such as India, Egypt, Israel, or Ireland as you wonder how it would feel to stand in the sacred places in those countries. Don't just toy with the idea. You're probably overdue for a vacation, and such a trip would suit your mystical nature.
 This is the right moment to extricate yourself from relationships that have seen their day, Sagittarius. This won't be easy, but you must. In your professional and private lives, you're too hesitant to get out of distasteful situations or obligations. You're afraid of hurting people or making them mad. But in the end, you're hurting yourself. Give more weight to your own needs and follow your own path.
 Feel free to let it all out today, Sagittarius. It's finally your turn to stand up and say what you feel. Don't let others push you into places you don't want to be. The key is to probe deeply with your penetrating mind and share your incredible insights with others. Don't be surprised if your actions cause some tension. Don't let this stop you from doing what you feel is right.
 The energy is apt to pick up in your life today, Sagittarius. You may be asked to report to duty. Don't make promises you can't keep. Your words will be taken seriously, and you shouldn't mislead people into thinking that something is going to happen when you know it isn't. You know how that situation will turn out. Trust yourself, regardless of the circumstances.
 You're often called the "cleanup crew." Whether it's the home or the unconscious, you enjoy preparing nests for all sorts of births, real and figurative. Don't be surprised if you find yourself tidying up your home, throwing away useless things, clearing the desk, or catching up on mail. There are powerful forces compelling you to prepare for someone or something new and different.
 Your thin skin feels even thinner than usual today, Sagittarius. If you happen to witness a violent outburst in the street, at work, or on television, you suddenly become aware of your vulnerability. Don't let it frighten you into hiding. As one of the few remaining guardians of the world's dwindling reserves of kindness, you have a responsibility.
 Your sensitive heart may be sparked by anger today, Sagittarius. Don't be afraid of hurting other people's feelings. You'd be doing yourself and others a disservice by not revealing the true scope of your emotions. The other parties involved may not have all the facts necessary to make the most educated decision. Aid in this process by revealing your perspective.
 Mundane tasks, including errands and answering correspondence, might bore you all day, Sagittarius. You're likely to be restless and strongly tempted to chuck it all and go somewhere to enjoy yourself. Take a good look at what you're doing and try to judge objectively how important it is to get it done now. If it isn't that important, then put it aside. You probably need to relax!
 In an attempt to merge with infinity, you might overlook some basic life principles, Sagittarius. Be careful about being seduced by those who want you to be involved in their drama. You might willingly acquiesce at first. You may not even realize how deep a hole you've dug until it's too late. Make sure you haven't alienated everyone so that there's still someone left to dig you out.
 After the events of the last few weeks, do you still want to continue acting like the same person? This is always a good question to ask with a celestial atmosphere like today's. People generally feel that they have a chance to get out of old systems and relationships. But people always hesitate to do this because of a fear of the future. Don't waver. Take the next steps!
 Today your mind might be on social and political issues. If you aren't currently involved with groups dealing with these issues, you might consider joining one. A recent increase in income might have given you some extra time, and you may be excited about the possibilities. Service to others is one, Sagittarius. Consider some others, perhaps developing a creative skill, before moving ahead.
 You will be full of ideas for improving your lifestyle, Sagittarius, especially as it relates to your family. It's true that over the past few months you've experienced some hardships. You can breathe easier now. Whether it's for your career or home, today's initiatives are likely to bring great rewards. Take advantage of the atmosphere to put together a realistic plan for the future.
 Deep inside, don't you have an urge to breathe new spirit into your love life? Of course, some things are more easily said than done. Currently, you don't have much time to devote to yourself, much less your partner. Affection could thrive if given half a chance. The day suggests that you commit yourself to making some decisions that will help bring you and your mate closer.
 Within the next few days, you're likely to gain access to dimensions of perception you never suspected, Sagittarius. Perhaps you will become aware of certain energy phenomena, peak experiences, or other highly sensitive states of consciousness. Don't be frightened. Instead, investigate what these worlds have to offer. What you learn will help you cope with your sensitivity.
 This is one of those days when the road forks in several directions and you must decide which way to go, Sagittarius. This usually isn't hard. You just go with the flow. But now things are flowing in multiple directions and you need to figure out which way to go. Stick with the way that seems most natural. Remember that whatever choice you make will be the right one.
 Be careful not to fall prey to your own idealism today, Sagittarius. While this is one of your most admirable qualities, as it contributes to your romantic, creative nature, too much of anything can be harmful. It's important to see things as they are, despite how much you may wish them to be different. The real world doesn't always go hand in hand with your ideal place. If something feels off, it probably is. Trust your instincts.
 You have an incredible imagination, Sagittarius. Today is a great day to put it to use. Take time to engage in creative activities and try meditation, story planning, role playing, or visualization. You have a powerful tool to unlock inner fears and inhibitions, increasing your confidence and creativity and solving life's challenges. If this is a new idea for you, consider learning more about meditation to connect with your inner self.
 Your mind is full of wonderful thoughts today, Sagittarius. You might consider spending the day meditating, doing some volunteer work, or turning your inspiration into an artistic project of some kind. Your intuition is especially high, so you might tune in more acutely than usual to the thoughts and feelings of others. Take a few minutes during the day to be alone with your thoughts. You will probably benefit from it.
 Events over which you seem to have no control seem to be coming together to make things happen for you, Sagittarius. You might find this a bit frightening, but don't let it get to you. Go with the flow. You've worked hard for what's happening today, and you deserve to enjoy the results. The exhilaration you feel could manifest as abundant physical energy. This could be too much of a good thing. Don't overdo.
 What are you after in life, Sagittarius? Deep down, does the kind of work you do satisfy your most intimate desires? The little problems you encounter in your professional life over the next week could be the straw that breaks the camel's back. Take a look around to see if the work you do and the people in your life take your profoundly spiritual nature into account.
 Sensual, passionate lovemaking is definitely on the agenda of activities for tonight, Sagittarius. Fun, excitement, romance, and love are all key themes likely to take precedence if you have anything to say about it 
 Here's a day that will be rather calm for you, Sagittarius. Peace has replaced all your soul searching. You feel in contact with life's daily routine, including aspects that you don't always consider like the weather, people's expressions, or small coincidences. You seem to be floating on a cloud. You're going to have a good deal of confidence today!
 You may be worn out, Sagittarius, but you will have to push forward anyway. You're entering a long period of work and perseverance. This definitely isn't the moment to be late or balk. If you're still in your pajamas at noon, you should be ashamed! Do what you can to wake yourself from your recent daze. It's time to get up and get moving!
 This would be the moment to say yes to your destiny, Sagittarius. You're a little frustrated because things haven't been moving forward the way you'd like. But now that opportunities are coming your way, you find you're holding things up. You're just afraid, that's all. But rather than let your fear overtake you, turn its energy to your advantage.
 If you have children, their difficulties may remind you of your own, Sagittarius. Or it may simply be that their education brings back memories of yours. Are you holding onto an issue from a period in your life that still bothers you? This would be a good moment to ask yourself the question. Ask it, then answer it and put it to rest once and for all!
 Don't expect others to take much notice of your emotions today, Sagittarius. You're more respectful of theirs than they are of yours. Find peace among all you encounter. This could be difficult, since other people's wills are involved. In that case, people aren't likely to back down. Others think they're right and refuse to see things any other way.
 You have a good heart, Sagittarius, and today it expands to bestow love on all mankind. You can't help but feel connected in a deep, spiritual way with all who have come before you and all who follow. Even if you don't have a lot of money, consider setting up an annual giving plan that will benefit worthwhile causes. This would be a direct expression of your feelings and could potentially help many people.
 You can interpret today's aspects in several ways, Sagittarius. The planetary configurations correspond to a search for space, whether physical or intellectual. You may be asking yourself philosophical questions, or perhaps you're thinking of taking a long trip. What will you decide to do? Will you read Kant or plan a trip to China?
 Sagittarius, the people around you sometimes have a hard time understanding where you're going. You're living in an imaginary world that has little to do with reality. If you decide to stay home and lie around the house, you will have no problems. If you have to go to work, try to be as clear as possible with others. If you don't, your proposals could fall on deaf ears.
 Your physical energy is very high today, Sagittarius. You're likely to want to get out and exercise, perhaps jog through the park or attend an aerobics class. Be careful! You might not be as fit as you think, and trying too hard could cause minor injuries. Someone you know professionally might not be in a great mood. You could get swept up in their anger. Try to stay out of it.
 If you're in the market for romance, Sagittarius, whether with a new partner or rekindling the fire with a current partner, be careful. Small issues could rage out control today. Extreme conditions are likely to occur, thanks to your sensitive emotions combined with a surge of energy from the outside. Try not to get too upset when tension rises because of something unimportant.
 You may feel like you're on a cliff with your legs dangling over the edge, Sagittarius. You're searching for handholds while your feet struggle to support you on a tiny ledge. You may be swearing that when you get out of this predicament, you will never come this way again. Take heart. This is all part of the cycle. These necessary challenges only make you stronger and more appreciative of the easy stretches.
 Your actions may go against your rational thinking, but this isn't necessarily a bad thing, Sagittarius. Thoughts and feelings are apt to aggressively clash today, but that doesn't mean you have to be a victim of the resulting demolition. Note the big pieces that survive after the initial impact. Recognize these as your strengths and work to build them back up while leaving the smaller pieces behind.
 A community issue may come up today concerning you and your neighbors, Sagittarius. Perhaps a meeting will be held in your home. Something requires change in your neighborhood, and most of you are probably firmly united behind it. This bodes well for your future, so you will probably feel good about the entire situation after the gathering breaks up. Onward and upward!
 Today you might perform some service to people who live in your neighborhood. Perhaps you will chauffeur people around to do their shopping. Perhaps you will help people with household tasks. Pets may also need some attention. Whatever it is, you will enjoy it, and be appreciated as well. Expect to have a very busy day. You will certainly sleep soundly tonight.
 Gatherings in your neighborhood could bring new and interesting information your way, Sagittarius. A message from an acquaintance could send you down a new path toward a new goal. Relations with everyone around you 
 Your mind is likely to be going a thousand miles an hour today, Sagittarius. Thoughts and ideas are pouring into your head like rain from the sky. Some of them might be confusing and others contradictory. You might be tempted to puzzle over them until you give yourself a headache. Write them down and look at them in a day or two. Your ideas are more likely to make sense to you then.
 Your imagination is working overtime today, Sagittarius, and you might spend hours at a computer writing or in front of an easel or piano creating your own brand of painting or music. This drive to create comes from the heart and shouldn't be ignored no matter what other issues come up. Take care of whatever needs to be handled and then follow your inspiration. You may be surprised at what you produce!
 Discoveries made through occult sciences such as astrology or numerology could see you embrace some rather revolutionary ideas about yourself, the world, and life. You could become involved with a group associated with metaphysical studies or take a class or workshop of some kind. This could mean a new direction for you in some way, Sagittarius. It might greatly enhance your life and thinking.
 Someone you've been expecting to call might not do so today, Sagittarius, and this could worry you a little. Don't be too shy to pick up the phone and call. Your friend may have overslept or been too overwhelmed by work or visitors. You haven't been forgotten. If you phone, this person will undoubtedly be glad to hear from you. After the conversation, go for a walk in your neighborhood.
 Group activities are probably very much on your agenda today, Sagittarius. You could go to a meeting or lecture and later go out on the town with a group of friends. Don't be tempted to eat or drink too much. You'll likely regret it tomorrow. An unexpected sum of extra money could come your way. Don't spend it all in one place. This is a great day to concentrate on having fun 
 This is a good time to put things in writing, Sagittarius. Your gift with words is apt to shine today as you write a proposal, email, or love poem. You're able to communicate very well when you put your sensitive emotions aside and concentrate on what you think instead of what you feel. Expand your influence by focusing on those things that require a more cerebral approach.
 You will feel much better about yourself if you get things done today, Sagittarius. Like a meal that tastes good but isn't necessarily good for you, you might enjoy this day by being lazy, but you won't feel so good when night comes and you realize that you haven't accomplished anything. Use the day productively so you have a sense of fulfillment by tonight.
 Your best plan of attack today is to not attack at all, Sagittarius. There is enough aggressiveness out there. You don't need to add any more to the fray. Let others duke it out. Your job is to wait until the dust settles. Try not to get involved in other people's disputes. You might get dragged further into the situation than makes you feel comfortable.
 Make sure your opinion doesn't get lost in the frenzy of the day, Sagittarius. Your words may not quite fit with the things that people want to hear. Try not to take this personally. Realize that this isn't an indication that your words are any less important. You have an incredible gift of being able to see things that others can't. Cherish and nourish this ability instead of invalidating it.
 Don't let fear of failure or fear of success hold you back, Sagittarius. Even though you may feel a natural tendency to want to shrink into the background and take the easiest route, you might be sacrificing your true purpose when you do. Become the leader instead of following the leader. Rid yourself of all fear and take control of your destiny.
 Jump
 An exciting rush of physical passion could hit you today when you're introduced to an interesting new person, Sagittarius. Take care not to wear it on your face. You generally don't like to reveal that much of yourself! Besides, you won't want this person to think you're too obvious. Try to stay focused and remain objective. Then consider whether it's a good idea to pursue this attraction.
 This is the right moment to extricate yourself from relationships that have seen their day, Sagittarius. This won't be easy, but you must. In your professional and private lives, you're too hesitant to get out of distasteful situations or obligations. You're afraid of hurting people or making them mad. But in the end, you're hurting yourself. Give more weight to your own needs and follow your own path.
 Expect many advantageous changes to take place in your community, Sagittarius. New businesses could open their doors, interesting neighbors could move in, or some necessary repairs could finally get done. You might spend a lot of time in the car or on the phone and spreading the news. An exciting proposition may come to you or someone close to you through a letter, email, or phone call.
 A warm and loving communication could come to you today from someone close. This could be an email, call, or even a gift of some kind. This could make your day, Sagittarius, and you will probably pass whatever good feelings you draw from it to other friends and family members. Take a walk around your neighborhood and say hello to whomever you meet. It will make you feel even better!
 Some people who share your interests could visit your home today. You might want to take a walk or otherwise exercise together, but you will probably get into some stimulating debates. Don't be surprised if everyone talks at once! New books that you will want to read could come to your attention. In the evening, rent some videos on whatever subject you've discussed.
 Vague aches and pains could have you feeling a little under the weather, Sagittarius. You may not be able to discern why you have these pains, since there's no apparent reason. Don't assume the worst. Your condition is probably just due to a little intensified nerve strain and extra stress. Take it easy and relax today. Go back to your usual routine tomorrow.
 Although you may find it hard to express yourself in some ways, Sagittarius, the one avenue that's completely wide open today is art. Difficult tension is laced with emotional insecurity, making it hard for you to express your feelings. If you feel that this is the case, find some other means of expressing these emotions. A large canvas and some paints will work quite nicely.
 You may be wondering whose shoulder you should cry on, Sagittarius. Usually yours is the shoulder that everyone else likes to use. The collar of your shirt is probably soaking wet by now, thanks to all the tears that have spilled on you. Your compassion for others is definitely one of your biggest strengths, but be aware of the fact that it can also be one of your biggest weaknesses.
 Appreciate the good things you have today, Sagittarius. Don't let another day go by without really paying homage to the people who've helped you grow along the way. Take a walk. Climb a tree or help a child build a tree house. Connect with your spiritual side that finds satisfaction in where you are now instead of always feeling a need to search for something bigger and better.
 Your dreams work out quite nicely in your head, Sagittarius, but the problem now is how to turn them into some sort of real life scenario. Be careful of taking too intellectual of an approach. When it comes to relationships, things don't normally happen logically or rationally. You're going to have to leave a great deal up to chance, so just learn to deal with things as they come.
 The planetary energy might find you responding to a sudden sense of inspiration that arouses your creativity. You may feel an unexpected urge to write, paint, draw, or compose some music. You may want to sequester yourself, which could cause some problems with friends and family members who want to be with you. Don't ignore this impetus, Sagittarius. As you know, inspiration can vanish as quickly as it comes.
 Engage more of your rational mind today, Sagittarius. If your mind continues on its track into a fantasy world, you might consider enlisting the help of people who can help you bring some discipline to your situation. For you, the general feeling of the day is likely to be that the mind is willing but the flesh is weak. Let others help you get inspired to get out of lazy mode.
 This is a good time to take a stand on an issue that you may have been vacillating about lately, Sagittarius. People will lose confidence in you if you can't seem to make up your mind. What they don't realize is that you've been working overtime to process all the information. Now it's time to express orally what you've discovered mentally.
 Today may be one of those days in which you come to a four
 Happiness reigns in the home right now, Sagittarius. Money comes pouring in from bonuses, salary from extra hours, or gifts. You may be considering spending some of this money on either adding to or refurbishing your home. If you're having trouble making a decision, consider consulting a decorator. There is great harmony within your family. You seem to understand each other on an intuitive level.
 Don't let yourself be manipulated by needy friends, Sagittarius. With today's planetary energies, it's a good time to think about setting clear boundaries. You know which friends are there for you and lift you up and which ones tend to drain all your time and energy with the constant need for your immediate attention. Try saying no. You can't fix other people's lives for them anyway. Think about it.
 You will probably encounter a bit of opposition along with today's planetary energies, Sagittarius. Even those who are usually right behind you will seem uncooperative. Try not to let this faze you too much. Resolve to follow your own instincts and work alone if need be. Once you've had a chance to advance your ideas further along on your own, you can present them again.
 A public gathering of some kind could attract you and your family tonight, Sagittarius. Perhaps you will arrange to meet some friends there. You may feel good just being out with those you love, but you're likely to be tired by the end of the event. Make sure you fortify yourself with nourishing food during the day. Take care of yourself so you can have some fun.
 Happiness reigns in the home as everyone feels the energy changing, Sagittarius. It seems that the end of one cycle brings closure, and now you're free to start a new journey of rebirth. You, above all, are apt to feel a powerful rush of intuition, which could reveal positive events coming up for you and those close to you. A few doubts may cloud your impressions, but let them go.
 A class or lecture of some kind could bring you exciting new information today, Sagittarius. This could keep your mind buzzing for hours, particularly since you may also meet some interesting people with whom you can discuss this subject for hours. Make the effort to take a walk and clear your head at some point during the day or else you might be too mentally charged up to sleep.
 You're ready for something new and different, Sagittarius. What better time than during the current transits to put into practice what has only been a dream? You may decide to work for yourself or ditch one relationship in favor of another. You want the changes you implement to be brash and far
 A prayer or meditation group could meet tonight, Sagittarius, and you may get carried away with the spiritual dimensions these meditations take on. You feel comfortable with the people in this group, and you're grateful for the friendship and support they provide. Be with this feeling tonight, and try to hang onto it for as long as you can. It can help you through some rough times.
 Your phone may seem haunted today, Sagittarius. Calls might be filled with static, you could get some phantom rings, or callers may insist they tried to call when your phone never rang. There probably isn't any supernatural force at work, but it might be a good idea check with your phone company. There could be problems with your equipment.
 Expect to receive interesting communications today, Sagittarius. You might hear from a long
 Is your significant other caught up in family problems and unable to spend time with you? Don't let your insecurity get the best of you. Your partner needs to deal with family now. Relax, do what you want to do, and have confidence that you'll be spending more time together as soon as possible. After dealing with family quarrels, you'll be a peaceful refuge for your partner.
 Inspiration could hit today, Sagittarius. It's a beautiful feeling, but you might not be sure how to channel it. It could represent a spiritual breakthrough, artistic inspiration, increased understanding of others, or all of the above. What's almost certain is that you'll want to spend time alone to take it all in and figure out how to use it. Don't dismiss any possibility, however outrageous it may seem.
 Be on your toes today, Sagittarius, and expect the unexpected. People may be acting out in rash, outlandish ways, so go with the flow. As usual, you have a tremendous ability to roll with the punches and still come out unscathed. Just take care that someone else isn't grabbing the reins. Stay laid
 The opportunity to fly somewhere might come up today, Sagittarius. Career changes are in the wind, and while they might seem rather unsettling at first, they'll be positive in the long run. This could involve a raise or promotion, transfer, new job, or even new career. Don't fight it. It might be scary, but it's a blessing in disguise. Go with the flow.
 Have you been thinking about changing careers, Sagittarius? You might hear of some opportunities today, possibly through a colleague. This could be the right time to make a change. Positive professional developments are indicated for you. List your options and then do some research on each one. You might be headed toward some exciting possibilities.
 Communication is likely to be warm, informative, and companionable today, Sagittarius, and you'll probably grow closer to those around you because of it. Your inspiration and imagination flow freely, and you're likely to want to channel much of your energy into creative projects. You may also want to phone a friend who shares your artistic interests.
 Things flow well for you today, Sagittarius, so bask in any sunshine that this day offers. Your intuition is especially strong and you have an uncanny ability to pick up on other people's feelings. Your nurturing gifts are in high demand by those around you. They'll need a sensitive shoulder to lean on. Just make sure you don't lose yourself in the process. Save some energy for you.
 Your fantasy life is especially active today, Sagittarius, so enjoy this little break into your dream world. Coming back to reality may be difficult. Keep tabs on your emotions so they don't get the better of you. The impressions you receive from the outside world may not be accurate today. Keep your wits about you and try not to get caught up in drugs and alcohol.
 An opportunity to bring in extra income might arrive today, Sagittarius, possibly through a female friend. Another Sagittarius might be involved. This probably involves a special, temporary project, but it could prove enjoyable and profitable. A love partner might want to participate, too. Think about it before committing. Talk to people who have done this before. It's worth a try, anyway.
 Some disconcerting revelations about your past or the past of someone close to you could come out today. This might be a bit of a shock, Sagittarius, but it's a positive development nonetheless. It will shed some light on how to deal with current issues in your life or a relationship. Write down your thoughts, meditate, talk to a friend, or otherwise try to make sense of it.
 Artistic talents are greatly increased by fresh, deeply felt inspiration. Today you may spend much of your time giving material form to your ideas. You're intuitive by nature, but today your psychic gifts are operating at a high level. Don't write off any insights you receive. Instead, write them down. Don't forget to keep paper and pen next to your bed. You'll want to remember your ideas and dreams later.
