 Today you could feel especially adventurous, Scorpio. You might be tempted to take part in risky adventures like hiking in the wilderness. This isn't a good day for it. Plan a trip for the near future if you want to, but today it's better to sublimate your adventurous nature by reading thrillers, watching spy movies, or exploring places close to home.
 Today your creativity might be stimulated by some free time, Scorpio. You can try and save it for later, but you may not feel the same way then. Try to apply your creativity to a faster or more efficient way to do a particular job or make a dull job more exciting. If you can't give in to that urge now, write down your ideas and plan to return to them soon.
 Don't be surprised if you're pensive, Scorpio. It's one of those days when daydreaming can happen more readily. Your imagination may also be at a peak. Rather than fighting this so you can be more productive, jot your ideas down. It may be to your advantage, as better and innovative ways of doing things can pop into your mind. Take time to ponder. It can bring great results.
 A strong desire for new romance, whether with a new or current partner, could prove overwhelming today, Scorpio. You might be tempted to do whatever it takes to attain it. Don't plunge ahead 
 Take care of yourself if you feel tired, Scorpio. There's no shame in slowing down or taking a day off if it's needed. If you can spend a day in bed, go for it. This can be more restorative than you know. If some things must get done, delegate or work on a laptop in bed. Take heed when your body tells you it's had enough. Give yourself the rest you need.
 Try not to push away the very people who are there to help you, Scorpio. Dumping your problems on others may be the thing that does just that. Recognize your uncomfortable feelings, but don't burden others with them. Your happiness is your responsibility. You'll feel much better about yourself if you take care of your own discomfort. Then you'll attract the people you love.
 Consider putting your problem
 Don't be surprised if you're a little weepy today, Scorpio. The day's planetary influences could enhance your sensitivity to everything, including your feelings. Let yourself cry if you need to 
 Your hard work is paying off in ways that may not be noticeable to you now, Scorpio. Things are flowing naturally, and you seem to have all your responsibilities under control. You may not be aware that this is so since it's easier to see when something's wrong than when something's going well. Take time to appreciate the incredible things you've created for yourself thanks to all your effort.
 It's time to step up to the plate and take responsibility for the things you want to have happen, Scorpio. It's one thing to talk about great visions and dreams, but the bottom line is that they'll continue to remain abstract concepts unless you work to develop them into something solid and tangible. Test this theory for yourself today.
 You might put a lot of effort into the appearance of your house. Some people you'd like to impress could visit your home tonight, Scorpio. You should be especially intuitive now, so don't be surprised if you anticipate what they'll say before they say it. Make it work for you! Success through entertaining and the astute use of intuition are highly indicated.
 Keep up the positive self
 Today you might be eagerly awaiting a phone call that never seems to come from a current or potential romantic partner, Scorpio. This could awaken your insecurity and cause you to think the worst. You should be relieved when the call finally comes, probably in midafternoon. Relax, hang in there, and keep busy!
 You may decide to duck out of extra responsibilities today, Scorpio, perhaps to have a private celebration at home with your love partner! The fun might be delayed if your beloved is unexpectedly called away for a while. Just remember that quality is better than quantity!
 Today represents a beginning in many ways. A friend from the past could reappear in your life, Scorpio, and bring up memories both pleasant and disconcerting. Don't worry too much about it. This probably represents a much
 Lucky you! An unexpected break could come your way that gets you started in just the direction you've wanted to follow. This could involve love, career aspirations, or simply a new way of living that you've been longing to experience. Friends might play a major role in this process. Move ahead cautiously, but move ahead. Breaks like this don't come very often!
 Have you been expecting an important letter, Scorpio? If so, it may not arrive for a while. If it doesn't appear today, call the person who sent it and ask for a duplicate because the original could be lost in the mail. Better to have two copies than wait for one that will never come.
 Some wonderful news may come to you today, Scorpio, and this could send you into such excitement that it's difficult to concentrate on the situation at hand. This is OK for a while. Your friends and loved ones will probably understand. But at some point you need to come down to Earth! Take a walk and work off the excitement. That might be just what you need.
 Your four walls could seem to be closing in on you today, Scorpio. You might feel that you'll go crazy if you don't get out for a while. But responsibilities may keep you indoors anyway. It's important to get out. Take a brisk walk around the neighborhood, run a quick errand, return a book to the library. This should bring some relief, at least for now.
 Embrace your loved ones, Scorpio. Let your heart lead the way. Things will flow your way if you let them. Don't try to fight the good fortune that comes. If you try to force the door open, it won't budge. Knock gently and it will open by itself. You mind is quick today. Get things moving in a positive direction. Jump on the uphill spiral to success.
 By jumping around from place to place, Scorpio, you may end up feeling like you're getting nowhere. Instead of tackling many different tasks, today is better spent focusing your energy on one. Start from ground level and work up. Get to the root of the problem and many of the related issues will simply dissolve as you work.
 Life is helping you out at the moment, Scorpio. You might chalk it up to some divine power. Whatever it is, your guardian angel is always by your side. Perhaps you'd like to begin something new in your life, like moving or changing lifestyles. At the moment you can do anything you want to do. It will all work out just fine!
 You may be thinking about everything you need to do to improve your work situation. You've made your demands clear, but no one seems to be paying attention. Maybe you've approached the wrong people. This could be just the excuse you've always needed to become your own boss. You have creativity and sound business ideas, Scorpio. Why not see if you can combine the two?
 Scorpio, do you feel like you're in a video game and about to get eaten by a monster? Today you should try a new game 
 People may be coming on strong, but you will be right there to meet them with an equally powerful rebuttal, Scorpio. The problem is, the person who confronts you is talking about apples and you're talking about oranges. Get off your soapbox for a minute and listen to the real issue. Don't get caught in misunderstandings or things could backfire later.
 Follow your heart instead of your wallet, Scorpio. Start with yourself and choose where to spend your resources. Take an active role and be on the lookout for opportunities to grab hold of and profit from. You may find a conflict going on in your world. Stand up for what you believe in and don't be afraid to rock the boat.
 Mind your manners, Scorpio, and open doors that you've never opened before. Maintain your principles and integrity as you venture forth into worlds unknown. Don't write people off without giving them a fair chance. Don't judge others. Give them an equal amount of respect. It may be hard to maintain a solid footing today, but you should try.
 You may feel a great urge to dive headfirst into a project, Scorpio. Perhaps there's a plot of ground that you want to turn into a garden. Dig your hands into the soil. Maybe there's a craft or art form that you can't wait to learn about and develop. Be careful that you don't start too many different projects and leave them all unfinished.
 You may feel as if someone or something has just reformatted your hard drive, Scorpio. Suddenly things are running much more smoothly. The key now is to find the discipline and organization to understand this new system fully. Streamline your thoughts and be more efficient about how you use your energy. You'll be more effective overall if you can keep from scattering your resources.
 Today is a great day for you. You should communicate a lot, Scorpio. Talk in riddles and say your sentences backward. Be fanciful and outlandish. Most of the information will be relayed in a nonverbal manner. Let your wild side shine through. Wear the wackiest thing in your closet. Don't give in to the social norm just because it's the thing that has been done repeatedly.
 Engage in lively activities with friends who keep you abreast of the latest in culture, Scorpio. See a movie, go to a bookstore, or visit a museum. This should be a fun time in which you can bounce ideas around and explore your thoughts and feelings. Be careful that your conversation doesn't lapse into gossip. Don't let everyone else's affairs suddenly become more important than yours.
 You may feel like you're doomed if you do and doomed if you don't, Scorpio. You may feel very opinionated about a certain issue, but you know that expressing yourself is likely to cause someone else to feel threatened or upset. But if you keep these thoughts to yourself, you're going to feel resentful and perhaps even used. You're better off expressing yourself honestly.
 There may be something or someone trying to slow you down today, Scorpio. Maybe this is a sign that it's what you need to do. Don't fight the urge to sit on the couch and do nothing. Take this day to soak in a hot bath and recharge your spirit. Your personal possessions and security are of great importance now. Indulge in the good things that life has to offer.
 Your creative nature is at a peak today, Scorpio, and the artist within you is tempted to come out and play. Indulge in a fantasy world that makes you happiest. Escapism may be a necessary element to the day in order to balance all the hard work you've been doing. Express yourself creatively through whatever means available.
 Be aware that you might feel overshadowed or that your efforts won't be recognized, Scorpio. You could feel like you do all the work for others and get nothing in return. The key is to make sure that you do the things you do because you want to. Do them for you. Don't do them for others because you expect that they will do something for you in return.
 Scorpio, expect to meet someone new who will be a tremendous influence in your life 
 Don't deny your emotions today, Scorpio. They will be of great use to you. There's an intensity about your feelings that's helping you stay strong in just about every situation. Opportunities lie within groups of people. Shared enthusiasm for a task makes the job go more quickly. Join others in the pursuit of prosperity.
 What's happening in your usually amicable relationships, Scorpio? It seems you're looking for a fight. Could it be that someone has stolen a leadership position from you that you wanted? You tend to like being at the head of the group, and now you're confronted by resistance. So get involved in a new group project so that everyone will be reconciled. Think about going on a trip.
 A previously untapped talent may emerge today, Scorpio. You could decide to train this talent and create a new skill that can help you with just about any type of work you'd be doing. This is the day to do this. You should be full of energy and enthusiasm, capable of assuming any formidable task. You should be feeling physically strong and well. This is a day of challenges and new enterprises.
 Your opinions might be the focus of conversation all day, Scorpio. You have a very strong will that you aren't afraid to express. You will get that chance. Enlighten others with your wealth of knowledge. Take control of the conversation and accept the mental challenge of trying to win other people over to your side. Whether you're successful or not, you will have a good time trying.
 Today is one of those days in which you have a terrific opportunity to break free of normal, everyday life, Scorpio. Don't feel badly if you don't know exactly which way to go. Follow your gut feeling. Whichever way you decide to go will probably be right. Your forceful, erratic approach may actually be the perfect method to use in order to get exactly where you need to be.
 Today is one of those days in which prosperity is much closer than you think, Scorpio. You may know what you seek, but it's up to you to take the first step toward going after it. You're probably looking for solid answers to your deep, probing questions. Don't let your inquisitive mind rest until you find answers that ring true for you.
 You're a kind, caring individual, Scorpio. Today your concern for others may be so strong that you take steps to do something concrete to save, if not the world, at least a few of the individuals in it. You may hear of a worthy cause that's about to fold for lack of volunteers. You could turn out to be just the savior they need. One person truly can make a difference. You can prove it today.
 You might find that others have a "me first" attitude that doesn't sit quite right with you, Scorpio. You may need to wake them up and say, "Hey, what about everybody else?" Try not to whine as you deliver this message. Desperation or complaining will get you nowhere. Be friendly and jovial in your approach and you will have the world at your feet.
 Find comfort in your work today, Scorpio. Although it may sound ridiculous, checking things off your list is the most rewarding activity today. Try not to be too critical of others. Focus on your tasks. Mountains that seem too daunting to climb will continue to grow bigger until you take the first step upward. Your perseverance will inspire others.
 It's important to take action on a day like this, Scorpio. Trust yourself and your instincts. Often you have the perfect counsel for everyone but you. Keep in mind that you might have to turn to others for the best advice for you. Talk things out and then take action. Hesitation will only have negative consequences. You have all the facts you need.
 Get up early and get working, Scorpio. You have a lot of emotional and physical energy that should help you accomplish whatever you need to do. The planetary energy is on your side. Take advantage of it to say what's on your mind and get a step closer to wherever you need to be. Your active, receptive nature is prominent. You should be able to find a healthy balance between giving and receiving.
 If people start to hassle you today or give you a hard time about your appearance, pay them no mind, Scorpio. You have the right to live your life any way you want. If that means you want to go around the house in a grubby shirt and sweatpants that haven't been washed in months, so be it. Be the person you want to be.
 Stop hiding behind your intellectual barrier, Scorpio. Playing games will get you nowhere. True strength is standing up and demonstrating that you can say what you feel in any situation, especially regarding a close loved one. If you feel the need to say something, say it. Don't wait until the situation escalates to an unhealthy argument before you finally get your feelings out.
 This is an excellent day for you, Scorpio. Celebrate. Your ego is strong. Beautiful things are flowing your way. You should enjoy a good mood that will attract favorable people and situations to you. There's virtually no limit to the expansiveness of this day. One thing to watch out for is arrogance. Be proud but not obnoxious.
 Pay attention to the news today, Scorpio, and not just the mainstream news but the offbeat, smaller publications, too. Question what you hear and read. Take an active role to increase your knowledge of the world. Take responsibility for your citizenship by keeping an eye on what's going on. Information is an important part of gaining power.
 An emotional issue could be rubbing you the wrong way, Scorpio. Your impulse is to escape. Try to do so in a healthy manner. Go see a movie or read a book. Don't fall prey to the temptation to indulge in alcohol or food. This will only push the problems away temporarily. When they resurface again, they may be even harder to handle.
 Your new approach to things might get some flack from superiors today, Scorpio, but don't let that stop you. Realize that your independent and somewhat rebellious nature helps to keep the world in balance. Don't give up the fight when authorities insist that their way of doing things is best when in fact it's simply old. Use your will and determination to combat the forces from above.
 Say what's on your mind, Scorpio, but don't take offense if no one seems to listen. Don't bulldoze your point through. Whiners aren't popular, either. Concentrate instead on your aspirations and push yourself to the limit. You might have been talking a lot lately, and getting those ideas out there is great. Now is the time when you need to lay some groundwork in order to realize those ideas.
 Heightened intuition could lead to some interesting conversations, Scorpio. Others could be blown away by your insights into their thoughts, feelings, and desires. You could also feel more expressive than usual. You might want to channel some of that inspiration into writing, speaking, or some other form of self
 This may be one of those days when you don't know which way to turn. For some reason, you just can't make a decision, so you keep going around and around. Stop and rest. Get out and walk for a while until your head stops spinning. Wait until your mind clears before you make your next major move.
 Confusion over money matters might arise, Scorpio. You may need to check your records to shed light on past transactions. Don't worry. All should be well once you ascertain the facts. You might have some intense dreams tonight. Write them down. You will want to remember them later, because they might reveal a lot about your current situation. They may also inspire future projects.
 You might host a social event in your home tonight, Scorpio. You may be nervous at first, wondering if all will go well. Your efforts should produce the results you want. You might be introduced to new contacts, which could lead to increased professional opportunities. Take a walk after everyone has gone. Your mind will be going a thousand miles an hour and you will want to clear your head.
 You could be on a real emotional high today because of your success and that of other household members, Scorpio. Your mind may be buzzing with ideas for future expansion, some of which may not be all that workable. However, you should allow yourself a few flights of fancy. Tomorrow your feet will be back on the ground and you will see things in a more practical light.
 Today it may seem like home and family responsibilities are interfering with your social life, Scorpio, including a get
 Strong intuitive rapport with someone who lives far away could create a desire to contact this person. This is a good idea, Scorpio, as this person may be going through a positive transition in life and eager to share the news. This communication could bring you closer together, so go for it. Whatever is happening with your friend could spill over into your life in some way.
 A check you may have been expecting in the mail may be delayed, Scorpio, and you might not be able to contact whoever is sending it. You could worry over whether or not you will get it at all. This could be a classic case of getting worked up over nothing. The delay won't cause any lasting problems, just inconvenience and frustration. Hang in there. The money will come.
 Secrets that someone close has been trying to keep hidden could come out today, Scorpio. This may or may not be something Earthshaking, but either way, some quick damage control might prevent them from becoming common knowledge. The people around you are more understanding than you know, so express how you feel. By tomorrow it should be old news. Take care of business and all will be well.
 Today's powerful astral phenomena will encourage you to develop your skill as a visionary, Scorpio, no matter what you do with your day. You're one of those rare people who can sense before anyone else the changes that will happen in the world. Let these feelings encourage you. Use them to believe in tomorrow.
 Go for the gold, Scorpio. Don't settle for less. There's an expansive energy on your side urging you on to prosperity in every aspect of your life. Take control of the situation and act on your emotions. Don't refrain from doing something because you think it's going to hurt someone's feelings. Other people can take care of themselves. You're responsible for you. Do what's best for your well
 Things might reach a climax in some way today, Scorpio. Set aside time to think about what you can do to love yourself. Maybe you've been thinking so much about group needs that you've failed to think about how to take care of yourself. Preaching your ideas and values to others means nothing unless you apply them to yourself.
 There may be tremendous changes in store for you, Scorpio. Connect with something futuristic and far out. There may be some roadblocks in the way. Maybe your heart is impeding your progress. You don't need another person to fill in any voids in your life. Your confidence is what you need to bolster your self
 Don't say anything about someone behind his or her back that you wouldn't want to say if the person were standing right next to you, Scorpio. Feelings are easily hurt on a day like this. People will instinctively know that you've been saying negative things about them. Come clean with any confessions that you might need to make toward someone you love. Be honest and open with your feelings.
 Today may be quite emotionally intense, Scorpio. Your greatest gifts may get you into trouble on a day like this, but that doesn't mean you should stop being yourself for even one minute. There's a great deal of important information to exchange, so remain open to all opportunities and possibilities. Meet the world with open arms.
 You may feel your life is full of uninteresting people. You think they're all alike and fit perfectly within a conservative society. You don't want to be like them and would prefer to meet unusual individuals, people who differ from the crowd. They aren't too far away. You just need to make an effort to look for them.
 Today you may have a difference of opinion with a relative. You will try to resolve this problem. You will be irritated by this present situation, and almost feel that your relationship has been altered for good. There is probably just a lack of communication between you. You have to try to work things out together.
 You're attracted to eccentric individuals with very strong personalities. But realize that behind this attraction lies a very strong need for freedom, Scorpio. In your life, freedom is more fantasy than reality. The time has come for you to do some soul searching. Try not to hide from the realities of your life.
 Your expansive nature is reaching out to others, Scorpio, but you may run into opposition. Keep in mind that not everyone wants your advice. Give it only if someone asks for it. It may be in your nature to want to jump into people's lives and fix things. Resist that temptation. What people may need instead is someone to listen.
 Be a pioneer in your world today, Scorpio. Go on an adventure with a courageous spirit. Your emotions are fired up and ready to go. Your instincts are ready for a new challenge. If anything slows you down today, it will be your rational thinking. Your self
 You will be able to think clearly today, Scorpio. Do the best you can with what you have to work with. Do your thing and let people do theirs. Don't dwell on others' dramas. You should enjoy a good working relationship with mechanical objects, and it's a great time to invest in a new gadget or appliance for your home. Don't be a cheapskate. Spend to make life easier.
 Today is an excellent day for you, Scorpio. Events will flow quite smoothly. The only thing to be aware of is that your emotions may seem rather erratic and unwieldy. There's a great deal of power behind your words and people are sure to listen. They would be smart to do so. What you have to say will be right on target with today's energy.
 Don't get sad if no one is laughing at your jokes today, Scorpio. It doesn't mean you aren't funny. It just means that people may not be in the mood to laugh. Ridiculous as it seems, today is simply a better day to cry. Let out all your pent
 Many people spend their whole adult lives trying to discover their true self, Scorpio. A great deal of social conditioning by parents and our environment plays a role in shaping our minds. Realize that many of these influences don't necessarily ring true with your inner self. Take this day to uncover some of those early influences and discard the ones that don't belong to you.
 This is one of those days in which you need to act or else you will be acted upon, Scorpio. Stubborn, aggressive forces are working counter to your aims. You will find yourself swept up in the thick of things if you aren't careful. Don't get too worried about what other people consider wrong. Have confidence in what you know is right.
 Get your favorite music out of the closet today, Scorpio. Have a dance party in your living room and liven things up with some freshly cut flowers on your table. This is a great day to direct your energies outward into the world. Go on a radical adventure that you didn't think was possible. Plow headfirst into new projects and let your good luck carry you through. Don't worry about the details.
 There may be a battle between old and new in your world today, Scorpio. A reserved and old
 Spend time with good friends today, Scorpio. Share dinner with people you love and feel free to be generous with the food and drink. You have the ability to control just about every situation. Remind others that they're part of a greater whole and that working together is the key to accomplishing great feats. Inspire others to be the best they can be.
 Strong forces may act up today and ask you to stand up a little straighter than usual, Scorpio. Keep your shoulders back and be proud. Don't think any less of yourself just because there is disagreement between you and others. Maintain respect for your opinions. Say things with confidence and don't back down, but be prepared to defend your views.
 The pace will be jumping today and your wit and cheerful words will be welcomed in almost every setting you enter, Scorpio. Do things with others and see what kind of "trouble" you can stir up together. This is a time to get out and be social. Beautiful things and relaxing music are all favored on a day like this. You can do no wrong by just being your usual, outlandish self!
 This may feel like a day made just for you, Scorpio. You're emotionally strong. You feel like you're able to leap tall buildings in a single bound. Tackle all those projects you love but have been too scared to start. You have a great deal of energy and confidence in your favor. You will succeed in almost anything you try, so don't waste this moment by just watching TV.
 The cosmos will ask you to make more of an effort, Scorpio. To do so means you will have to come back down to Earth and join the rest of us mere mortals. You may be cultivating your independence a bit too much. You seem to be pulling away from people. You should try to mix more and get involved in a cause that's bigger than you. Accept working with others as a necessary component of your life.
 You may have your head in the clouds today, Scorpio. At the same time, there's a need for you to keep your feet on the ground. This contradiction of energies might make it difficult to find peace, but you should find comfort knowing that this will soon end. Deal with conflicting issues the best you can. They will help you find the balance and perspective you need.
 Today isn't a good day to sign contracts or make any substantial purchases, Scorpio. Go to the grocery store, by all means, but buy hamburger, not tenderloin. Keep your money at home and safeguard your reserves. Don't negotiate about anything. No matter how good the offer sounds or how compelling the deal, walk away.
 Your enthusiasm is contagious, Scorpio, and you should do what you can to share this feeling with others. In matters of the heart, have confidence that you know exactly where you stand. You also have the map of the surrounding area and beyond. You have the ability to get to any place you want to go. Accept the power that comes from strong connections in you and with people around you.
 Spread goodwill and affection today, Scorpio. It's been a while since you let people know that you care about and appreciate them. Cards, phone calls, letters, flowers, and hugs are ways to express your feelings. Consider surprising someone with lunch, or making something special for a friend. Make time for emotional as well as intellectual expression. It keeps a healthy balance in your life.
 Freedom may be a theme for you today, Scorpio. You're beginning to question what it is you're trying to free yourself from. A person? Job? Commitment? These may be the very things you start to search for as soon as you're free of them. Trying to figure out what you want and need in life is sometimes easier said than done. Don't get stuck on one concept. Do your best to take things gradually.
 This planetary energy is going to test your recurring desire to go to the other side of the world or have a ready exit in any relationship. You do this so you won't feel trapped and, above all, so you won't be dependent. This is one of your strengths, Scorpio, but it's also one of your weaknesses. Throughout the next few weeks you will be pushed to involve yourself more intimately with others.
 There may be tension in your heart today that could be difficult to shake, Scorpio. You might find it hard to relate to people or that others aren't hearing you very well. Keep in mind that you may have to translate your thoughts in order to get your message across. Keep an open mind as you deal with others on a one
 Be careful about being driven so strongly that you fail to take into consideration the changing environment, Scorpio. Things have probably changed quite a bit since you first set out on this mission. You may have packed for sunshine and suddenly it looks like rain. Put away your sunglasses and take out your umbrella. It's important that you adapt to unexpected change.
 You may find today a bit upsetting, Scorpio. Your nurturing instincts genuinely want to assist the many people who ask for your help and advice, yet you can't shake the feeling that they're taking advantage of you or trying to make you do things you don't want to do. Yes, it's hard to be a good parent to others and yourself at the same time.
 You may be seduced by fantastic promises that offer wonderful rewards. Beware of lots of bells and whistles, Scorpio. There may be a great deal of talk but not much to substantiate such wonderful claims. Don't be surprised if people with intense emotions are stepping up to add their opinions about how you should run your life. Don't forget who's boss.
 A previously untapped talent could emerge today, Scorpio. You may decide to train this talent and foster a skill that can help you with any type of work you will do. This is definitely the day for it, as you should be full of energy and enthusiasm, capable of assuming any task, however formidable. Physically, you should feel strong and well. This is a day full of challenges and new enterprises.
 Today may start out frustrating, Scorpio. Be prepared! Some equipment might go on the blink and it could take a while to get it fixed. A temporary separation from your partner could also be disappointing. You may have a lot of physical energy for which you have little immediate outlet. Take a long walk. This would not only provide an energy outlet but also clear your head.
 Will there be change in you during the next few weeks, Scorpio? This is always the question that one asks with this changing planetary environment. It's appealing to think that you may be traveling to exotic locations or perhaps changing jobs and meeting some interesting new people. Anything is possible with these aspects. Enjoy the renewed atmosphere!
 You may have noticed for some time now to what an extent your ambitions wear you out and to what point they have become outdated. If you aspire to live an ambitious life, but also one that is calmer and more balanced, the celestial energy is indicating the moment has come to make some important decisions, Scorpio.
 You will have to expect the day to be somewhat frustrating, Scorpio. Your friends may insist that you be more cooperative and less individualistic. They could resent your refusal to be part of the team. In fact, your rebelliousness may be earning you quite a reputation! How you deal with these clashes will set the stage for your future. Think carefully before taking action.
 Communication with friends or family may not come easily today, Scorpio. An unusual level of inhibition could keep you from reaching out to others. You might try to shake this off by working too hard, even if you aren't sure exactly what you want to do. This is a good day to read, study, or work on projects in solitude. A long walk during the day could clear your head and reignite your enthusiasm.
 You may have planned to isolate yourself in order to get things done, but that won't be possible. It's like a force is destabilizing your professional life. Nothing seems to go right today. Everyone may be disagreeing, misunderstandings may crop up, things could be delayed, and communications are likely to be scrambled. You will be asked to take sides in a conflict, Scorpio. Try to stay neutral.
 There's no doubt that today will be excellent, Scorpio. You can find satisfaction that puts a smile on your face and boosts your morale. There's the likelihood that you're challenging some of your core values. While it's true that these values have stabilized your life, you may be starting to feel they're less relevant. Approval from loved ones gives you the assurance that anything is possible.
 News of unforeseen success could come your way today, leaving you reeling and breathless. You might feel a bit dazed, Scorpio, like you don't know what to do with yourself. It might take a while to gather yourself. A lot of letters and phone calls may come your way, some routine, some congratulatory. You could write or call a number of your friends. Some errands may be necessary.
 This is a climactic time for you, Scorpio. You may feel like many difficult issues are coming to a head. You may lash out and snap at people who don't deserve it. Your actions may make the issue even more difficult to deal with. The key today is to bring more balance into your life. By controlling and stabilizing your feelings, you can deal with the difficult issues that arise.
 Be flexible in your communication, Scorpio, and doors will open to you that you didn't even know were there. There's a tremendous amount of physical energy at your disposal. Don't waste it. By being rigid about your ways and insisting on doing things only according to your philosophy, you deprive yourself of the spontaneous adventures that give life the spice and variety you love.
 Most of the time you deal with the facts, Scorpio. Facts are things you can grasp, categorize, and make rational sense of. Unfortunately, today some of your facts may be challenged by one of the things you fear most 
 Your mind is especially acute today, Scorpio. You may come up with ideas for new projects. You're feeling especially motivated and courageous. Don't be surprised if you try to achieve the impossible. Friends or groups could play a strong role in whatever you try. Move ahead cautiously, but move ahead. Don't let the day's advantages pass you by.
 Today your mind is likely to be on travel, Scorpio. You might have to spend a lot of time running errands in the car. You could also be planning a long vacation, perhaps one centered on a group function or seminar of some sort. Your physical energy is high, but there's still a danger of tiring yourself out. Relax at home this evening.
 Your mother and father, or a couple you're particularly close to, could visit you today, Scorpio. Plan some distractions like movies or videos, or invite some other people over. Talking with this couple alone might result in heated discussions that accomplish nothing but get everyone worked up and stressed. Whatever happens, don't let it get you down. Everyone should feel better tomorrow.
 You won't be able to fix your indecisiveness, Scorpio. You just need to give yourself some time. The direction your life is taking isn't clear at the moment. There are great changes going on inside you. So, even though it may sound like strange advice, don't do a thing about it! Let the situation get clearer before you act.
 Scorpio, you should try to be tolerant of other people's social and political positions. You may have to deal with certain people whose personal plans are jeopardized by events beyond their control. Don't judge them. Don't immediately defend one viewpoint without thinking how the situation affects the other person's life.
 You can look forward to a day full of satisfaction, Scorpio. You may have made a strong impression on the people around you as you learned to moderate your outspokenness. Supportive friends surround you today. Everyone seems willing to listen, and they trust you implicitly. It looks as though you're finding a place for yourself!
 Sometimes you have to go back to square one if you want a situation to get better, Scorpio. This can be frustrating or even humiliating, but if the goal is to have a solid foundation on which to rebuild, it's well worth it! Don't get too attached to your professional past. You have to advance and you're too weighed down now. Let go!
 Scorpio, if you're waiting for someone to fulfill all of your needs, you may have to wait a very long time. The paradox of love is that it arrives on your doorstep in its most profound form when you need it least. So take whatever steps you must in order to fulfill yourself. If you don't, you will be eternally dependent, which doesn't suit you very well.
 Today it might be more difficult than usual for you to deal with words, Scorpio. Someone might lend you a book on a rather obscure subject that you can't understand. In fact, you might find the book 
 Some friends associated with a group you admire might take you to some kind of rally, Scorpio. This could be a lot of fun for you. You could make some new friends. You're naturally inclined toward humanitarian concerns, and these might be the focus of some animated discussions today. Take in all the information and consider it later. Right now your mind is overwhelmed!
 Do you have a tendency to give more weight to popular opinion than your own feelings, Scorpio? Maybe you only want to see movies that everyone talks about, listen to the popular music, or read best sellers. In short, your tastes are exactly like most of America's. Is this what you want? Even when you don't like a movie, you may say you do if everyone else does. Listen to your ideas today.
 You probably aren't worried about being conventional in your relationships, Scorpio. In fact, conventionality is often what causes you problems. If you're wondering what morality is and what it's based on, this is a good day to think about these questions.
 You're ready for a career change, Scorpio, or at least a change of venue. Have you considered telecommuting one day per week? That might give you the variety you seek without needing to find a new job. You may meet someone today or in the near future who will have a dramatic influence on your career decisions. Listen carefully.
 You hardly even believe in love, much less love at first sight, Scorpio, but something that occurs today may turn you into a believer. You never know when it will happen. You could be in line at the grocery store when someone catches your eye (and heart). Perhaps someone with whom you've only had a phone relationship suddenly shows up at your office. Adventure lies ahead.
 Were you planning to go shopping today, Scorpio? If you can, put it off until tomorrow. You could be tempted by too many items that seem wonderful in the store but are nothing but a bother once you get them home. If you must go, make the effort to bypass shops where you might fall into this trap. You don't want to have to make a second trip to bring back returns.
 Today you may need to be more selfless, Scorpio. You may moan about the obligations and expectations placed on you, but you do what's expected. Much to your surprise, you actually find that you get more out of the experience than you put into it. You may visit a nursing home and be charmed by stories of the war years. Keep your mind and heart open. You will be richly rewarded.
 Look to older figures for advice today, Scorpio. Seek counsel with a parent or grandparent on issues you feel strongly about. Relationships with older people are likely to go especially well, and you will find you can break through barriers that may have existed between you and a certain member of your family. Make a conscious effort to patch any rifts among your closest kin.
 If you have no significant other, Scorpio, all indications are that this will soon change. A friend may set you up on a blind date that turns out to be a real winner. Perhaps you suddenly look at a long
 You're likely feeling a desire to do something different and a little crazy. Today you may fulfill that desire by attending a group event, perhaps a concert. Or you could indulge a childhood fantasy and go to the circus. Whatever you do, take along the special someone in your life. The fun you're bound to have will be so much sweeter when shared with a loved one.
 A goal you've been pursuing may be unworkable now, Scorpio. You may have to put it on hold for a while. This could be disappointing, but think about it carefully. What other dreams do you have? Figure out which ones are most important to you and then decide which are most promising right now. Sometimes little setbacks like this prove to be blessings in disguise.
 You might be in the midst of an exciting creative project with a partner, Scorpio, and anxious to move forward so that you can present it to the public. But you might feel distracted and unable to focus on your work. Don't get too upset. These things happen. Be patient and wait until tomorrow if you have to. You will be back in the groove by then.
 Have you been exercising too rigorously lately, Scorpio? If so, you might feel some little aches and pains. Stay off your feet for most of the day. When you exercise, concentrate on stretching. Spend some time soaking in a hot tub if you can. The old saying, "No pain, no gain" has pretty much been discredited! Yoga or tai chi could serve you as well as aerobics today. Stick with those!
 It's time to take charge of your life, Scorpio. Don't rely on other people to sort out your problems. There may some anxiety in the air today that causes you to overreact to a situation that normally wouldn't faze you. You need to dig down and take responsibility for getting out of this mental or emotional jam. Don't rely on other people to do it for you.
 Emotional turmoil may overwhelm your usual objectivity and good sense today, Scorpio. Family problems could weigh on your mind, as communication between you and family members may be lacking. You might not feel in touch with what's going on. Try to encourage them to talk to you. If they won't, move on. Sometimes people want to deal with their troubles on their own. It's their choice.
 Today you feel a tug of war between desires and obligations, Scorpio. If you're smart about managing time, maybe you can satisfy both. You could be discouraged by how hard you've been working for minimal results. Take heart. You're accomplishing more than you realize. Your strong work ethic is what keeps you from having fun. Everyone needs some downtime. Work hard and then indulge your need to play.
 Love and romance are in the air, Scorpio. The flame is going to be turned up a bit in an existing relationship. Perhaps you and your partner have been in a rut lately. Today you may see your friend in a new light. Your sweetie may do something unexpected like send you flowers or romantic email messages that open your eyes to who this person really is. You remember again why you fell in love.
 A project of some kind you've been working on could be going well, Scorpio, but today you might experience a sudden rush of inspiration that makes it a lot better than you originally envisioned. This could involve effort that seems intimidating at first, but the results should be worth it. Summon all your energy and determination and get to it. You will be very glad you did!
 A social event that involves the discussion of intellectual topics could occur today, Scorpio. You could decide to go with a love partner. You're likely to enjoy the gathering so much that you may stay late into the night and then spend another hour or so discussing it with your partner. Afterward, anything could happen! In the future you will remember tonight as magical. Make the most of it!
 A new and exciting person, possibly someone from a distant state or foreign country, could come into your life today. You could spend hours talking. The conversation could make you aware of new fields of interest that you find fascinating. Whether or not you pursue this attraction depends on your situation, but at the very least you will enjoy yourself!
 Today isn't a good day to sign contracts or make any substantial purchases. Go to the grocery store, by all means, but buy hamburger not tenderloin. Keep your money in a safe place and save your reserves. Don't negotiate anything today, Scorpio. No matter how good the offer sounds or how compelling the deal, just walk away.
 You may have recently modified the material aspects of your life. Was it sufficient to stop there? More profound changes might be in order. Take a look at what motivated you to create the life you live now. Pay special attention to the choices you've made in your professional life. Are you sure you're doing what you were meant to do? Are your talents being used to their fullest?
 If you've been thinking about investing, Scorpio, this isn't the day to commit to anything. This is a great day to consider your options, study economic trends, and analyze what you want from investing. It isn't a good day to hand over the money. Land could be a strong possibility. Consult with professionals, read the papers, and look into all kinds of opportunities before committing to one.
 Your quest for the new and unconventional, the latest gadgets, and the best technology may come into conflict with a sobering force today, Scorpio. New ways of doing things may suddenly be challenged by a more traditional approach. Realize that the opposition's strength may also be its biggest downfall. It's time to do away with the old and bring in the new.
 Things are starting to lighten up for you, Scorpio, even though you may find your interactions quite heavy today. Don't run away from the feeling. More than likely it's a result of you or the other person consciously or unconsciously wanting to get closer and more intimate. Your sensitivity is heightened. Let yourself feel rather than think. It's a day for listening rather than talking.
 Go weed the garden, Scorpio. If you don't have a garden, start one. It's important for you to get into the Earth today, so roll up your sleeves and get your hands dirty. Feeling a connection with the ground is an important step in manifesting your dreams. Buy some seeds, fertilizer, and a watering can. This is a great day to create a nurturing environment in which a seed can grow.
 You may not realize the effect of your erratic behavior on other people, Scorpio. They may try to understand your viewpoint, but at times it seems you're talking in riddles. Slow down and clarify your thoughts before you dictate orders to others. You have incredible power. Learn how to harness it and become a good leader so you can make the most effective use of the resources at hand.
 Too much good food, good wine, and good conversation, Scorpio? Not that any of this is undesirable, but you may be suffering from overload right now. Maybe you'd better get some rest and give your brain some time to sort through all the information you've taken in. Now you're probably having difficulty processing it all. Don't worry. In the morning you will be able to remember anything important!
 Your intuition is operating at a very high level, Scorpio, except where your family is concerned! No matter how hard you try, you can't seem to make sense of anything anyone says, let alone does. Don't make yourself crazy over it. Ask for explanations, then barring anything destructive or nasty, let them go their own way. Sometimes people just have to learn through their own experiences.
 You may be privy to some information today that will ultimately result in financial gain, Scorpio. You may get wind of a new company and be one of the first investors. Or perhaps what you hear gives you an idea for a new product that you bring to market yourself. The outlook for you is rosy indeed, although your success won't come without putting your own skills and talents to use!
 You may want to take a day off from your obligations, Scorpio, perhaps to take care of unfinished creative projects. Chances are this may not be possible. Concerns about work issues might keep your mind occupied and distract you from the task at hand. This and possible family disagreements may have you upset. Try to remain centered and focused despite it all. It's the only way to get anything done.
 Sometimes you can be too passive and let others trample all over you. Your lack of ego is admirable, but only up to a point, Scorpio. Why let others take credit for your ideas? There could be a situation where you feel compelled to speak up. Protect your rights and defend yourself against an unethical person intent on downplaying your contribution. Hold your ground and you will be vindicated.
 With today's planetary energies, Scorpio, you can expect a lot of contact with friends. In fact, just when you thought you'd never receive another invitation or attend another party, one comes your way. Even though you may feel partied out right now, resist the urge to decline. You're likely to meet a very interesting person at this next bash.
 Talk of traveling to distant and exotic places could come up at a gathering of family and friends, Scorpio. Some of the talk is pure fantasy, but there are a few people among you who are genuinely serious about their plans. Are you considering going away for a while? If so, you might listen to what your friends have to say. It would certainly be fun if all of you went together!
 A close friend or colleague could receive special recognition for good works today. You're pleased with your friend's success, Scorpio, and grateful for your own good fortune. It seems that you also have achieved a long
 Your circle of friends is probably changing, Scorpio, perhaps too rapidly for your tastes. Some friends may be moving away, or different interests have caused you to form new friendships. Your life seems to be going well right now, but you may miss your old friends and go through temporary fits of nostalgia. Focus on the future and move ahead!
 A new piece of equipment could be delivered to the workplace and make you feel like you've received a new toy. Resist the temptation to spend the afternoon playing! You should be feeling especially playful right now, Scorpio, so this is a good time to organize or attend a sporting event. Unusual happenings throughout the day could make your head spin, so you will need some fun in the evening!
 You usually like to think of yourself as being a scientific, logical person, Scorpio, but today you may think more like a mystic. Your intuition is more active than usual, and you might come up with the same words as someone close to you. You might also feeling especially inspired to work in an innovative way. Use your intuition and go for it!
 When others can't seem to decide which way to proceed, it will become crucial that you stand up and be the deciding force, Scorpio. Be as aggressive as you need to be today in order to set things in motion. The elements are already in place. What's needed now is a bit of follow
 If you feel like you're running on reserve battery power, Scorpio, remember that you always have a reserve tank ready to kick in. Don't disregard this. It might help you to know that there's only a little time left on the clock. You work more efficiently under pressure. Just remain calm and remember that it isn't the end of the world if things don't work out exactly the way you'd like.
 The energy you put out today will most definitely fuel the fire, Scorpio, so make sure you have an extinguisher within reach. There's a spark of excitement in the air indicating that something new and different is coming around the bend. You may feel anxiety building up. Be patient and you will find that good things naturally come your way.
 You're by nature a person who likes to look toward the future. Today is a very special day for you. You might wonder what the next few months hold, Scorpio. You're trying to answer this question by looking within and coming up with insights about you and your goals that you've been too busy to see before. These will work for you and guide you in the right direction.
 Just when you thought you had love and romance all worked out in your head, Scorpio, something or someone steps in to put your heart in a whirl once again. More than likely, the intensely emotional drama of the day is a passing phase, so try not to get too worked up about it. Situations may seem life or death today, but remember that they aren't.
 You may be faced with a difficult choice today in a particular area of your life, Scorpio. It's likely the dilemma stems from a desire to follow your creative, imaginative spirit, while another part of you feels held down to things more practical and grounded. See what you can do to combine the two forces and fuse them into one powerful manifestation.
 Some strange phone calls might come your way, perhaps from people you don't know. Investments in real estate, particularly the home, should pay off now. You could also decide to make a new investment in this area. Follow your hunches, Scorpio. Don't let your usual logic get in the way! Your mind is especially receptive to messages from other realms now. Make the most of it.
 You may feel like you're on the run in some way or other today, Scorpio. It may even seem like someone is chasing you. They're right on your heels and you're doing everything in your power to stay one step ahead. Have confidence in yourself. You will accomplish everything you need to do and still finish in front of the pack. There's a great deal of high energy coming your way.
 You will get much farther than you think today, even with minimal effort, Scorpio. There are plenty of avenues to take now, so even if one is jammed, there's always another that you can reach easily. Soon you will arrive at your destination with time to spare. The trick is to keep moving. Don't get stuck in one place with your engine running.
 When you run errands today, check the bulletin boards in local businesses. You may have been longing for adventure and dreaming about getting away from it all, Scorpio, but today you might find the excitement you crave right in your community. New events, people, and businesses that you will enjoy could be moving in. You might also discover a group that shares one of your interests.
 Don't feel like you're obligated to jump through other people's hoops, Scorpio. Just because someone wants you to do something doesn't mean you have to oblige. Bend over backward for yourself and not for the entertainment of others. Freedom is an operative word for you, so make sure you exercise this right in every aspect of your life. No one else is going to do it for you.
 When it comes to love and romance, you're probably on fire, Scorpio. You have an incredible passion for love now, making you one of the most desirable catches around. Partner with someone who shares your thirst for adventure, spontaneity, and the bizarre. You need someone who can keep up with your erratic and powerful energy. If the person you're with doesn't fill the bill, look elsewhere.
 Today may be one of those days when you feel all dressed up with nowhere to go. Don't worry about the details, Scorpio. Follow your heart to a fantasyland and join the outlandish and bizarre. The answer you seek is around the corner. You may sense that it's close but yet far. This is completely understandable. Take control of your destiny and work toward the goals that you've set.
 Paperwork involving finances, Scorpio, perhaps personal, perhaps involving your employer's funds, or both, is likely to need some intense attention during the day. This doesn't necessarily imply anything negative. In fact, just the opposite. It does mean that some careful planning or budgeting is going to be required in order to make the most of your current situation.
 Your life may seem to be at a crossroads, Scorpio. A number of different possibilities could be opening up to you. The only thing that seems certain now is that changes are on the horizon. You will be facing some choices, but today isn't the day to consider them. Confusion reigns supreme. Be like Scarlet O'Hara and think about it tomorrow! You will be more focused and less doubtful by then.
 Be a friend to someone new and lend a hand to a greater cause than just your own advancement, Scorpio. Ally with people by offering your support instead of asking for it. Give more of yourself and you will find that in the long run you will receive a great deal more than you ever would have asked for. Be generous to the people around you and form collective goals that will benefit everyone.
 It may be that people are a bit upset by some of your recent actions or words, Scorpio. The offhand remark you made a couple weeks ago is catching up to you. What you may consider friendly, lighthearted sparring may actual do a bit of damage to someone's sensitive emotions, especially today. Think before you speak. Others might not have as tough a skin as they seem to have.
 Group activities like rallies or festivals could take place in your neighborhood today. You may attend, Scorpio, and you could learn some new concepts that give impetus to your spiritual growth. You may run into some old friends you haven't seen for a while. Talking with others could start your mind in a new direction. Take a walk before you go to bed tonight or you might not be able to sleep.
 A fortunate change of circumstances in a friend's life could have a positive impact on your life, Scorpio. This situation could involve a lot of adjustment, not to mention hard work. At times you may feel overwhelmed and somewhat intimidated by these developments. It's best to ignore these feelings and push on. Don't expect immediate results. They will come. Hang onto your optimism.
 All isn't quiet at home today, Scorpio. There's tension in the air. You can't shake the feeling that someone is lying. You're a peacemaker by nature, so your inclination is to suppress your suspicions. In this instance, your instincts are right. The person withholding information is doing it for your own good and will come to you once the situation has been resolved. You can all laugh about it then.
 Anticipation is often as good as, if not better than, the actual event, Scorpio. This is what you experience today as you and your partner plan an exciting getaway. It's a busy day, booking hotels and airline tickets, but it's fun, too. You and your mate are giddy with the excitement of it all. This is just what your relationship needs.
 Imagination and insights definitely advance a project today, Scorpio. Discussions, perhaps involving money, spur you and your collaborators on to new innovative projects that might prove to be of great benefit to all. Don't let your inspiration stop there. Let the ideas and images spur you on toward new enterprises and horizons. Make the most of them in every possible way.
 Some gossip about a friend who has recently begun a new relationship could reach you today, Scorpio. This might come as a surprise, as you'd never have expected it of this person. You will be glad, because you want your friend to be happy. Don't be afraid to call and ask to hear all about it. It will be a pleasure for both of you!
 A strange conversation could take place with someone you don't know well, Scorpio. He or she could be an acquaintance from work or someone who's just arrived from far away. The talk could outline new career possibilities that you've never considered but find appealing. You might spend time thinking about it. This may be different, but these are strange times. If it feels right, look into it!
 There is considerable grumpiness in the air today, Scorpio. Everyone you know seems to be in a bad mood. However, you have the charm and persistence to pull them out from under that black cloud. Pay attention to any social invitations you receive, as you're likely to make some important professional contacts if you go.
 A phone call could come from a friend bringing great news your way today, Scorpio. This could involve the success of a project of some kind that you've both been involved with. The news should definitely be significant enough to merit a celebration. You and your friend could grab some others and go out on the town. Have a little fun! Tomorrow you can get started on the next project.
 Creative energies are flowing like a river today, Scorpio. Ideas for projects should come thick and fast. You can't wait to get started. You may even formulate plans to market them once they're done. Love and romance should also be going well for you, as intellectual discussions could bring you and a current or potential love partner closer. Have a wonderful day and make the most of it!
 There are many social demands on you now, Scorpio, in addition to the usual demands of home and work. This is when you need to be selfish and guard your time. If you try and accommodate everyone else's wishes, you will sacrifice your own. To truly enjoy your time with others, remember that you must fulfill your own needs first.
 The desire to perform a service of some kind could attract you to group activities today, Scorpio. You might attend a meeting of a group you aren't yet familiar with, and you could feel like a fifth wheel. Take heart! You will catch on soon, and the people in the group are likely to take to you. Your insights should prove valuable to them, and they will be quick to notice that!
 Some equipment that you use a lot, perhaps an appliance, computer, or TV, might go on the blink today, Scorpio. Don't try to fix it yourself even if you think you know how. Call a professional, and hang the expense. If you try to do it yourself, you might cause more damage to the equipment or perhaps to you! This is definitely a day to exercise caution. Be patient!
 All the knowledge in the world will be no match for the emotional energy in the air on a day like today, Scorpio. You may be carried away into a mystical realm where feelings take precedence over facts. Let go of reality for a while and free yourself from the hectic pace of everyday life. There's a strong pull toward the fantasy realm today, so feel free to go there.
 You may get out of bed with a jolt, Scorpio, indicative of the fact that there are forces prodding you from almost every direction. It may seem like you're in high demand, so do your best to appease those who need your attention. The key for you is not to get overwhelmed to the point where you can no longer function at all. Go at your own pace and you will meet with tremendous success.
 Travel by air seems possible today, Scorpio. The appeal of foreign countries may be too strong to resist. If you don't have a passport, you'd better apply! Friends may be planning a trip abroad and invite you to accompany them. Your sense of adventure should ensure that you won't say no, but if you're tempted to for any reason, reconsider! Travel is important to you right now.
 Romance should pick up speed today, Scorpio. You could discover that you and a current or potential romantic partner have many spiritual interests in common. You might attend some lectures or workshops on one of these subjects together. Take care not to plan too much at once. One or both of you could run into conflicts and end up disappointing the other. Schedule a few and stick to your plans.
 A get
 People may be wondering how to proceed while you're off doing your own thing. Don't go in one direction and leave someone else behind, Scorpio. In matters regarding love and romance, you may have to slow down and communicate with your partner. Take the lead and try not to get slowed down by other people's indecisiveness. You know which direction to go, so go there.
 There may be important lessons about balance that come up today, Scorpio. Make sure you're ready to handle the fire, because it will be coming at you. Egos are large, and everyone is going to have an opinion on everything. Tension may exist, but this doesn't mean you should back down from your position. Be flexible and understanding, but don't necessarily assume that you're wrong.
 Invitations to some exciting social events in your neighborhood could come today, Scorpio. You might hear from some friends who are planning to attend, so you could be enthusiastically looking forward to these events. You will enjoy getting together with your friends. Bear in mind that you could also meet new people who prove to be valuable business contacts. Make sure you look your best!
 You may feel hemmed in by the role models society currently offers. As you struggle to reach your own definition of the truly innovative achiever, other people sometimes criticize your rather liberated attitude. Just because your ideas aren't in sync with theirs in no way invalidates them. If your ideas are too radical, theirs are too conventional. There's room for both viewpoints.
 The energy of the day makes you ready for almost anything, Scorpio. Given your sometimes radical approach to whatever you do, you may need to rein yourself in. You also have a humanitarian approach to life. If the pursuit of your wants hurts others, it could create serious internal conflict. With this high energy, think your plans through before taking action to remain true to your values.
 Try to see nightmares as safe ways to understand feelings, Scorpio. No one likes to experience them, and we'd sooner forget them once awake, but the best way to ensure they don't return is to understand them. What's frightening you? Why do you feel insecure? Consider these questions and look for answers. Fear, pain, and anxiety are the most common ingredients of a real cold
 Scorpio, it's prime time to get busy. Activities that require focus or creativity will be supported. Physical strength and energy will encourage you to do something active. If you've felt sluggish, tired, or a little under the weather, today's planetary aspect can put an end to that. Consider artistic projects that take strength, such as building something out of wood.
 No dream is too big or too late to fulfill. You may be thinking about your special dreams today, Scorpio. Perhaps you aspire to do something really great, be a pioneer in some field, or be a prominent figure. Whatever it is can happen if you believe in yourself and work toward it. Don't let naysayers stop you. If you decide you can, you probably will.
 Consider putting your problem
 Don't be surprised if you're a little weepy today, Scorpio. The influence from planets can enhance your sensitivity to almost everything, including your own feelings. Take heart. It's bound to be short
 Your natural urge to innovate may seem to have vanished today, Scorpio. You may not feel like doing anything outside of routine tasks that you can do automatically. You're suffering from low biorhythms, so don't fall into the trap of thinking you're turning into a lazy bum. Relax today, and tomorrow you will be your usual energetic, inventive self. Tonight, watch some videos and forget your day.
 A love relationship that's been around for a long time could be enhanced today by an increased level of sensuality, Scorpio. Intense emotion could pervade your being, making it difficult to concentrate on much else. You will probably spend the day looking forward to when you can be alone with your beloved. The passion that pervades your lovemaking now is worthy of a romance novel.
 There's a conservative air today that doesn't fit well with your erratic, unconventional nature, Scorpio. Things might pop up to remind you that you should be a bit more disciplined in your approach. Your thoughts and emotions are perhaps a bit less controlled than usual, so take this time to become centered and evaluate the truth. Today is a good day to focus.
 Today you may feel the need to do a lot of work around the house, Scorpio. Perhaps you expect visitors or you simply want to get the place spruced up for your own enjoyment. You need to take it easy and not try to do everything at once. You could run into difficulties that require help from others who may be out. Pace yourself and control the urge to run through your chores like a steamroller.
 Perhaps you planned to attend a group event but circumstances beyond your control got in the way. Maybe it was canceled. This could cause some disappointment for you and others, Scorpio. Find something else to do. A project of your own is likely to need some attention, and this challenge could keep you engrossed for hours. Tonight, treat yourself to dinner out.
 Some professional colleagues might be coming to visit, Scorpio, and you may not be looking forward to it. You could be worried. How will it go? Will you make a good impression? Don't drive yourself crazy. It will be fine. Family members should be doing well regarding their responsibilities, although you might be a bit worried about them today. Relax. All is going to go very well.
 Today represents a new beginning in many ways. An old friend could reappear in your life and bring up memories that are both pleasant and disconcerting, Scorpio. Don't worry too much about this. It probably represents a needed release. You may also get involved with a group that has goals you embrace. New friends could also come your way. Expect a few surprises from all sides today.
 This is a fantastic day for you, Scorpio. Join close friends and share a night on the town and fine meal. This is a chance to begin a new cycle of romance. Reflect on past relationship problems, examine their causes, and toss them away so you can invite in a new, uplifting energy for the next cycle of romance. Start a new relationship or strengthen the one you're in.
 Have you been given a task to do at work that hasn't been explained properly, Scorpio? If so, you may feel at a loss. What to do? It's best to go back to the person who assigned the work and ask for more details. This could be temporarily humbling, but remember, it's better to ask a stupid question than to make a stupid mistake. Don't move ahead until you know exactly what you need to do.
 Be careful of exerting your will too strongly toward someone who really isn't receptive to it, Scorpio. Be conscious of other people's feelings. Be gentle when it comes to love and romance. You have a yellow light, which means that it's OK to proceed. Be careful that the other person is receptive to your advances. Don't come across as too aggressive and end up making a fool of yourself.
 Your inner strength and courage are tremendous today. You will find that people naturally gravitate toward you, Scorpio. Accept this flood of energy and put it to good use however you see fit. A spark of genius may hit you sometime during the day. It will have you up all night working on a new invention.
 A transformation in your circle of friends could occur today and change your life, Scorpio. Someone exciting could move in nearby, and you could hit it off. Expect stimulating conversations and fascinating new information. If you aren't currently involved, this person could be a potential romance. At least you will make a new friend. Take a close look and don't initiate things too quickly.
 You tend to prefer intellectual and philosophical rather than practical pursuits, Scorpio, but today you may feel especially practical and more inclined to want to get as many routine tasks out of the way as you can. This could involve chores around the house that you've neglected for a few days. Other members of your household could pitch in. Go to it. You will be glad you did.
 Life just seems to be smiling on you at the moment, Scorpio. Some sort of mystical force has entered your life and is enriching your contact and with other people. It allows you to make a success of anything you undertake. Luck is really on your side, and you're on cloud nine. Have you made friends with the angels up there yet?
 Watch for any errors in orientation or strategic mistakes, Scorpio. You may be having some communication problems with almost everyone today. You feel like whatever you say falls on deaf ears and that no one really wants to listen to you. Don't get frustrated. Relax and see it with humor. Just be an observer for one day and see what happens.
 Regardless of your gender, why not show a bit more virility in your relationships and actions? If you're dominated by your emotions, the day could be extremely trying for you. Protect yourself from your anxieties by talking things over with a friend or someone else close to you. This will help take some of the pressure off 
 Your energy level should be high today, Scorpio, so you're going to feel restless and spend most of your time out and about. There might be some chores you need to get done at home, but family members should help and you're apt to finish them all quickly. Paperwork might need to be completed, which could be the slowest of all your tasks. Don't get frustrated. Handle it and then have fun this evening.
 An unexpected opportunity could temporarily throw your life into disorder, Scorpio, but you will see from the start that this is a definite stroke of good luck that you shouldn't let pass. It could involve money, a chance to move to your dream home, or relationships in some way. Whatever it is, you're definitely going to be happy about it.
 Family members might not be in the best of moods today, Scorpio. Frustration with machines or friends could have tempers on edge, so try to avoid the temptation to get into arguments. The problems will be resolved and the bad moods will pass. You don't want any residual bad feelings between you and them. This is a good day to get out and spend the day in the bookstore by yourself.
 A friend might drop by and want you to keep them company while they runs errands, Scorpio. This might be a good idea, not only for the diversion from routine but also because something might happen in the course of these short journeys that points you in a new and very positive direction. Your mind could suddenly be flooded with ideas. Make the most of it.
 Do you have some paperwork regarding money that you've been putting off, Scorpio? If so, this is a good day to get it out of the way once and for all. Your mind is especially sharp and your concentration strong, so you're less likely to be distracted or make mistakes. Take care of it first thing in the morning and then you can forget about it.
 Scorpio, some volatile emotional matters that may have reared their heads over the past few days could finally be settled to the satisfaction of all involved. The subject of money may come up. Happiness reigns in the home, as all the members of your household are basically pleased with the way their lives are going. The appearance of some well
 A goal you've recently been on the verge of attaining may suddenly hit unexpected setbacks, Scorpio. However major or minor they are, it's going to be disheartening. The only thing you can do is pick up the pieces and move on. The goal isn't dead in the water. There are only some extra tasks that need to be done before you achieve it. Do what you have to, and hang in there.
 You tend to be an adventurous soul by nature, Scorpio. Today the desire to do something you've never done before could be overwhelming. You might toy with outrageous ideas like learning to skydive or bungee jump. You probably you won't go that far, but you could opt for something like river rafting or mountain climbing. You have a lot of options open to you. Think about them.
 Surprising developments in your life might bring a lot of visitors and much happiness to your home. You could host a party or other sort of gathering. This is likely to keep you very busy throughout the day, Scorpio, but you will have fun all the same. Don't let shop talk interfere with times like this. This is the time to relax and enjoy your good fortune. Use it to your advantage.
 A group of friends may invite you to attend a festival or workshop involving the creative arts or metaphysical studies, or perhaps both, Scorpio. You might resist at first, but once you get there you will find the subject and instructor captivating. Afterward, you won't want to talk about it. You will be too preoccupied with your thoughts. Write them down. You will want to remember them later.
 Some friends may put you in front of a lot of people, Scorpio, perhaps to make an impromptu speech or lead a discussion. Generally, you don't mind this, but today you're in a quiet mood and would rather stay on the sidelines. You could grit your teeth and do what they ask. But don't be afraid to tell your friends how you feel. They don't really want to make you uncomfortable.
 Wonderful news comes from far away, Scorpio, possibly involving writing, teaching, or publishing. Creativity combines with heightened intellectual ability to bring success and good fortune to your door today. You might spend the day in a daze, waiting for it to sink in, and the evening celebrating with friends. This trend is likely to continue for the next few months. Make the most of it.
 A friend may be going through some pretty big changes, Scorpio, and come to you for a sympathetic ear. The problem is that you might be a little stressed yourself and not feel much like hearing about someone else's troubles. Show some compassion. Try to listen for a little while. You might need a shoulder to cry on at some time in the future.
 What's happening in your personal relationships, Scorpio? It seems as though you're looking for a fight. Could it be that someone has stolen a leadership position out from under your nose? You have a tendency to lead any group, yet now you're confronted with resistance. You might want to get involved in a new group project. Doing so will help everyone reconcile.
 Keep your mind on the present, Scorpio. As much as you'd like to be somewhere else, your daydreaming is getting out of hand. If you're sincere in your desire to explore other lands, begin some research. For now it's better to focus on any problems that make you want to run away. Open a dialogue with anyone with whom you've had a misunderstanding. You will find this brings immeasurable relief.
 You may feel slightly bored and restless, Scorpio. If so, an opportunity may come your way today that shouldn't be ignored. You may have a chance to take a trip to an exotic locale or attend a class or lecture that will open your mind to all sorts of interesting possibilities. Just because you only have one life, that doesn't mean you can't fit many different lives into it.
 A surprising phone call or email could come your way today from a friend you haven't heard from in a long time, Scorpio. This should make you happy, as you've probably been wondering what this person was doing. Some business changes may have occurred for your friend, but possible new opportunities might also be in the cards for you. Hear what your friend has to say, think about it, and decide later.
 Today you might be temporarily catapulted into the public eye when you'd rather be alone, Scorpio. Perhaps a premonition you once expressed has actually come to pass and others want to discuss it. Maybe you will be asked to repeat a story you once told. Your friends will probably want you to entertain them. If you aren't in the mood for conversation, it's best to avoid social gatherings.
 It may feel like something has suddenly clicked into place for you today, Scorpio, because you've found the missing piece of a puzzle you've been working on. The answers may be subtle, but they're there. Fantasy and a playful attitude will lead you to them effortlessly. Spread your ideas to the world, and encourage others to join in your daydreams.
 An old friend you haven't seen for a while could suddenly reappear, and you might view this person in a different light as a potential business partner, source of inspiration, or even a romantic possibility. If this is your inclination, Scorpio, don't write it off without giving it some careful consideration. Partnerships formed today are likely to lead to success.
 Relatives or old friends, particularly seniors, who visit you today are likely to awaken childhood memories that you'd long since forgotten. Some of them might come as a shock, but they will all release hang
 Friendships or love relationships formed today are rooted as much in intellectual compatibility as emotional attraction, Scorpio. Stimulating conversations could take place with old and new friends alike. Creative projects go well. If you've been looking for some information, you should find it today. This should be a very busy, exciting day on a number of different levels.
 You might feel especially adventurous today, Scorpio, and wish to go away for a while with a romantic partner. A spiritual retreat or a workshop in metaphysical disciplines might be an option to consider. This is a good time to go, especially if you're thinking about traveling by air. You should have a wonderful time. Let go of some misgivings, experience deep insights, and make new friends.
 Business transacted today either in your home or concerning your home is likely to be successful and bring some extra money your way. You probably feel especially optimistic about this. You're looking forward to new opportunities that may come your way. Your intuition is high, so you're likely to be able to separate the wheat from the chaff where opportunities are concerned. Go for it.
 Today you might concentrate on projects. These could be related to your personal relationships. Whatever the nature of your tasks, Scorpio, don't be surprised if you find them confusing. You might be tempted to chuck it all and go out, but this isn't a good idea. Better to try to make sense of the confusion than put it off. It won't get any better with time.
 Discussions could bring some exciting information your way that alters your thinking slightly. You tend to be oriented toward social, political, or humanitarian issues, Scorpio. Today you might have the chance to put your talents to work. Someone could ask you for assistance. You have the mental and physical energy to go for it, so it's likely that you will, though perhaps not right away.
 Today you're apt to feel especially romantic. Novels, movies, and poetry about love will be appealing. If you're currently romantically involved, consider planning a special evening with your partner. If you aren't involved, you might want to attend a sporting event. Plan an enjoyable evening, Scorpio. Who knows? You could meet someone new and exciting!
 Business transactions that could take place in your home or perhaps involve the home might seem a bit unclear today, Scorpio. Before agreeing to anything, read the fine print and verify all the facts about what you're signing. Use your intuition. It's very high at this time. Family members might be confused about events in their lives, but they'll get over it.
 Unexpected visitors might throw you into a dither. You could panic over how to dress, what to say, and what to serve. Don't make yourself crazy, Scorpio. Follow your heart and go with the flow. Spontaneity is the best policy. Your guests will enjoy yourselves more if you worry less about being the perfect host. Just have fun.
 Today your sensitivity joins forces with practicality. Intuitive insights could come to you today, and you might express your new ideas to others, Scorpio. Don't be surprised if they accept them. Your unconscious mind is on a far more practical track than you may assume. Make use of this ability while you can because it might not be so clear tomorrow. Go with the flow.
 You may feel idealistic today, Scorpio. This is fine, but make sure these ideals are rooted in reality or they may be nothing more than a pipe dream. Feel free to escape to another mindset, but make sure you can still discern what's real and what isn't. This is a formative time for you in which you realize that the conventional ways of doing things aren't working anymore. Spread the word.
 You're always one to face things logically, Scorpio, and today you turn that logic, along with your intuition, toward reassessing some of your values. Your judgment is especially acute, so any decisions you make or any new avenues you want to explore are likely to be just what you need now. Relations with friends, lovers, and family should be warm, loving, and close.
 Today may start out sluggish for you, Scorpio, but by the end of the day the energy will move fast and furious. Your thoughts will be buzzing around your head like bees around a hive. An introspective and contemplative morning has filled your brain with a new wave of thoughts, which you will be eager to share with anything that has ears tonight.
 Don't sweat the small stuff, Scorpio. You may feel like something is restricting your otherwise light, witty nature, but don't worry about it. Things probably seem worse than they really are. Trust in yourself. Relations with others may not be at their best, and it may seem like your feelings are being squeezed through the ringer. Keep your chin up and work to get things done right the first time.
 Today's events may cause disruption in your routine, Scorpio. Your emotions may seem clouded, and other people may challenge aspects of your ego. Relationships with the opposite sex may not be great today, so don't try to force an issue that you know will end up in conflict. There's an air of conservatism throughout the day that may not pair well with your unconventional nature. Lay low.
 Tension may build today if you aren't careful about how you use your words, Scorpio. Remember that forces are trying to push you one way and pull you another. You may encourage a focus on the collective while others seem too worried about themselves. Yet another force is calling for outdated remedies and traditional structures that no longer suit your purposes. Blaze your own trail.
 Join others for stimulating conversation and purposeful dreaming, Scorpio. You aren't alone in your thoughts and strong opinions. Now is the time to be heard. Work toward maintaining peace by exposing truth. Take the time to create fantasy in your world by diluting the fears of reality. Make decisions based on love, cooperation, and prosperity instead of neediness, trepidation, and anger.
 You may need to let go and release your control, Scorpio. You know what you want, so just trust your intuition. If you continue to let your brain do all the work, you will probably miss valuable information that can only come when you slow down and look within. Connect with others on sensitive issues and feel free to let your guard down. Let your mind work freely.
 Things that you thought were obvious may not seem quite as clear as you'd like them to be, Scorpio. Be aware that there may be some intense opposition to your plans. Take care of other people and their emotions. You will find that a wall might suddenly go up, putting a harsh barrier between you and your goals. Consider your heart as well as your head.
 You probably need society's or other people's approval in order to feel good about yourself, Scorpio. But your original personality and way of thinking are often hard for others to accept. You may need to make your ideas less crazy and a little more down to Earth and practical. This should be your goal over the next few days if you don't want to feel left out of things.
 Scientists seem to live in a world apart from the rest of us, Scorpio, and from the events in everyday life, because they're so absorbed in other realities. This is a lot like your universe. If you were a scientist, you might do what they sometimes do 
 In general, you tend to be critical of the way the government and politicians handle social issues and institutions. Your goal isn't just to criticize, however. You would also like to see some positive changes in these areas. The aura of understanding and comprehension in the air today helps you realize that if you want the world to evolve, you're going to have to get people to react.
 There's a restrictive, sober tone to the day that may wear you down, Scorpio. The trick to working this energy to your advantage is to adjust your game plan to fit the mood. Take care of mundane chores and small obstacles. Make realistic plans and follow through with short
 Try not to be too competitive today, Scorpio. The more you try to drive your point across, the more it will meet stubborn opposition. This is a better day to observe the situation. Emotions are running high, and people aren't necessarily acting rationally. It will do no good to try to reason with someone determined to fight. Save your ammunition for something else.
 This is an auspicious time for you, Scorpio. It gives you the energy and enthusiasm to make the necessary changes in your life. There is a lot of work to do, but you're up to it! First focus on your relationships. Your loved ones don't care about your professional successes. They want (and perhaps need) to spend more time with you. Do what you can to bring your life more into balance.
 You have strong psychic vision, Scorpio. Some people might say that you're prophetic, but your gift is a combination of creativity and intuition. You can use this to benefit others, and in fact have often done so. You're known for your good advice. Have some restraint today. People are listening closely to what you say. If you advise someone to do something crazy, they might do it!
 More than likely you will be caught up in a wildly intense emotional drama if you aren't careful, Scorpio. Try to stay calm and collected. Find a quiet, solitary place where you can relax. Your energy is there, but it may be more reserved and subtle on a day like this. Be the stable oasis in the raging turmoil. Make peace with the people around you.
 Try to curb your tongue today, Scorpio. There's no reason to lash out. You will find that the more sensitive your approach, the farther you will get in your pursuit of your goals. Today might find you feeling moody, and your emotions could be running away with you. Get in touch with your feelings rather than push them away. They're probably trying to tell you something important.
 Your freedom is more important to you than anything else in your life. It's often very difficult for you to get involved, whether personally or professionally. Nevertheless, today you may have to think about it. Could it be that your thirst for freedom is just an escape? You may need to ponder this question. Who knows? You could decide to take the leap!
 You've been working exceptionally hard, Scorpio. Today is a good day to recharge your batteries. It seems everyone wants a piece of you. You may have reached the point where you have nothing left to give. It's OK to say so. If possible, take the phone off the hook and reserve the day for yourself. Sleep in, meditate, go for a walk 
 You don't live your life by society's rules, Scorpio. Your freedom is what is most important to you. But despite your independence, there are days when you have the sudden, sinking feeling that you could wind up alone in this world. Today you should really begin to think about what the word "commitment" means to you. Is it really so scary?
 People may be somewhat selfish and self
 It may be hard for you to get a project off the ground, Scorpio. Perhaps this is a sign that it needs to stay there. Take it back to the drawing board. Do some more planning and testing. Make sure that your actions are well thought out. Test the brakes before you drive down the mountain. You will find that you can accomplish a lot today if you stay focused and disciplined.
 Get the party started early in the day, Scorpio. You may be running from task to task, but this is OK. You have the ability to get a lot done by multitasking and keeping things light. As the day progresses, however, there will be a veil of restriction that slowly settles over your mood. You may find it harder to communicate your thoughts than it was earlier in the day.
 Today is a powerful day for you, Scorpio. Your emotions may be stubborn, but realize the very thing you resist is the very thing you need the most. Consider making a major change that will help bring about a healthier balance between you and the people with whom you associate. It may be time for a whole new outlook on how you deal with your relationships.
 You will find that you relate very well to others today, Scorpio, and your communication will prove to be quite valuable. You may find yourself in the position of arbiter simply because you have the detached mind that people need to resolve disputes. Take an active role in the lives of those around you, and see how your own life benefits from the generosity of your actions.
 Your emotions are soaring, Scorpio, and you should feel free to indulge in your greatest fantasies. Take a break from reality for a while. Let your inner child play. You should enjoy a greater self
 As you try to express your opinions today, you may have the feeling that someone is kicking sand in your face, Scorpio. Like a kid on the beach, you have nothing but the raw elements to use to defend yourself. Use one of your greatest gifts 
 A problem with your house 
 Spiritual goals may be at the top of your priority list now, Scorpio. You may be looking for metaphysical seminars or meditation workshops, perhaps taking place in a distant state or foreign country. You're likely to find it difficult to make a decision about any options right now. Whatever you're considering, make sure you know all the facts before making a choice of any kind.
 Self
 You can expect to be volatile today, Scorpio! No one will dare contradict you or insinuate that you've taken your ideas from others. You have the potential to get really angry. Rather than say things you might later regret, write down your thoughts. And if you do feel the need to make a speech, do it in public.
 The day ahead should be excellent, Scorpio. For the past several days you've been searching for meaning in life. There have been changes in your chief occupation, new relationships, bursting ambitions. Today you can let all of that soul searching go. You're likely to whip up a huge mixture of the whole experience and be grateful for the thrilling life you lead right now!
 You should find that the adventurous side of you has the support of your emotions, Scorpio. These two parts of your spirit are working in harmony to help you stretch beyond your limits. Push into new realms and ask questions when you don't understand something. This is the only way you will learn, develop, and grow mentally and emotionally. Don't assume learning stops when you leave school.
 No matter what you're doing today, have fun, Scorpio. Whistle a tune. Turn the stereo up to full volume and dance around the kitchen as you make dinner. You can find amusement in just about anything, so keep this in mind as you tackle even the menial tasks. You're responsible for your own attitude, so don't blame anyone else for a sour mood. Turn yourself around and have fun.
 Today is one of those days in which prosperity is much closer than you think, Scorpio. You will find what you seek, but it's up to you to take the first step to going after it. More than likely, you're looking for solid answers to your deep and probing questions. Don't let your inquisitive mind rest until you find the answers that ring true for you.
 You should find that you have an extra amount of creative energy now, Scorpio, and you should do what you can to make this force work for you. There's a time and place for everything, and now is the time to work together with your higher self to channel some of the artist within. Don't let your self
 Spiritual and metaphysical studies may take up a lot of your time today, Scorpio. You might want to dig into the world's major religions or try to make it through works about spiritualism or the occult. If you want to, this is the day to do it because your concentration is very strong, although it will be necessary to take a lot of breaks!
 This is going to be a good moment to look elsewhere, Scorpio. You should do just as the artist does when he has worked on a painting for too long, which is take a step back. You need to see some people, travel, go to the theater, and clear your head. This is never easy for you, but don't hesitate. You will realize afterward that it was the best thing for you to do.
 You're apt to be spurred into action by strong forces that don't want you to take a break, Scorpio. Keep in mind that the more you resist, the more you will be pushed and pulled by outside sources. If you find yourself in a bind, take a deep breath and calm down. Act from a point of neutrality instead of a point of anger or defensiveness.
 Things are looking up for you, Scorpio, especially later in the day. Pieces should be coming together and things flowing into place naturally. You will find that your outward
 Expect to be torn between two seemingly paradoxical urges today, Scorpio. Part of you wants to spend the day wrapped in a cocoon, playing with your toys. But another side of you is just as committed to spearheading a major creative or social endeavor with friends who share your revolutionary ideas. You feel exhausted from trying to build the perfect world.
 You've been a social butterfly lately, Scorpio! The sociable phase you're currently in demands a great deal of energy. You're attracted to some of your new acquaintances but irritated by others. One in particular causes you real anxiety today. You have two choices. Either abandon your new group of friends entirely, or expel the person who's causing you trouble.
 Your opinions might be the topic of conversation all day, Scorpio. You have a very strong will and you aren't afraid to express it. Today you will get that chance. Feel free to enlighten others with your tremendous wealth of knowledge. Take control of the conversation and accept the mental challenge of trying to win other people over to your side. Whether you're successful or not, you will have fun trying.
 An older visitor might come to your door today, Scorpio. You aren't likely to be too thrilled about this, but you will be able to play the good host anyway. Romance and sociability may be a bit limited by obligations to family, particularly parents, but don't let it get you down. You may be stuck at home tonight, but you will be able to let loose later.
 You may be barking up the wrong tree today, Scorpio. Before you waste all your energy on your podium proclaiming your thoughts to the world, it would behoove you to stop, look around, and notice your audience. How are they reacting to your tirade? Are people walking away or are they cheering? Perhaps you need to let someone else have a turn at the microphone.
 This is the end of the voyage you've been on over the past few weeks, Scorpio. You undoubtedly saw some interesting sights. Whether you were on an inner or outer voyage, the cosmic energy will bring you to a safe harbor. Unpack your bags carefully, as they're filled with treasures and souvenirs. You will want to put them around the house as happy reminders of how much you've grown.
 Social events, possibly involving groups, could put you in touch with knowledgeable people who could provide valuable information. You might decide to go back to school or otherwise advance your education. Technology could play a large part in all this, Scorpio, so it might be a good idea to work on your computer skills and bring them up to snuff. A short trip by air could be in the offing.
 The day ahead will be a soothing one, Scorpio. Since it's auspicious for the material aspect of things, it's a good time to settle household issues like bills or repairs. But you might also take advantage of today's aspect to set in motion even more ambitious plans about your living situation. Is it time to think more seriously about that move you've been dreaming of?
 Some days it's better to be on vacation! That's what you're liable to think today. All your projects are mired in quicksand, and you feel like you're spinning your wheels. But even if things are momentarily stuck, don't lose faith. Your inner self is gaining stability. When the time is right, it will be strong and reliable.
 Are you thinking of going into business for yourself, Scorpio? Being self
 Matters of love and romance should be going well, but try not to overdo it, Scorpio. Be careful of getting so caught up in the fantasy of romance that you fail to take care of the details. Today is a good day to get the foundation solid before you start building. If you've already started building, you may need to stand back and consider areas in which some extra support beams may be necessary.
 You might find it rather tough to take criticism today, Scorpio. This is something that's hard for many to hear, but it truly depends on your perspective. Rather than view it as a personal attack, try to see the value in the criticism. If you're honest with yourself and recognize that you could learn and grow from critique, seize it as an opportunity. If you find that it's out in left field, then leave it there.
 Today you may meet a new friend, Scorpio. People tend to feel comfortable around you even if they're different than you are. That's because you usually accept the fact that everyone is different and that's OK. This is a rare and special quality 
 Today you should be looking and feeling great. You might attract some admiring looks from passersby on the street. Sex and romance might be on your mind, Scorpio. You're likely to want to spend the day with your special someone. You could also channel those feelings into creative activities of some kind. Information may come your way that sets your mental juices flowing. Make the most of it!
 Whatever goals you've been trying to reach may finally become reality today, Scorpio. Finalizing everything could involve a lot of running around in the car and meeting with other people, but you're likely to feel exhilarated all the same. Powerful people could prove to be of valuable help to you. As a result, matters should be going very well right now. Make the most of it!
 Today you could put a stop to your activities for a little while, Scorpio. You may take a good, hard look at things and realize that the climate of trust you need in order to be productive and creative is missing at the moment. It's a good time to get some order back into your relationships and remind others of their responsibilities to you.
 Most of the time it's good to have strong opinions and be independent and willful, Scorpio. But there are other times when this attitude turns people away you're hoping to draw closer. There's a stubborn yet sensitive attitude in your world of romance that may be difficult for you to deal with. Perhaps you're taking a more rational approach to things while your loved one is taking a more emotional one.
 Today might be a little rough for you, Scorpio. It's as if reality were waiting to trip you up. Nothing about you is realistic. If you're still a bit childish or irresponsible, today may be rather hard on you. It's nothing serious, so don't worry. However, if you feel as though your back is to the wall, don't react. Try to calmly accept what's happening to you.
 Now is the time to be thinking about your professional orientation, Scorpio. You may need to get some more fun in your life and experience pleasures that you've never had before. You have a certain tendency to separate the two worlds of work and play, but there's no need. In fact, your work will prosper once you discover ways to make it more playful.
 If you aren't careful to keep your eyes straight ahead and focused on the future, the past is likely to catch up to you, Scorpio. Don't look back, even if you don't see anything in front of you. You must continue to move forward. It's true that this is easier said than done. Nevertheless, you feel inspired to give it a try.
 If you're waiting for someone to come and fill all of your needs, emotional ones in particular, you may have to wait a very long time! You're responsible for fulfilling your own needs, Scorpio. If you don't, you will be eternally dependent. This would be unlike Scorpio, and certainly unlike you!
 Consider subscribing to an alternative newsletter of some sort, Scorpio. You will find some amazing information that the general public doesn't necessarily know. Knowledge is power. For the most part, common knowledge is quite limited. Make an effort to seek news from a wider community. Some mainstream information is pretty unreliable.
 Today is ideal for romance, Scorpio. It's great for forming new relationships or improving existing ones. If you don't have a special someone, make an effort to expand your social circle. Attend a lecture or take a workshop. If you have a mate, do something different together that helps you get to know one another better. A spiritual retreat might be just the boost your relationship needs.
 Today's aspects ask you to make more of an effort, Scorpio. You will have to come back down to Earth and join the rest of us mere mortals. You may be cultivating your independence a bit too much. It pulls you away from people. You should try to mingle and get involved in a cause that's bigger than you. Working with others is a necessary part of any job.
 Today you may want to change some of the moral and social values that get in the way of relationships. After surmounting these kinds of obstacles yourself, and watching others struggle with them, you've decided that it's time to do away with them once and for all. Just be careful to respect the private lives of the people close to you. Not everyone is as open
 Today you might be a bit worried about your financial affairs, Scorpio. A past mistake could have led to some rather upsetting consequences. Now you need to harness every bit of skill you have in order to set things straight. Your knowledge of modern technology could help. A friend might try to pick a quarrel with you, but it's best to stay cool, neutral, and out of the discussion.
 The hungrier you get, the more determined you will become, Scorpio. Be careful that your determination doesn't turn into desperation and neediness. It's unattractive and will get you nowhere. Keep on the upward spiral, and let determination turn into inspiration and cooperation. You will find this especially true when it comes to matters of the heart. You have a great deal of power. Put it to good use.
 A new cycle is beginning for you in which you may find yourself throwing away old beliefs and mental processes, Scorpio. Out with the old and in with the new. This time of housecleaning is extremely important, for you will find that the same tired old speech that you've been working on is suddenly defunct. Pull your resources together and construct a new platform that makes you proud.
 Try not to overanalyze your actions, Scorpio. If you continue to pick apart every aspect, you will end up getting nowhere. This principle applies to your emotions, too. Be sure that you aren't trying to make rational sense out of every feeling that comes your way. Feelings are there for you to experience. Allow them to flow through your heart and not necessarily your head.
 Today you may not feel much like working, and you might even decide to play hooky from your responsibilities, Scorpio. If you have nothing urgent to do, consider indulging this whim. Relax with a good book and a cup of tea. Watch a favorite movie. Take a long walk in a beautiful park. In the evening, cuddle with a love partner. Savor the day's gentle energy.
 An older male visitor could come to your home, possibly to help you with some work that needs to be done. Family members may have abandoned you for the day to go out and do their own thing. You will welcome the company as well as the help. Practical matters, such as the household budget, might need attention, so set aside some time to work out the details.
 Practical thoughts may be the result of unconscious impulses brought to the surface by events at home. Old traumas and phobias could be released, although you should take care to not dwell on them too much or you'll reinforce them instead of get rid of them. Your imagination is flying high. You might focus it on decorating your house. You could find antiques especially appealing.
 A surprising revelation from a friend or acquaintance might wake you up to the fact that you don't really know this person as well as you thought you did. Information could set you off on a search for knowledge that keeps you occupied for hours. A child or young person could come to you and ask for help. This promises to be a busy but interesting day, Scorpio. Make the most of it!
 Today your intellect is flying high, Scorpio. A number of new ideas, perhaps about political or social issues, might excite your curiosity and cause you to want to spend hours in the library or on the Internet. Mundane tasks still need handling, however. This might be frustrating, because it takes you away from your quest. If you get the basics done quickly, you can return without causing any undue guilt.
 A surprising revelation, either from within or from sources like books, the Internet, or communications from others could set you in an entirely new direction. You will have an increased sense of freedom, as well as a clearer and more progressive outlook. You might consider some pretty heavy changes in your life, Scorpio, but don't make any final decisions or arrangements today. Wait before putting your ideas into action.
 Social occasions of all kinds could take place today, Scorpio. Some older visitors, perhaps your parents, could visit your home. It may be a rather quiet visit, with conversation that's more casual than intense, but it will be nice nonetheless. Later you could go out with friends or colleagues or meet them at a celebration of some sort.
 Today you might be able to tune in to the thoughts and feelings of others, Scorpio, but you aren't likely to know exactly how to handle the situation. Should you say something or just tailor your own behavior to suit the moods of others? Reflect on the situation before doing either. This is a great day to meditate or read books or attend lectures on spiritual matters.
 This is a tremendously expansive time for you, Scorpio, and there is very little that will stop your momentum once you get going. Your eyes are alive with a spark that says that you're ready to take on the world. Believe this about yourself and others will believe in you. There is a great deal of luck on your side today, so take a gamble in a certain part of your life.
 Work toward achieving a better unity between you and the people around you, Scorpio. It could be that certain people in your circle of friends somehow feel alienated in one way or another. Perhaps they don't feel like they fit in with the rest of the group. Remind yourself and others that everyone is unique and that all should be equally accepted despite individual differences.
 Getting your opinions out now may stir up the maelstrom even more, but ultimately it's for the best, Scorpio. There is an explosive tone in the air right now that's difficult to ignore. You need your strong will to combat the abrasive forces at work today. You have the opportunity to initiate control over the situation. Other people might be too unsure of themselves to make a move.
 You may know exactly the right thing to do today, but for some reason, the action required may be a hard thing for you to implement, Scorpio. Take an active role to get involved. Say your peace, but don't get so attached to the results that you get upset and discouraged if things don't exactly work out according to plan. Independence is an important virtue to hold onto today.
 Communication is flowing smoothly today, Scorpio, so take advantage of this and get the word out. It's important for you to make connections with other people now. Run with your instincts and feel free to enter into debates. Your words and tone of voice are very convincing. You could sell anything to anyone today.
 People may come into conflict with you today, Scorpio. More than likely, the issue at hand will have to do with others being a bit too focused on themselves, while you're more concerned with the collective. Try to be a bit more understanding as people demand more of your attention. There's an unmistakable passion in the air that will grant you more zest for life.
 Your physical energy is likely to be high today, Scorpio, so you might not feel like staying indoors. Take care of your body first, and get in a good workout. You may also want to explore, perhaps by driving out of town for the day or going to an amusement park. You may not feel this energetic very often, so it's best to make the most of it when you can.
 This is going to be a good moment to look elsewhere, Scorpio. You should do just as the artist does when he has worked too long on a painting, which is to take a step back. You need to see people, travel, go to the theater, and clear your head. This is never easy for you, but do it anyway. Afterwards you'll think it was the best thing for you.
 A huge get
 Today you might decide to buy a plant for every room in your house or plant a garden, Scorpio. If the weather is good, you might visit a nursery or botanical garden. You may not normally be attracted to plants and gardens, but today both beauty and nature seem especially appealing. Make the most of this, however temporary. Your house will look that much more beautiful because of it!
 Today you might decide to do some writing, Scorpio. This could be job related, but it's more likely personal, either correspondence with friends and colleagues or creative. Some stimulating discussion could take place with friends, romantic partners, or children that could set your mind buzzing with new ideas. This is a great day to attend or participate in a sporting event.
 Your sweetheart may seem upset today and unlikely to want to talk about it, Scorpio. This could prove frustrating for you, since you don't like to be kept in the dark. Take care to avoid giving in to the temptation to push. This won't make your partner any more likely to share, and it could drive a wedge between you. Just hang in there and let your friend talk when the time is right.
 You might have difficulty expressing your needs, Scorpio. The bottom line is that there's no right or wrong way, although it may be difficult to see this on a day like today. Deep
 You're on a roll today, Scorpio. Don't let other people's insecurities or shallow understanding about an issue get in the way of your progress. There's a distinct advantage to the way you approach things. Feel free to exert your will on those who need strong direction. If you're confident about the answer, don't be shy about saying so. If people don't like the way you're leading, they don't need to follow.
 Restriction and discipline might not be your forte, Scorpio, but realize that this may be exactly the type of thing that you need the most. Try not to expend your energy in too many directions. Focus and channel your efforts into the things you consider the most important. Make sure that most of your day is spent tending to these things. Have you hugged your loved ones lately?
 Your fairytale imagination of how your romantic life should run is hooking you up with many different opportunities, Scorpio. Whether you realize it or not, the optimal situation you seek is within your grasp. Make sure that you aren't trying to manipulate a certain person into becoming the person you want him or her to be. If you're unhappy in your relationship, perhaps you need to find someone new.
 A love relationship could take on a higher and more spiritual aspect during this period, creating a desire for your souls to bond. The planetary atmosphere brings you closer together, and you may experience a closer sense of intimacy. You two might spend time with mutual friends today, enjoying yourselves, but at the same time anxious to be alone. Bask in the glow.
 Imagination and fantasy play a big part in your thinking today, Scorpio, and you shouldn't hesitate to embrace this frame of mind. There's a great deal of power to be drawn from your sense of freedom to explore and dream. Your thinking is more of a higher consciousness now. You should take advantage of this lofty perspective to see things from a neutral viewpoint.
 You may feel as if your hands are tied today and you're faced with absolutely no options, Scorpio. Don't despair over a situation that seems insurmountable. Think of yourself as a terrific magician who can burst out of the strongest chains. You have tricks up your sleeve that can help you escape just about any situation in which you find yourself.
 Be aggressive and forceful when it comes to exerting your will, Scorpio. Let others know that you won't be a pushover. Your opinions are extremely important, and they need to be heard by the people who matter the most. Have faith that whatever you say has the power to come true, especially when you enlist the help of those around you. Opportunity lies in joining hands with others.
 An unexpected letter or package might arrive sometime today, Scorpio. This could be a gift from a lover 
 Don't be surprised if people surround you today, each one anxious to confer with you. It seems that you're the authority on all topics, Scorpio. All the attention is flattering, but it makes it difficult to get any work done. Do what you can to help your co
 You think of yourself as a practical person, Scorpio, but today your thoughts may turn to the mystical and spiritual. Your intuition is strong now, letting you tune in to the feelings of your loved ones. This allows you to be empathetic and understanding, which your partner especially appreciates. Your intuition may inspire you to approach a problem in a new way. Let your mind wander and see what develops.
 It has been said that you can never have too many friends, Scorpio, but today you might wonder if perhaps you do. Your phone could be ringing off the hook. One person after another will be soliciting you for advice and your famous shoulder to cry on. Be patient. One day you may need that person to be there for you. Try to listen and keep your sense of humor about you.
 A group event could put you in contact with a number of people interested in doing a healing meditation for the planet. This sort of activity can work wonders to strengthen the bond among those performing it. You might not talk much during the discussions, but you're apt to be in total agreement with the idea. Enjoy your day.
 Boredom might stimulate your rebellious streak today, Scorpio. You could decide to forego your usual tasks and do something unusual or unexpected, such as skydiving or horseback riding. Don't feel guilty if you decide to do this. We all need to throw caution to the wind and go for some excitement occasionally. Follow your instincts and have fun!
 You have an introspective nature, Scorpio. For the last few weeks you've been reflecting on and assessing what does and doesn't work in your life. It's likely that you're ready for some kind of major change. Either your relationship is in a rut or you need a complete career overhaul. Follow your instincts as you plan how to develop and grow from here. You are your own best guide.
 Working late, Scorpio? What could be so important that it keeps you from paying attention to your family or partner? Probably nothing! Take a good, objective look at what you think must be done tonight. You'll probably find that your company won't go broke if you leave some tasks. Get as much done as you can and then go home to your loved ones. They're important, too!
 You should be looking especially attractive, Scorpio. You may have an ethereal, mystical look about you that attracts attention from strangers. This won't be lost on your friends, either. You could find it unsettling, particularly if people get too attentive or if a love partner gets jealous. Relax and enjoy it anyway. Needless to say, this is a great day to shop for clothes!
 Opportunity may knock for you today from an unlikely source, perhaps total strangers! Use your intuition to follow potential leads. Real estate, particularly residential, looks especially promising for realizing financial gain for you right now. Follow your hunches and see what develops. Don't let your caution bog you down at the moment. It could be surprisingly wonderful.
 A conference of some kind could touch upon some pretty volatile issues, Scorpio. People could disagree to the point that the meeting turns into a shouting match. You probably have strong opinions on this as well, but don't get involved. You won't be able to stop the argument, and it can only cause you stress. If you can, avoid this meeting altogether. Think about it!
 Have you been feeling stagnant lately, Scorpio, as if your life is going nowhere? What happens today could change that. An unusual group event could put you in touch with people who open new intellectual, career, or spiritual doors for you. Stimulating conversations could turn your head toward opportunities that you were never aware of before. Onward and upward!
 You can't ask for a better day, Scorpio. Positive energy is coming your way. You should look for the opportunities that are right in front of you. You may be going through some significant upheaval right now. Clear away all the things that have limited you in the past. The future is wide open. Empower yourself to make the changes necessary to build your life way you want it to be.
 Are you looking for a particular piece of information, Scorpio? A friend, possibly another Scorpio, has this information but is unaware that you're searching for it. Don't be afraid to let all your friends and acquaintances know that you need to find some specific facts. The person who finally comes forward may surprise you. Enjoy your day!
 An affectionate letter, phone call, or email could come to you from an old friend, Scorpio, expressing gratitude for past favors. This is going to make you feel warm and loving toward this person, and you'll want to reciprocate in kind. Invite him or her for coffee and have a long conversation. The bond between you is strong. This isn't a friendship you'll want to let go.
 A pleasant surprise comes your way when you receive either a present or small sum of money, perhaps in the mail, Scorpio. Someone will either pay you back a loan or you could receive a gift for some small service you performed for someone. You could be tempted to turn that around and buy a present for someone else. Expect some calls that result in long and meaningful conversations.
 Call or write a letter to a friend today, Scorpio. Your brain may feel like it's stuck in a rut, which is probably best remedied by sharing these feelings with others. Take it one step at a time, and be patient with others in return. People are likely to snap more easily, since fuses will be extra short. Take care as you approach the deep end. Make sure you have your life jacket on.
 There may be an area of your life that seems completely fanciful now, Scorpio. The issues regarding it have become a bit hazy. You may no longer be sure of the reality of the situation. Today's energies will bring these issues into focus. Your emotions are especially heightened, and they, too, will seem a bit clouded. Try to stay balanced and gain a new perspective on the situation.
 Some wonderful news could come to you, Scorpio, possibly from a sibling or neighbor. It might involve money or a new opportunity that's opening up nearby. A group event concerning a subject you're very interested in could also take place. You might feel you have a lot of phone calls to make and plans to think about. The future looks bright. Enjoy!
 Some unexpected changes that have been kept under wraps at the workplace could come out soon. They may involve reorganization or a change of ownership. This is going profoundly affect your attitude toward your job. It could cause you to consider making a change of your own. This isn't the time to make a decision. Take a few days to consider your options before making up your mind.
 Normally you tend to view things on a logical, intellectual level, Scorpio, but today the strength of your intuition could surprise you. Your communications could be subtler than words. Today you're probably feeling especially optimistic, enthusiastic, and very inspired by your circumstances. Continue on your path!
