 With some leisure time on your hands, you'll find an opportunity to start fresh in some area that has challenged you, Taurus. Find the courage to examine your attitudes toward adverse situations. Armed with your new knowledge, you might have a new insight that allows you to approach an old problem in a different way. You'll discover that you have more power than you thought.
 You might feel cheerful and generous today, Taurus. Helping others will probably suit you, and matters will move along smoothly. If there are outstanding projects from earlier, tackle them first. It's an opportune time to get caught up on challenges. Don't hesitate to lend a hand if you're approached or notice someone in need. This will benefit them as well as you.
 Whatever your situation, Taurus, today you could encounter someone exciting who stirs a powerful romantic attraction within you. This can be delightful, and there's no reason why you shouldn't enjoy the company, but be a little cautious before taking any action. Get to know this person better before you decide on any sort of involvement, casual or serious. All may not be as it seems.
 Don't delude yourself, Taurus. While it can be a real temptation to see what you want to see, there's danger in doing so. A pipe dream can only last so long. It's never permanent! Rather than playing this kind of trick on yourself, take off the blinders and face what's before you. Even if it hurts, it will likely be far less painful now than later.
 Relationships may be a bit difficult, Taurus, so don't force pleasantry if it doesn't come naturally. Your motto today should be, "If you don't have anything nice to say, don't say anything at all." Perhaps this leaves you tongue
 If you meet new people today, Taurus, be careful. Some can appear interesting because they're bold or dangerous. Perhaps they do things you'd never dream of doing. While this may be intriguing, it can lead to trouble and hurt you if you aren't careful. Stick to your usual standards and ethics. If danger excites you too much, it may be time to make some changes in your life.
 Taking time alone is essential for everyone, Taurus, but recognize when you're isolating yourself to the point where it's unhealthy. If you ask why you're taking this time and answer because you're avoiding something or someone, you need to reconsider. Things will only build and get worse under these conditions. You begin to work things out by facing whatever it is that's upsetting you.
 There's a chance that incredible luck will befall you, Taurus, but nothing will come without hard work on your part. Don't expect someone else to hand you the treasure chest. You have the map in your hand, so follow it. Once you start, you may realize that you're much closer than you think. It's up to you to make the journey. There's a great deal of help for you along the way.
 You may be confused by your heart, Taurus. It may be extremely frustrating when you can't keep a tight rein on your emotions. This internal conflict is a signal that there's a lesson to learn. Perhaps your heart knows something that your conscious mind hasn't yet realized.
 Everyone is likely to be making demands on you right now, which can have you in a dither. A career success could be offset by an upset with a partner over a miscommunication. This should be worked out, but it might take the wind out of your sails if you let it, Taurus. It would be a good idea to derail any upset before it runs you down. Invite your partner out to celebrate!
 Extend the day by getting up earlier than usual, Taurus. Even though it may be hard to leave the comfort of your bed, the rewards will be many. The celestial energy beckons you to get up and join the activities of the day. You'll be much more productive and accomplish a lot by the end of the day.
 Today it looks like you might not be able to attend a group activity that you've been anticipating, Taurus. Other pressing matters may demand your immediate attention. This could prove frustrating. However, if you work quickly and efficiently, you might be able to make it after all. Budget your time carefully and get to it!
 You may be a bit depressed today if you and your partner are going through a difficult time. Maybe there's something unspoken that brings tension and awkwardness into your life together. Try to find the root of the problem. It will only get worse if you don't talk about it. Don't get too emotional when you bring it up. Just ask if your partner is bothered by something.
 A surge of passion could dominate your day unless you find an outlet for it, Taurus. An intimate evening with a lover would be a good idea. Creative passion is also strong, and you could be hit with sudden inspiration, perhaps influenced by distant places. Don't be afraid to take time out from your mundane chores to pursue this inspiration. Creativity is as important as anything else.
 An unexpected invitation to a social event could put you in touch with unusual, fascinating people, Taurus. Some of them may be involved in professions that interest you. Some may become your friends and others might prove to be valuable business contacts. New opportunities could come your way as a result. Whatever invitations come your way, don't turn them down. You might miss something wonderful.
 Do you work with a lot of documents, Taurus? If so, you might find today that some of the papers you need are missing. They might seem to have vanished into a black hole. Look everywhere, of course, but chances are that someone has them and isn't aware of it. Don't be too shy to ask people about the papers. You could save yourself a lot of unnecessary effort this way.
 Are you picking up on some unsettling feelings from a friend who lives far away, Taurus? You may wonder if there's something wrong in this person's life. Perhaps you'd better give your friend a call. You'll probably find out that whatever is troubling him or her is minor and nothing that can't be dealt with. Anyway, it will be good to catch up!
 This isn't a good day to get together with your romantic partner, Taurus, or even talk on the phone at length. Keep your conversations brief and make arrangements to meet in a few days. Your friend could be in a very agitated state of mind and might take offense at an innocent remark from you. This could cause an unpleasant quarrel. Be patient!
 Love is in the air for you, Taurus. You will be rewarded handsomely because you have so many things to offer. Spread your love everywhere. Skip from place to place and person to person, receiving smiles of pleasure. Put your worries aside. There's every reason to be happy. Laughter keeps you young.
 Your flamboyant approach may not get as much attention today as you'd like, Taurus. Don't push yourself to achieve something that isn't working. By insisting that something should be done your way, you'll only create enemies and bottlenecks in whatever task you're trying to accomplish. A thoughtful, conscious, reserved approach is going to win today.
 Everyone knows that nothing can stop you when you're determined to get something done. As long as other people are on your side today, you will be amazed at all the things you can accomplish. But don't get too excited, Taurus, because it's time to take care of those thankless tasks that no one wants to deal with. You may need other people's help to get them done.
 Children are highlighted today, Taurus, either yours or someone else's. You could be in one of the healing professions. If you're a nurse or doctor, you may have the opportunity to make a big difference in the life of one of your patients. If you're a parent, see if you can spend extra time with your children. You will all benefit from some quality time together.
 If you don't feel that you make enough money, this is the time to do something about it, Taurus. Are you sure you're doing everything you can to earn as much as possible? Perhaps you've wanted to change jobs for quite some time but something is holding you back. What do you think? Try to figure it out.
 You may not feel in the mood to fight today, Taurus. If someone challenges you, talk your way out of it. You will probably be able to win any battle with your words. Try sensitive reasoning instead of open combat. Listen carefully to the concerns of the opposing side and make your move accordingly. This isn't a contest. It's a conversation among friends.
 Today may feel like everything's coming to a head for you, Taurus. Even the slightest action might face resistance. The more stubborn your attitude, the harder it will be to progress. Your job is to infuse playfulness into every situation. Remind people that we're all on this stage together. We need to make the most of it, not shove each other out of the spotlight.
 If you don't agree with what the group is doing today, Taurus, don't feel like you have to join in. Earn their respect in your own way, not by forcing yourself into a mold you don't fit into. Maintain your integrity and act with confidence. If you're confident about your actions, others will put their confidence in you. Don't compromise your beliefs.
 Once you start talking about a certain topic, Taurus, it might be hard to stop, especially if the topic is you or one of your activities. A question about one aspect of your life may come up and you could have a sudden desire to tell your whole life story. Other people are going to want to voice their opinions, too, so take a breath and give them a chance.
 The thing you dread the most could be the very thing you need the most in your life, Taurus. You're at a point right now when the lessons that come might be hard to swallow, but they're necessary. Don't try to resist what you know you must face. Approach things with courage instead of fear and you can conquer anything. Once you climb the mountain, the rest is downhill.
 Let the child within come out and play, Taurus. Return to and relish your most primal state. Some of life's most important lessons are the ones you learned when you were a child. Return to that state of mind and embrace the simplicity of life you experienced then. Life is only complicated because you make it so. Remember what it was like to live without care and live that way again.
 Someone or something may intimidate you and make you want to retreat, Taurus. But this person or situation is the very thing you need now in order to do what you have to do. Opportunities are there for you even though they may be disguised. Once you find them you will know. Have confidence that you're ready for the next step in your journey.
 You may have a feeling that if you don't have something positive to say, you shouldn't say anything. This idea could keep you tongue
 Dependability and stability are key aspects of today, Taurus. Take action that will prove to others that these parts of your nature are fully functional. Other people may be stubborn and not easily moved. You will have to fight to get your viewpoint across. You may need to get out the bulldozer. Maintain tenderness in all your relations with others.
 Love is coming your way, Taurus. You're likely to be more passionate than usual. Be careful that your enthusiasm for the object of your desire doesn't go overboard. It's possible that you have an unrealistic view of the situation. It also could be that someone is leading you on and making you think something that isn't completely true.
 You may be in a difficult position today, Taurus, as if you're being pulled in two directions with little say as to how things are supposed to end. The acting forces could be manipulative, so you should take special care that no one takes advantage of you. This may be easier said than done at a time like this.
 This is a passionate, creative day, Taurus. Your blood is hot and passion is on your mind. With luck, you have a significant other who can benefit! If not, you will have to find another way to burn off that energy. Invite a close friend for a jog. You're in the mood to socialize. If you can't have physical intimacy, be satisfied with emotional closeness.
 There's a great wind under your wings today, Taurus, and you may find the day's energy quite transforming. You now have the opportunity to make great strides in whatever you wish to accomplish. It may be time for you to make an important change in your current attitude. Embrace differences in perspective and opinion. Varied opinions can help you understand a situation.
 The day ahead will be trying for you, Taurus. You will have a fire raging inside. You may have a speech to deliver or a private performance to put on for your loved ones. In any case, you will have to prove yourself, and you will spare no energy in the attempt. You will be completely drained by the end of the day. Plan to rest.
 Dreams and visions might come and go today, Taurus, as unconscious images surface. Some of these impressions could represent old traumas and phobias that have outlived their usefulness and need to be released. You could draw creative inspiration from these perceptions and use them as a basis for artistic projects. By day's end you may feel emotionally lighter.
 A position involving power and authority is opening up, and you're the perfect one for the job, Taurus. Today's astrological aspect is helping you find the necessary confidence and physical strength. You have the emotional and physical boost you need to feel good about your leadership abilities. This is a time to take control of the situation.
 The name of the game for you today is emotional freedom, Taurus. Your senses are heightened and the smallest things capture your eye. Don't delay your response to these events, whether they're big or small. Even the smallest event may blossom into a new world of people and situations. Let your creativity explode into every part of your being.
 Connect with the fellow sitting next to you or perhaps the woman behind you in line at the store. He or she could share a piece of wisdom that changes your life forever. Be aware that you also could be that person who changes someone else's life with a single thought or slice of wisdom that you've picked up in your travels. Communication is the key to expanding your world in many ways.
 You tend to keep to yourself, Taurus, but today you could be inspired to join a group activity. Perhaps some friends have invited you to come out for drinks. Or maybe a neighbor asked you to consider joining a neighborhood organization. Whatever the scenario, all signs indicate that any group activity you join will be worthwhile. You will do some good and likely make new friends, too.
 Things should go extremely well for you today, Taurus, so don't shy away from any part of it. In fact, take this opportunity to shine as brightly as you can. Crank up the power and project yourself out to the world. Bring out your radiant smile as often as possible 
 This isn't a day to focus on fun and games, Taurus. In fact, you may feel an annoying weightiness about your emotions, making you feel less energetic than usual. There's a sober tone asking you to look at reality and make some serious decisions about your future goals and plans. You may feel like the timer is about to buzz. The minute hand is ticking, and there are many more adventures to be had.
 You might come across strong opposition today. Someone may seem to want to cut straight through to your heart, Taurus. In reality, this is a message reminding you to think about things in terms of the collective, the oneness of all. Be aware of a greater perspective in which you see more than just your side of the issue. Discuss the issues with others before making any major decisions.
 You're at a dramatic climax in your monthly emotional cycle today, Taurus. It's quite possible that you will erupt like a volcano. Don't be ashamed about releasing these emotions. Your feminine and masculine natures are connected, and they're working harmoniously to express themselves to the fullest. Open up the gates of communication and let the stampede charge through.
 Things may get a bit confusing today, Taurus. Don't feel like you need to make sense of it all. In fact, that may be impossible. Whatever you do, make sure you're being yourself. Let your creative nature shine through. Other people are quite malleable, so you should take the lead in just about any situation. Make sure that you're considerate of other people's needs.
 Stop being an enabler to someone you care about, Taurus. You may let someone continue a dangerous addictive behavior simply because you want to avoid a confrontation. Realize that this behavior is doing neither of you any good. The more you continue to perpetrate the lie, the more it will hurt all parties involved. Be open and honest with your concerns.
 Suddenly things are coming to a head for you, Taurus. The drama is escalating and you aren't sure if you can remember all your lines. Take things one step at a time. Deal with the issues as they come. If you get ahead of yourself, you might be overwhelmed by the fear that the situation will be more than you can handle. Don't sweat the small stuff.
 Jump back on stage and say what you have to say, Taurus. Your participation in the conversation is critical to maintaining a healthy energy flow. The things you say will have a profound effect on others, so chose your words carefully. Enjoy a physical activity that involves a group. Make it a social event. Be an active participant in all situations today.
 Something or someone may prod you to take action today, Taurus. It may be best if you beat them to it and motivate yourself. Break away from the herd and go wherever you want to go. It's likely that you will run into conflict regarding an issue you feel strongly about. People may be stubborn, so prepare for a stalemate rather than any sort of resolution.
 You may feel a nervous restlessness today that's urging you to get moving, Taurus. A journey to one place may send you off to another, which may take you on an adventure to some completely different place. It may seem like you're on a crazy scavenger hunt. The energy of the day could leave you feeling ragged, but don't give up. Your persistence will pay off in the end.
 You're going to get it all today, Taurus. You may not feel especially powerful, and in fact there may be those who try to make you feel incompetent. Realize that this is a passing trend and you will soon bounce back to your true self. Open up a little more than usual and let more light into your life.
 You might have the desire for travel, perhaps to visit a friend who lives far away, Taurus. You may actually set the wheels in motion to make it happen. Social events could take up your time this evening, and you could meet some interesting people. A friend might need a sympathetic ear. Today you're especially sensitive to others, so be prepared to hear a sad story. Otherwise, your day should go well.
 There's a conservative feeling to the day that asks you to get serious and take care of business. This may not be such a bad idea. This grounded atmosphere can help you move into a deeper relationship with someone special. Let your creativity shine, and try to do more listening than talking. Make your dreams a reality.
 Money worries might have you more on edge than usual, Taurus. While you may be doing well, you could still be insecure enough to think that your funds might not stretch far enough. Consider the situation objectively. You will probably be relieved by what you find. Others' demands on your time might irritate you more than usual. The best way to relieve the tension is to work out or take a walk.
 Many projects to complete before a deadline might have you feeling pressured, Taurus, but your determination is likely to drive you to try to get it all done even if it seems impossible. Don't try to do it all yourself. Ask for a little help. You can accomplish your ends without putting undue pressure on yourself. Try to relax today.
 Confirmation of professional success could come your way, Taurus, and you're probably feeling excited and motivated to keep pushing. But you may find that increased responsibilities interfere with your social life. You wonder if friends have forgotten you. They haven't, but it will make you feel better if you squeeze in a few hours for your friends each week. Remember what they say about all work and no play.
 You might feel creative, artistic, and full of ideas for new projects. However, Taurus, other responsibilities could keep you from starting on them. At the same time, your mind could be so focused on them that your other work takes longer than it should. Write down your ideas before they escape, then concentrate on the tasks at hand. Finish those and then you can pursue what you really want.
 Social events or group activities concerned primarily with spiritual, metaphysical, social, or humanitarian issues could take place in your community today, Taurus. These could be enlightening and enjoyable, and you could make some new friends. The exchange of ideas could get your mind going a thousand miles an hour. Get a little exercise to clear your head or you might have trouble sleeping tonight.
 Uncertainty about money could plague you today, Taurus. You might have doubts about income now, particularly if you're self
 A member of your household has perhaps been withholding some negative emotions for a long time. He or she may finally let loose with everything today. This could prove disconcerting, Taurus, as you probably had no idea this was going on. Some honest talk is definitely in order. Try to show that you understand. All should be fine in the end.
 If you have a tendency to do a little too much dreaming, reality could catch up with you now. The time has come to react immediately, Taurus. Certain financial or professional goals may see some delays. You need to figure out how to get things going again in a more concrete and secure direction. Don't let anything get past you today.
 It's time to take charge, Taurus. There's fuel for your fire, and the scope of your influence is virtually unlimited. Don't hold back in any way. Confidently attack every project knowing that things will work out in your favor. Expand your mind and the rewards will be tremendous. Stay active. You will attract beneficial people and situations.
 This is your day to shine, so turn it up a notch, Taurus. Brush your hair before you go out, and make sure you're wearing flattering attire. You have the chance to propel your emotions into an upward spiral. If there's a part of your life that feels stagnant, give it a jolt of creative energy or simply remove it from your life.
 This is a terrific day for you, Taurus. Your mood is good and everything is flowing your way. The fire within is burning hot. You will take the lead role in every production. Romance and love are definitely in the cards for you. Be yourself and remember that it's OK to laugh at your mistakes. Humility is good for you.
 Get in touch with your vulnerable side today, Taurus. Don't pretend to be someone you're not. Realize that you can be yourself and still have a good time without needing to hog all the attention. Stabilize your mind and create space to grow. Take some of the advice that you give to others and apply it to yourself.
 Today is a wonderful and productive day for you, Taurus. Don't hog the limelight. Let other people feel like they're being heard, too. You might get into trouble if your head gets too big or your attitude too stubborn. Opinions will be strong, so give people room to voice their own. They will appreciate your patience and tolerance.
 Today you've decided to change things around you, Taurus. You're about to make radical changes to your life. You feel that you're almost invulnerable, that nothing can resist you. You're going to go beyond your boundaries even if it means that you might be forgetting your friends for a while. Carpe diem.
 The next few weeks will be full of changes in your personal life, Taurus. Your relationships will evolve. You have convivial relations with your friends, but you need to keep an eye on your strong personality and let others express themselves. Try to stay vigilant. You can't impose your views on other people all the time.
 It would be fair to say that you love being recognized, Taurus. Today will enable you to show off your leadership skills. You will organize the day. You will accept your responsibilities and your smarts will help you welcome the day's challenges. But stay humble and keep your actions simple, especially after intense emotions.
 You may look confused today, Taurus. It may be hard for you to stick with one subject. Your attention may jump from one thing to another. That's OK. There's a distinct advantage to seeing all sides of the story. You will have greater perception and awareness of things today. Take this opportunity to put yourself in other people's shoes so you know how to deal with them in the future.
 You're feeling frisky today, Taurus, and you're happy to take the lead. It seems like the starting gate has just opened and you're leading the charge. The one thing that could put a damper on the race is your rational mind reminding you that it's also important to stop. Look around and reflect on what's going on around you. Incorporate both energies into your day.
 Put the pedal to the metal today and have confidence in all your actions, Taurus. There's a great deal of power in your words. There's a tremendous amount of information that needs to be exchanged, and you're at the hub of this activity. What you learn may be transformative. Actively participate in the conversation.
 Enjoy the day today, Taurus. Take control of the situation and make the most of whatever comes your way. Do it with a smile. There's a great deal of fun
 You may feel extra dreamy today, Taurus. Your moods may fluctuate. It may be hard to get other people to share your boisterous good humor. Trying to get people to jump on your bandwagon of excitement may be difficult. Perhaps there's something going on with them and their emotions that you simply aren't noticing. Pay attention.
 Things aren't necessarily going to go well today, Taurus. There is the potential for conflict. You may feel a bit lost in the fog. Strap on your compass and you will be fine. Realize that you will make it through this day much better if you approach every situation from the other person's perspective. Think more of others than of yourself. Be sensitive and receptive.
 Today might end up being quite combative, Taurus. There may be people opposing you from all sides. There are apt to be some serious disruptions to your daily routine. Others may be quite stubborn, and you're apt to fall into a situation in which no one is willing to back down. Whatever happens, you will be called upon to act. This will most certainly be an eventful day.
 Inspire others to come out of their shells today, Taurus. Have them join you on the sunny side of the street. Share your cheer with other people and lead them into boisterous discussions about the world. You will be on cloud nine, with a great deal of strength behind your happy
 You may feel like you're coming up against a brick wall, Taurus. Your emotions are a bit stifled and you may find that you're more stubborn than usual. There is a large and beneficial force that you can tap into today, as long as you keep your intuition open. The less you search for it, the more likely it will come to you. Something may spur you to act.
 There's a fire burning in you today, Taurus. Be careful how you use it. There's a chance you could offend someone if you get too excited and fail to notice how your arrogant attitude affects people around you. Take your joy and spread it to the collective by empowering others. You will feel better about yourself and make more friends in the process.
 Things may get quite intense today, Taurus. There will be a great deal of information coming your way, but it might not all be that good. It seems that someone is putting a roadblock in your path, making it difficult for you to pass. Don't let this stop you. Use your creativity to find ways around any obstacles. Experiences like these only make you stronger.
 If you keep waiting for things to happen, Taurus, you may wake up one morning and realize that your life has passed and you never did half the things you dreamed of doing. The time to take action is now. Put your plan into effect. You may need to make some compromises, but you will find that, in general, people will follow your lead.
 Your energy is running high, Taurus, and you have a great deal of fire that you can use to transform anything. You have a wonderful capacity to turn a bad situation into a good one. You know exactly how to lift others' spirits when they're down. Today certain issues may be a bit too emotional for you to handle comfortably. There's an aggressive, combative tone to some people. Keep your guard up.
 You're likely to enjoy a change in the rhythm and quality of life, beginning right now, Taurus. Do you feel a need to take your friendships beyond superficiality? Perhaps you should reestablish contact with some past friends. After a hiatus, you may have some bonds to repair. You can expect another period devoted to sweeping the cobwebs out of your emotional life and letting in light and promise.
 Your actions might be a bit strained today, Taurus. People aren't going to cooperate in the way you might like them to. It could be one of those days in which it's difficult to get things done simply because other people seem to get in the way. Try not to get angry. Perhaps you need to take a break and relax. The harder you push, the more resistance you will encounter.
 You're in splendid shape today, Taurus! Did a fairy godmother brandish a magic wand to dispel all the little difficulties of the past few weeks? Enjoy this moment of relief from worries. As for your love life, some exciting opportunities may arise. Be on the lookout for them. Whatever you do, don't let them pass you by!
 Your self
 When did you last spend real quality time with your family 
 You may be shy when it comes to expressing your emotions today, Taurus. This could be a rare thing for you. Other people may wonder if something is wrong. The truth is, you may feel like you need to calm down and focus more of your attention inward instead of directing it outward. Don't look to others to resolve your problems. Deal with them yourself. You're just going through an introspective period.
 Perhaps the last few weeks impressed you as one of the most intense periods yet in this year. You will certainly admit that anything related to affairs of the heart was endowed with profound and lasting meaning. It's now time for a physical and psychological rest in order to let you fully integrate your experiences. The weeks ahead offer a calm and quiet oasis.
 Your heart should feel quite generous today, Taurus. You're most likely feeling the need to keep everyone smiling. Spread your radiant sunshine everywhere 
 A ray of sunshine is likely to shine on you, Taurus. Things may have been cloudy lately, making it harder for you to maintain a positive disposition. Today's news will be uplifting, and you will likely be reminded of all the good times in store for you. Others may feel a bit of stress, but you should be able to see through this and appreciate the benefits of the situation.
 You could be in the spotlight in the next few days, Taurus. Try to resist succumbing to the applause of the audience, as you may encounter some unexpected obstacles. After being recognized by the public, you may need to confront the question, "Now what?" The answer lies in taking a modest approach from the outset.
 The fantasy world that you've built for yourself is a pleasure, Taurus. People frolic in it and have a grand time. Your presence delights people. Today, however, this world may be threatened by harsh realities that are coming in the form of electronic information. This force is powerful and apt to be erratic and spontaneous. Be prepared to stand your ground.
 Dreams and visions might come and go today, Taurus, as unconscious drives and images surface. Some of these impressions could represent old traumas or phobias that need to be released. You could also draw creative inspiration from these perceptions and use them as a basis for artistic projects. By day's end you may feel much lighter 
 A visitor with a few problems might come to your door in search of advice and sympathy, Taurus. He or she might also have some other news that could shock you. A professional crisis might make it necessary for you or your partner to spend most of the day away from home and family. This could be frustrating, particularly if you have to cancel plans. Hang in there!
 You're embarking on a phase devoted in large part to your love life, Taurus! Make this time completely fulfilling by introducing fresh new ideas. Don't let these pleasures grow stale. The cycle ahead is extremely auspicious for romance. It's a good time to take a trip, just the two of you. If you're single, you may meet an uncommonly interesting new person.
 The day is likely to be somewhat challenging, and it contains some disappointments. You're liable to feel dejected if you receive a lackluster response from the world. Apparently, Taurus, your performance has lost some of its ability to captivate an audience. Whether you accept this or try to shine up your act is the question of the day!
 You aren't free enough, Taurus. This is especially true in your relationships. With the current astral energy, you can expect to break free of your chains. It's time for you to participate more in life. Speak your mind. Tell people what you want and when you want it. Surely one of your desires is freedom. Overcome your fear of rejection and ask for it! It really is as simple as that.
 Relations with colleagues could be a bit strained due to increased job stress. If you've been thinking of entering a business or romantic partnership, this isn't the day to decide. Your mind may be a bit muddled. Misunderstandings or misinformation could cause you to doubt the wisdom of the partnership. This needs to be considered objectively, Taurus. Your doubts may be groundless.
 Something strange may happen today. Someone in your family may reproach you for having chosen your profession. It may be that your career has little connection with what people have traditionally done in your family. But just because a tradition is lost doesn't mean that it must be mourned, Taurus. Listen to your heart. If you've chosen a profession that you're truly meant for, you will know it.
 You're currently stuck between two strong desires 
 Organizing your office and paying bills are likely to be on your agenda today, Taurus. You could feel overwhelmed by the tasks, and you might be tempted to put them off. It's better to take it slowly until you get everything done. You don't have to do them all at once. This should lessen the stress. Spend a quiet evening at home.
 Take extra time to tend to your appearance and show off a bit today, Taurus. Keep your shoulders back and head high. Be the proud person you are. You should feel validated. Your job today is to simply uplift people with your presence. This is no sweat for you. Happiness is right up your alley, so have fun.
 You're in the middle of a terrific yearly transition. You have a great deal of physical energy, Taurus. You have an action
 Control issues in your home are apt to be of concern today, Taurus. Be careful about feeding into others' misconceptions of the situation. You're dealing with powerful, opinionated forces that aren't going to want to budge. Someone may have a warped view of the true issue at hand. Lay all the facts on the table before you start drawing any conclusions.
 You may desire freedom today, Taurus. Projects involving partnerships could get a strong push forward because you're feeling especially motivated to get things done. Your partners could be inspired to get the ball rolling, and all of you may feel courageous enough to try the impossible. Don't confuse courage with foolhardiness. Caution is always called for in tricky situations.
 The desire to travel, perhaps to visit a close friend, may come up today, Taurus. You may put a lot of energy into exploring the possibilities. You might also want to travel to places where you can get some artistic inspiration for creative projects. Your energy and enthusiasm are high, so you should be able to accomplish this without neglecting your other chores.
 Your partner's family obligations could interfere with things you wanted to do together, Taurus. Your desire to help could also get in the way of other responsibilities. The best way to handle days like today is to plan carefully. There's always a way to squeeze it all in. This may be what you have to do.
 Taurus, you may have had some confused emotions about your relationship or family over the past few days. You may not have been able to fully express your worries to others. But today these emotions will find a way to come out. Look around you. There might be someone right next to you who can help with your problems.
 You're often moved by emotion, Taurus. You like situations that make you feel alive. Today your love life may give you just that kind of adventurous feeling. If that's the case, don't get so far into your emotions that it becomes too much for you. There is such a concept as too much of a good thing!
 Why not say yes a little more than usual, Taurus? You can be stubborn and want to do only what you want. It isn't easy to lead you into the unknown. You like to prepare in advance. Today when people make unusual propositions, why not go agree? Go on 
 It's often said that your energy feeds on strong emotions. Situations that require some daring are an excellent source of such excitement. This is the key to understanding the day ahead, Taurus. True, you can expect some hair
 Some differences of opinion concerning your love life may come up today, Taurus. You could find your beloved taking more liberties than you allow yourself. Instead of resenting it, follow your partner's lead. This could be a chance to realize that you need more novelty in the emotional realm. Be open to looking into the possibilities. The day ahead could bring you just what you seek.
 Today you may try to contact several people, Taurus, none of whom may be available. You might particularly want to reach a female friend or relative who lives far away. This could prove frustrating, as you have some interesting news for her. Keep trying. You will eventually manage to connect, and she will be glad to hear from you. She might even invite you to visit!
 Your naturally loving nature gets a boost today, Taurus. You could look especially attractive, so don't be surprised if you draw admiring looks from strangers. Romantic novels and movies could seem appealing now, but you're more interested in the real thing. If you can, try to schedule alone time with the special person in your life. You won't regret it!
 You may feel like walking barefoot, comforting your friends, or playing with children. There's a tenderness and openness in the air that affects everyone. It will be like a wonderful day in the country, where everyone is happy to see each other, hug, and tell old family stories for the hundredth time. These days make young people laugh and old people smile.
 If you're concerned about the love that certain close people have for you, you shouldn't try to compensate by being clingy or overly affectionate. This period is about keeping your distance and putting your relationships into perspective to see what they're really worth to you, Taurus. Someone may ask you for an even stronger commitment over the next few months.
 You could receive some sort of windfall today, Taurus. Use it wisely. Consider buying some time to figure out what you want to do with your life. It's likely that your career isn't exactly ringing your bells these days. You're ready for new challenges and opportunities. Meditate on what would make you happy and then take a systematic approach to achieving it.
 You can expect your love life to take a dramatic turn for the better, Taurus. This may be because you feel more self
 You generally enjoy your dreams, Taurus, both the dreaming process and analyzing them later. But tonight you might have too many to keep track of. While you will probably recall the most significant ones, it may be frustrating if you forget any of them. This might be the day to start a dream diary, if you don't have one. Have fun!
 You're feeling strong, energetic, and likely to be inspired to get some real work done around the house, Taurus. Focus on the most mundane chores, such as reorganizing bookshelves or going through the clothes you no longer wear. This day won't be the epitome of intellectual activity, but you will be rewarded with a tidy living space.
 Less is more should be your motto for today, Taurus. The more you cut back in certain areas of your life, the more room you open up to bring in new and exciting things. Go ahead and say no to people, and don't feel badly about it. Take care of yourself and your needs as much as you take care of the needs of the people around you.
 Don't be surprised if you bump into an old friend or colleague today, Taurus. This chance encounter could have a dramatic ripple effect on you as you reflect on your life and analyze how far you've come. You may realize you aren't entirely pleased with your direction. Your friend may point out that there are many paths to happiness. Perhaps it's time to choose another one.
 Take extra care with your appearance today, and clean the house a bit this morning. You may have some visitors, Taurus. Invite them in and make them comfortable. It's likely that they can be of great benefit in furthering your career. Perhaps one of them is well connected in a company you've long wanted to work for. Or maybe you will get an interesting stock tip. Stay alert!
 A close friend or romantic partner might be in a negative mood today, Taurus. You may want to try to lift this person out of that mood. Take your friend to a sporting event, party, or funny movie. If you're refused at first, don't take no for an answer! It will do your friend good to get out of that funk, and it will do you good as well!
 You and a current or potential romantic partner may be in a strange space today, Taurus. Intellectual awareness battles emotional doubts. Communication could be vague and easily misinterpreted, so choose your words carefully, even though it may be difficult to find the right ones. Your relationship should survive the day, but your understanding of each other could suffer if you aren't careful.
 A current or potential romantic partner might seem like the most perfect, wonderful person in the world to you, Taurus. Your romantic nature could get the better of you today. Don't gaze at your partner all dewy eyed! Instead, try to maintain a certain distance to avoid appearing too needy. It was probably your self
 You may discover your emotions are tempered today, as you want to turn inward, Taurus. You're apt to surprise yourself and the people around you when you decide that all you want to do is go into your room and sit by yourself instead of join the crowd outside. Don't feel bad about doing this even if you're expected at the party in full regalia. Do what feels most natural for you.
 Is a romantic partner having trouble communicating with family, Taurus? If so, be prepared to hear about it today. Be a good listener. Your understanding and objectivity will be greatly appreciated. Your beloved probably isn't seeing the real facts and needs an outside party to point this out. However, avoid the temptation to patronize. You could end up in the same doghouse!
 You have big plans, Taurus, and your dreams may be keeping you from paying attention to your work. Don't get too stressed. You've never missed a deadline, so you know that one way or another you will get everything done. In the meantime, begin to make plans for your next getaway. Plaster your office with photos of exotic locations to satisfy your wanderlust for the time being.
 You may feel great about yourself, Taurus. It's no mystery why. You're looking better than you have in months. People are responding to you very favorably. You will get some admiring glances as you walk down the street. You can't help but draw attention to yourself. Your good feeling applies not only to you but also to those around you. Your loved ones are especially dear to your heart right now.
 Changes within a group you're affiliated with might profoundly affect you today, Taurus. Perhaps the group is veering in a new direction that doesn't particularly interest you. You might need to reevaluate your involvement. This could make you rather sad since you've grown fond of the people and won't want to lose them as friends. You need to think. Only you can decide what to do.
 A warm, interesting phone call from a current or potential love partner could have you longing for this person's company, Taurus. You should have a lot to say to each other and so spend a lot of time on the phone. A meeting could be arranged, probably somewhere in your neighborhood. Your chemistry is intense, so don't be surprised by the direction of this involvement.
 A large gathering, perhaps a festival of some kind, could take place in your neighborhood today, Taurus. You could choose to attend with some close friends and your romantic interest. This event could shake everyone up a bit. It could present information that's exciting but also a bit unsettling. It could provide you and your friends with conversation for several days.
 You're in splendid shape today, Taurus! Did a fairy godmother conjure away all the little difficulties of the past few weeks? Enjoy this moment of relief from your worries. As for your love life, some exciting opportunities may arise. Be on the lookout for them, and whatever you do, don't let them escape!
 You've made it over the hump, Taurus. You've moved beyond the problems of the recent past and are entering a more peaceful phase. You will complete your projects at work, and your domestic life will be the picture of bliss and harmony. Enjoy this period of rest and relaxation. It will soon be followed by a period of intense longing requiring your total attention.
 A friend may ask to borrow some money today, Taurus. You may feel that he or she is asking for more than is really needed, and certainly more than you're willing to give. You might think this puts you in an awkward position. Try to talk to your friend and explain your situation. If you have to say no, just say it. A real friend will understand and look elsewhere for the money.
 Respect your superiors today, Taurus. There's great wisdom to be learned, so keep your eyes and ears open. Hasty actions are bound to get you in trouble. Don't step blindly into situations. Make sure you have all the facts before you proceed. The information is out there, but you have to be patient to find it. Make sure your goals are worthy before extend yourself trying to reach them.
 Let your guard down today, Taurus. Don't feel like you need to perform for anyone. Accept the notion that you're perfect the way you are. You don't have to prove your self
 Take your focus off you and concentrate on someone else for a day, Taurus. This doesn't mean focusing so the person will stop and pay attention to you. It doesn't mean getting their attention so that you have someone who will listen to you talk. Get someone's attention because you really want to hear what he or she has to say.
 You may be fidgeting, Taurus, given your general restlessness. You're anxious to get up and do some sort of song and dance, and yet you insist on waiting for the right time. Meanwhile, you're getting extremely anxious for your big moment. You're in charge of your own show. If you feel ready to go on, don't wait. Added anxiety will only cause you to forget your lines.
 The desire to stay home alone and rest tonight might conflict with a need to go out with your friends, Taurus. You may be too stressed to put up with gossip or too much intellectual stimulation. Tell your friends you will go out with them another time. All signs indicate that this is the wisest course for now. Relax with some hot chocolate and a pile of movies.
 Family problems may have a friend or love partner feeling unsettled and helpless, Taurus. This person could have a few communication problems, especially if firmness is required. Don't get sucked into the situation. Just point out the facts and encourage your friend to consider every factor on its own merits. While you do this, you might have some insights into a problem of your own.
 Money matters are highlighted today, Taurus. You can expect to spend a lot of time with the calculator as you balance your checkbook or begin to work on your budget. Even if you don't consider yourself particularly good with numbers, you will do a great job. You're conscientious. Success in all endeavors is indicated today.
 Juggling work and home may seem difficult today, Taurus. Work responsibilities may weigh on your mind to the point where they interfere with the harmony of your home life. This can cause some inner conflict. It might be wise to prioritize work tasks on paper and schedule duties and deadlines. Then you can spend time with your family without worrying that work will be forgotten.
 Romance is in the air today, Taurus. Alas, it seems to rain down on everyone but you. You must have put on your romance
 If you've been considering a career in writing or teaching, Taurus, this is an ideal day to put some plans into motion. Your imagination and inspiration are highlighted, as is your facility with words. This combination pretty much guarantees that you could sell anything to anyone. If you're ready to pitch a book proposal to a publisher, do it now.
 Children may be a part of your day today, Taurus. You might attend a party for children or a larger gathering that includes them. At some point you might even be telling them a story. This will probably be as much fun for you as for your audience, who are likely to be very appreciative. Don't be afraid to ham it up a little 
 Today's planetary energies may put spiritual matters in your mind, Taurus. You may not be thinking in religious terms. Your focus is likely to be on the state of humanity and what you can do to help others less fortunate. Make some calls or do some research online. Find out how you can get involved. If you're short on time, a monetary gift can help you feel more connected and peaceful.
 For the past few days your mind has been primarily on the loftier side of romance 
 The vast social whirl of late might have overwhelmed you with new names and faces, all of which you want to remember. Today would be a good day to follow up with some of them by phone, postcard, or email. Your charisma and sincerity are likely to have made just as much of an impression on them as they did on you, Taurus. Don't be shy.
 Today you might be pleasantly surprised to realize that you're in far better financial shape than you thought. You could discover a hidden talent for money management that you didn't think you had. You might also be anticipating a raise or some other increase in income. Optimism and enthusiasm are what drive you today, Taurus. Your hopes for the future seem more grounded in reality than ever.
 Don't just talk about grand trips around the world 
 Don't get bogged down by past events today, Taurus. It's time to move forward. Leap out of bed as if it were your first day on the planet. Realize how lucky you are to be alive and how much power and influence you have. Use your power wisely, for you will find that it's stronger than usual. Note that relationships with women are apt to be especially rewarding on a day like this.
 An extra log has been thrown on your fire today, Taurus, so don't be surprised if you burn especially hot. Use your internal furnace to make some breakthroughs and bring matters to a higher level. Turn up the intensity on certain issues that require more life. You will bring a great deal of positive energy to just about everything you touch, so use it wisely.
 Plans to work at home at least part of the time might be firming up for you, Taurus. Your mind is very much on home and family right now, so you might be thinking in terms of leaving the rat race of the city and creating your own office. Success is highly indicated, so it's well worth going for. If you start planning today, you might have it worked out soon.
 Issues of the heart may be a bit difficult to deal with now, Taurus. Try not to completely shut off the channels of communication while you work on dealing with these issues. It's vital that you open the channels wider and bring more of your feelings to the surface. Compassionate people will listen to you and help sort out your emotions if you let them.
 It's important to be more sensitive toward other people's feelings today, Taurus. You may feel more vulnerable than usual. You should do what you can to keep from becoming a victim. Realize that harsh words coming your way now could be a reflection of the harsh words that you've dished out in the past. Ultimately, the events of today could be a good learning experience.
 You can look forward to a new sense of purpose and higher morale, Taurus. Ambition, diligence, and a lot of hard work could pay off now. You could soon be raking in the benefits. You're feeling strong, fit, and physically healthy, as if you could seize the world in your two hands. This is a great time to take the next step in your personal relationship.
 Have fun today, Taurus, but make sure you're always professional and polite. Appearance and a good
 Tackle things that require high energy today, Taurus. This is your day to make short work of chores, errands, or any sort of physical activity. Patience is the thing that you will lack, if anything, but don't worry, because your strengths lie elsewhere now. Your heart is apt to sing once you get going on a personal project about which you feel passionate.
 Friends or a group with which you're affiliated could propose a trip. This might seem like a great adventure, Taurus, so you're likely to go for it. You will probably have a wonderful time. You might make some new friends while you're away, or even fall in love. A little break might fire your enthusiasm for pursuing career or educational opportunities when you return. Go for it!
 Take action that will help you find greater freedom in your life, Taurus. In an attempt to please the people around you, you may be giving up too much of yourself. Before you know it, you may be in shackles connected to people, situations, and commitments that you can't seem to extricate yourself from. Use today to free yourself from these chains.
 Love and romance are in the air tonight, so feel free to let loose, Taurus. Instead of being a passive, gentle, soft kind of love, the emotion you feel may be more forceful, passionate, and aggressive. Roll with this feeling as you seduce the object of your desire. Take charge in the bedroom as you lure your mate with your fantastic love of life and desire to have a good time.
 You might find it difficult to connect with others today, Taurus. Your brain may seem like it's in some other dimension. Appreciate the power of circular movement in your life. Seek things that are fast paced and a bit bizarre. Go to a roller derby. A simple thing like a coin rolling down the sidewalk may allow you to connect with another way of thinking about your life.
 Some strange dreams could stimulate your imagination and start you on new avenues of exploration. You might at some point play detective. What you seek is likely to be within your psyche. Don't be surprised if you learn new things about yourself that you hadn't been aware of before. You could also find your psychic faculties increasing.
 A relationship that you may have recently formed might have you in a dither today, Taurus. This could be romantic or some other sort of acquaintance. You might not be sure about which way you want this involvement to develop. This isn't the day to think much about it, as things probably won't become clear today. Wait a few days, get to know the person a little better, and then consider your options.
 You have a tremendous amount of drive and enthusiasm to help you move forward in your projects, Taurus. Be careful that you don't act hastily or impulsively. Be careful of starting out on a new path without having a good idea about where it's going. Rash decisions may lead to dangerous situations, so know what direction to go in before you start the car. Be safe.
 Today is one of those days when you might feel like four people have a hold of each of your limbs, Taurus. The people are tugging and you're getting stretched in every direction. Someone wants you to go there, someone wants you to come here. Take some time out for yourself and clearly state your needs to others. Make it known what the best situation for you would be.
 Educational or spiritual growth on your part is likely to attract new friends who could become close companions. There could even be a new romantic partner in the bunch. This comes from the expansion of your mind, Taurus. The new people should share your interests and turn into companions on your quest for enlightenment. Accept their friendship and move ahead. Don't look back 
 You may feel a little upset and somewhat depressed by a temporary separation from a loved one. As a result, you might throw your energy into creative projects. The results could show a power and intensity that you don't usually expect. Children and young people could benefit from your advice and guidance now, Taurus, so don't be afraid to give it. Just express yourself clearly.
 Trust your instincts regarding anyone you meet today, Taurus. There are unethical people around, and one of them may enter your circle. Entering into legal contracts or business or personal partnerships of any kind is absolutely out of the question. Don't even go to renew your driver's license, as you're likely to fail the eye exam! Stay home and save contracts and bureaucracy for another day.
 If you aren't traveling today, Taurus, you will likely take a big trip soon. It seems that you will be sharing a room with someone special. A close friend or significant other may accompany you. You can look forward to all the romantic possibilities that come with exploring new lands together. It's bound to be a wonderful trip.
 A book, letter, or other important piece of paperwork that was misplaced might finally be found today, Taurus. This is important, as it may relate to financial concerns or a creative project that you've been working on. The information it contains should motivate you to move ahead and put this matter to rest. Much of your day could be spent dealing with this. Go to it!
 Some intellectual knowledge that you gain today is apt to make a significant difference in whatever creative projects you're working on, Taurus. A friend or partner could help in some way. A current enterprise may go in a new direction or you could start a new project. Whatever it is, expect to feel inspired. Don't be surprised at the exceptional quality of your work!
 Today you might decide to host an impromptu party, Taurus, and a lot of merry and interesting people could attend. You will have a lot of fun, blow off steam, and feel pleasantly exhausted when it's over. Go for it! The only problem is one member of your household might not be up for too much noise. Try to make certain everyone keeps their voices down and don't play any loud music.
 There's a chance you will receive an early morning visitor, Taurus. While it's a surprise, it turns out to be a welcome one. This visitor is likely to come bearing gifts of some kind, either in the form of interesting news or encouraging words. Listen carefully, but beware of idle gossip. Take care not to spread rumors that you don't know to be true.
 Love and romance are apt to be among your top priorities today, Taurus. Someone from far away might have captured your heart. You could be looking forward to getting together tonight, perhaps to attend a concert or sporting event. You should find this person's presence very healing right now. At the end of the evening, you will feel mentally and physically inspired. Have fun!
 Today you might gather with some very smart friends at a coffee house for an intellectual conversation, Taurus. Some fascinating ideas and useful information could be exchanged. Much of what is said could inspire new creative projects. If it isn't too late, walk home and clear your head or sleep may be a bit elusive tonight!
 You're adapting to your changing environment as quickly as you can, Taurus. You may seem a little preoccupied or distant to those around you, but this is because you actually need all of your energy to adjust. Don't worry too much about trying to please others now. You already have plenty on your mind. They're going to have to be patient!
 Pessimism over money matters may plague you today, Taurus. Perhaps a desired increase in income hasn't materialized, or you've been hoping to make a particular purchase that you still can't quite afford. This might be the time to put your ingenuity to work and come up with a contingency plan to earn the money you need. You will be able to find good opportunities. It beats waiting!
 Sudden and unexpected problems could have your household in chaos, Taurus. This probably doesn't relate to difficulties with your housemates. It's more likely to involve problems with wiring, appliances, or phone lines. It could be annoying to deal with repairmen in and out of your house, but you will have to bear with it. You want your household back to normal as soon as possible.
 Like a surfer who wants to ride the endless wave, you must first prepare yourself before you jump into the ocean with your board, Taurus. Sit on the real or imaginary beach for a while and contemplate the tide. Watch the currents and see how other surfers fare under the prevailing conditions. You will find that the more preparation you do, the more secure you will be when you hit the water.
 You may be a bit aggravated today, Taurus. People seem to be more of a hindrance than a help to you. Don't be too accusatory until you make sure that you're operating honestly and productively. You may automatically go into defensive mode and end up accusing someone of the very thing that you're guilty of.
 Creative projects may take on a new intensity now. New ideas and visions may appear out of nowhere. Whatever you're working on could have new meaning for you and others. Your physical energy is driven by your efforts to express yourself, so you might keep working for a long time. Sex and romance also take a center stage in your priorities, Taurus. You feel passionate about everything!
 Books or lectures on spiritual or metaphysical matters could inspire you to pursue a subject and perhaps do some writing, Taurus. Contact with friends or colleagues with similar interests could result in fascinating discussions. You might receive some insights about how to pursue your goals more effectively. It will advance you materially as well as intellectually and spiritually.
 Your physical and mental energies overflow today, Taurus. You may want to tackle every possible project that could bring advancement along whatever lines you want. Artistic endeavors, group activities, and social events are strong possibilities, so get busy! This should also be an exhilarating day when you accomplish a lot. Enjoy yourself thoroughly while doing it. Go for the gold, and have fun!
 You're quite sure of yourself and solid about many things except one. When it comes to romantic relationships, you feel a bit unsure and inadequate, Taurus. It could be that you're indecisive about how to proceed. There's a strong urge to take charge, but also a tendency to slow things down and let others take the lead. Figure out your needs before you make long
 This is a terrific day for you, Taurus. You can accomplish a great deal when you set your mind in motion. There's a strong, warlike instinct within you that's fired up and ready to fight. Leave your worries at the doorstep, because there's no need to hesitate on a day like this. Your kingdom is ready for you. Be strong and remember that the best way to lead people is to walk behind them.
 A new fascination with history or an exotic culture could drive you to learn more about it, Taurus. It could become an obsession, for today at least. You might spend a lot of time online or in the library or talking to people who specialize in this field. By day's end, your mind could be spinning like a top. Take a walk and clear your head or you might not be able to sleep.
 There's something in the air pushing you toward change or renewal. Is it time to change your wardrobe or redecorate your home? If so, today's the day. If you have a budget, you will find it just as fulfilling (and a lot cheaper) to rid your home of all the things that just aren't "you" anymore. Surround yourself with things you love.
 If certain projects or tasks have seemed difficult to finish, take advantage of the energy provided by today's planetary aspects. This energy will give you all the zip you need, Taurus. It's a good time to meet with others to discuss important matters. Your communication and cooperation skills will be increased. You can make decisions much more quickly than usual. Have a productive day!
 Step out of your routine, Taurus. Do this every so often to increase your knowledge and expand your horizons. The planetary aspects favor this. Walking to a different beat can give you far more than you imagine. Try something you've never considered before. Go to a new place. Change your desk around to gain a new perspective. See what you can discover about yourself and the world.
 Today, Taurus, you will probably have a ton of energy at your disposal for getting into all kinds of activities. Finish any work that still needs to be completed. Do some cleaning and organizing or see about getting out for a little warm weather fun. Whatever you choose, try to make sure it's active. You will need a place for all that energy to go. Quiet sedentary pursuits won't do it for you.
 One day, I want to be. When you were little, how did you finish that sentence, Taurus? See what your memory and imagination come up with. Is your life what you dreamed it would be? If not, consider what you could do to change it. Maybe you should lie on your back and gaze at the clouds or stars. This childlike activity may spark some ideas for you.
 If you happen to meet new people today, Taurus, be careful. Some folks appear interesting because they're bold or dangerous. Perhaps they do things you'd never dream of doing. This may seem interesting, but it can lead to trouble and hurt you if you aren't careful. Stick to your usual standards and ethics. If danger excites you too much, it may be time to reexamine your life and change things.
 Time alone is essential for everyone, Taurus, but make sure you recognize when you're isolated to the point where it's unhealthy. If you realize you're alone because you're avoiding something, you might consider your alternatives. Things will only fester under these conditions. Face whatever it is that's upsetting you so you can begin to work things out.
 A meeting may take place today that you don't want to attend, Taurus. It could be long and boring, but you should still make the effort to listen. Colleagues will want to discuss the issues with you afterward, and you might learn something in spite of the boredom. Think of it this way 
 Financial growth adds to a growing sense of self
 Things may be calm today, Taurus. You might not be your boisterous self, but that could be a good thing. Use the sobering energy to evaluate your emotions and honestly look at your relationships. Are you getting the respect you deserve? Perhaps you need to tell some people that their words or actions aren't OK. Meanwhile, get things done. Take care of errands and check items off your list.
 Your intuitive abilities are at an all
 A group with which you're affiliated may be temporarily torn apart by politics and quarrels. If so, Taurus, it's best to stay out of it. A friend could be having trouble and come to you for advice and help. Don't get too frustrated by his or her weaknesses. This could be a frustrating day for you 
 Career developments could look promising now, Taurus, and you might be in a hurry to finish whatever needs to be done. But responsibilities to home and family might interfere. For some reason, you might have to stay home. Perhaps you experienced some intense dreams that you feel are significant but you can't remember them. If you stop trying to remember, they may come back to you.
 A surge of passion could dominate your day unless you find an outlet for it, Taurus. Romantic passion is high, so an intimate evening with a lover is a good idea. Creative passion is strong. You could have a sudden inspiration, perhaps influenced by a distant place. Don't be afraid to take time from your mundane chores to pursue this inspiration. Creativity is as important as anything else.
 You might feel especially playful today, Taurus. You can expect to feel a great deal of love and affection from others. Be aware that you will have a strong tendency to indulge in food and drink, so try to keep things in moderation. You may have an aversion to work and lack self
 A visitor may come over today, Taurus, but you might wonder why this person bothered. He or she may seem distracted and more inclined to listen to what you say than offer any conversation. Chances are that your friend felt lonely and needed some company. Be flattered. Don't be afraid to launch into a monologue about something you find fascinating. It may be just what your friend needs.
 Your heart may feel extra loving today, Taurus, which is good, since you will probably need it. There is most likely someone close to you who needs a lift of some sort. You may be like the tow truck that arrives to pull a car out of the ditch. Be careful when you hook up the chains. Don't scratch the bumper or pull too hard all at once!
 This is a climactic time for you, Taurus. All your yearly cycles have reached a critical juncture. You may feel as if you're at a point of tremendous victory or terrible failure. Either way, it's important that you look on this time as a celebration that you've made it this far. Make changes where necessary and continue to reevaluate your progress over the next few months.
 You're an appealing person, Taurus, but today you could project more magnetism than ever. Don't be surprised if you draw admiring glances from strangers you pass in the street. Romance should be going very well for you. A hot date with a current or potential love partner could take place tonight. You might also be feeling especially artistic and inspired. Consider this a gift and use it.
 Today you're likely to experience a heightened level of intuition and how to use it, Taurus. This could mean advancing a career, furthering a personal goal, or helping a friend. Right now you may be especially good at sizing up people, and you're instinctively aware of how to deal with them. Make use of this ability while you can, because right now it could lead to success and good fortune.
 Certain people close to you are very demanding today. They may ask you to deal with thankless tasks that use up your precious energy. Avoid spreading yourself too thin if you want to reach your goals. Usually you aren't afraid of anything. Nothing can get in your way. From now on, take the time to think about things before you act, Taurus. That way, your dreams will come true more quickly.
 You've always been sensitive to the pain of an unhappy childhood, Taurus. Today you can no longer stand the thought of all those children living in misery, victims of war or other atrocities. And this becomes especially painful when you take a look at the happy children full of joy around you. You may think that it's time for you to do something about it. You may be right.
 The period you're in now is about getting ahead, Taurus. If you've been dissatisfied with some aspect of your career over the last few months, don't wait any longer to do something about it. Things aren't going to get better all by themselves. You need to remold your reality to fit your goals and aspirations. This would be a perfect day to ask for a raise if you feel you deserve one.
 This is a good day to spend some time alone, Taurus. You may have projects you want to finish, and you have the energy to get a lot done. You could feel restless, but socializing might not be a good idea. Tempers may be short and frustrations high among those in your social circle. Quarrels might break out. Get out on your own, then work on whatever you want. This way you will enjoy your day.
 Today an important goal might reach a point you've been aiming at for a long time. All those in your entourage have new respect for you. In fact, Taurus, relationships of all kinds are warm, open, and honest, and you will probably enjoy the company of others immensely now. Romance, in particular, goes well. Feel free to indulge in a little celebration.
 More than one problem with modern equipment could rear its head today, Taurus. Computers could malfunction, crash, or be maddeningly slow. You might also have a hard time reaching people you need to talk to. Don't be tempted to blow your top. That won't accomplish anything. Just call the technicians and get it handled. Tomorrow everything should be back to normal.
 Correspondence with someone who lives far away could appear to lead to something more than friendship, Taurus. This person seems to be in total accord with you about nearly everything, and warm feelings could flow between you. However, if you haven't met in person, you should, at least before you get your hopes up for a relationship. It may be just what you've wanted 
 It should be easier than usual to concentrate on the practical aspects of finances, Taurus. A keener mind combines with enhanced intuition to give you a special edge when it comes to making decisions on everything that concern money, so make the most of it while you can. Connect with the people you love tonight.
 You may need to take care of paperwork related to financial matters today, Taurus. You will pay bills, make deposits, or balance checkbooks. Whatever you need to handle, you will get it done, and done well. You might even find that you're better off financially than you thought you were. In the evening, go to a movie and forget about money for a while.
 Generally you avoid politics in any group you belong to, Taurus, but today you might get caught up in the fray in order to support a friend. This goes against your grain. Be sure and assess the situation carefully before getting too involved. Friend or not, you aren't going to want to alienate anyone in the group. Think about it. Is it worth it?
 Are you involved in an ambitious, creative project of some kind, Taurus? You might have so much to do that you decide to take on a partner, if you haven't already. When you and this person work together, the whole is definitely greater than the sum of the parts. Without him or her, you might try to do the whole project yourself, which won't do you or the project any good.
 Continued success and good fortune regarding finances could have you flying high right now, Taurus. You're probably glowing with self
 Love, passion, romance, and marriage 
 A misunderstanding with a family member or partner could mar your morning, Taurus. One of you is less communicative than usual. It might take some effort to bring the issues into the open and work them out. They probably seem more serious than they are. Both you and the other person are apt to be stressed out and a little on edge. Cut yourselves some slack.
 Some unexpected calls from friends or colleagues could bring you wonderful news today, Taurus. A serendipitous lucky break could end the logjam that has held up the attainment of all your dreams. Love, money, success in career and personal development 
 Today you could feel a rush of sensual passion and desire, Taurus. You may want to get together with a love partner in the evening, but not be able to do it right now. Other responsibilities could get in the way of what you want to do. Perhaps it's best to schedule a meeting of some kind, even if it's very late in the evening. You will need the comfort if nothing else.
 The day may be somewhat trying for you, Taurus. You may have a speech to deliver or a private performance to put on for your beloved. In any case, you will have to prove yourself, and you will spare no energy in the attempt. By the end of the day, you will be satisfied but completely drained. Plan to rest afterward. You will have earned it.
 You have the creative ability to make a real go of your music or writing. Why not put it to better use? Are you afraid to take the risk? Today you may be inspired to rise above your fear as you read a book or hear a piece of music that moves you to want to create one of your own. It's never too late to get started, Taurus.
 Conversation and travel are highlighted today, Taurus. You may sit next to someone fascinating on a plane ride. You two have much in common, and the time will pass quickly as you enjoy discovering more about one another. You're likely to exchange phone numbers, if not kisses, by the end of the trip. There's no denying the chemistry. The question remains whether you will act on it or not.
 A friend from far away could contact you by phone, email, or even in person, Taurus. This person might bring great news that suddenly turns your life in a new direction. This could involve a new intellectual study or possibly a new circle of friends. At any rate, you will certainly enjoy catching up and hearing what your friend has to say.
 Some problems with the structure of your house may need attention, Taurus. Perhaps the plumbing or electrical wiring isn't operating at maximum efficiency. It probably isn't a good idea to try to fix this yourself, but you might not be able to reach a professional today. You will want to get this done soon. Don't be tempted to forget about it.
 Be the star of your own movie and proud of the role you play, Taurus. You might find yourself taking on many different characters, depending on your mood of the hour. There's a special gleam in your eye that you should share openly with others. Don't feel rushed to get anywhere. You've already arrived. Enjoy yourself in the company of those you love.
 Today you're likely to feel especially romantic and sexy, and anxious to get together with a love partner. This doesn't mean you aren't in the mood for socializing in general. In fact, you may look forward to meeting with friends. You should be feeling especially creative, and you could spend a lot of your day either planning or working on projects.
 An important project could require intense concentration today, Taurus, and you're in the right frame of mind. You could be pleased with the results and so could others whose opinions matter. Expect public acknowledgment of some kind. A boost to your self
 Social events and group activities are likely to take up most of your day, Taurus. You could come into contact with so many people you may not be able to keep track of them all. Get contact information for all new acquaintances. You should experience a lot of intellectual stimulation. Conversations take up most of your energy. This should be an enjoyable but tiring day.
 Group activities dedicated to intellectual or humanitarian matters could prove rewarding, Taurus, particularly if you attend them in the company of friends, a partner, or both. New people could make your acquaintance. Your intellect and intuition are sharp, and your interactions are likely to be congenial, stimulating, and rewarding. Books could prove especially enlightening.
 This could prove to be a gratifying day, Taurus. Recent success in business might now be making a positive difference in your financial situation. This is apt to boost your mood quite a bit and you're probably feeling optimistic and enthusiastic about your future. You could lapse into some very pleasant daydreams about the possibilities, but don't get carried away. Try to remain practical.
 Various personal issues might be on your mind today, Taurus. You could want to work them all out without distractions, so you may decide to spend part of the day alone. Responsibilities from the outside world might make it impossible for you to take as much time as you'd like. Don't let it get to you. Work out the matters that seem most pressing and save the rest for later.
 Your social life might suddenly be busier than you expected, Taurus, perhaps because of the appearance of some interesting new people. This could involve a group with which you're affiliated, perhaps one with a humanitarian focus. Expect to be busy over the next few weeks, as this trend isn't likely to slow down soon. Stimulating conversations could set your mind going a mile a minute.
 Today you might have to do a lot of communicating with friends. Perhaps you need to make phone calls or catch up on correspondence. You may be on the verge of attaining a goal. Consider giving it that last little spurt of energy to complete. This could involve a lot of time in the car or on the phone, Taurus, but stick with it. You will be glad you did.
 A friend or family member might act strangely and seem distracted. You may wonder if he or she is upset with you. This probably isn't the case. This person has issues that need attention. Allow them some space. A romantic partner might have to break a date tonight. Spend the evening alone with a novel and look forward to the next get
 A temporary upset with a partner might distract you so you can't function as effectively as you normally do. Don't let your anger get the best of you. The situation is probably due to a lack of communication, and could be cleared up with explanations, understanding, and an agreement as to how similar situations should be handled. By the end of the day, all should be well again.
 Everything should be going great for your career, Taurus. It may all seem too good to be true, but rest assured that it's real. Events could involve a job change, promotion, raise, or the opportunity to strike out on your own. Don't kid yourself. A lot of challenges lie ahead, but this should all lead to great personal satisfaction in the long run. Go for it.
 There may be some serious miscommunication today, so be honest in all your dealings, Taurus. Be as straightforward as possible, since issues can backfire if the truth is clouded. Honesty is invaluable and must be maintained at all times. You have the power to make a lasting impression on people. Curb your tendency to snap at others. Watch out for accidents involving fire or metal.
 Love, sex, and romance are on your mind today, Taurus, so you will want to spend as much time as possible with your lover. You could also grow closer to your friends, resulting in a powerful feeling of unity. Right now you have the gift of being able to exercise good judgment when it comes to values in life. If decisions need to be made along this line, this is the time to make them.
 For the past several weeks you've felt like you've been dragging your heels, Taurus. Decisions may have been hard to make and people may have seemed wishy
 Don't mess with superiors or people in authority today, Taurus, or you might end up in some serious hot water. Take it easy and try not get bogged down by negative emotions. Things may not be as sunny as usual, but that doesn't mean the day will be terrible. Complete projects and stay focused on things that require a great deal of discipline on your part.
 People may tug at you from all sides today, Taurus. No matter which way you turn, someone is there. Be patient and levelheaded. Your time will come. For now, look at these challenges as lessons for the future and learn from them. Your point of view isn't the only one in the world. It would probably be a good thing if you worked on incorporating other people's opinions into your own.
 Your romantic side is powerfully charged today, Taurus. The more you tune in to this side of your nature, the happier you will be. The one thing to watch out for is keeping at least one foot on the ground at all times. Work from a stable platform of honesty and practicality. Without this foundation, you will be hard pressed to establish any walls or windows.
 There's a warm and friendly feeling to the day that you will find agreeable to your boisterous personality, Taurus. Find strength and peace with the people around you and work to make solid connections among your friends. The people around you are your greatest resource, so treat them with honor and respect. Stay in balance by recognizing the strength in others.
 You may not feel in sync with the day's energy, Taurus. Something about it may not sit right with you. Your natural instinct to want to take the lead may be overshadowed by an unwillingness to even get up. You may feel like your internal fire is squelched, especially when it comes to love and beauty. If your mind is cloudy, don't worry about it. The fog will clear soon.
 It may be hard to resolve anything today, Taurus. It could be that there's an overwhelming resistance making it difficult to act according to plan. Today isn't a good day to fight. If things don't seem to be going your way, don't push it. Trying to strong
 Some of you still let individuals from other Zodiac Signs do all the creating for you. The planetary configuration today pushes you to free yourself from the ties that bind you. It's time for you to show more creativity. Show the gems that you usually hide. Express yourself fully, without hesitation. Show others who's really in charge.
 It's possible that you're having some ups and downs in your love life at the moment. Someone may be asking you to play another role than you're used to playing in your relationship. Today, Taurus, you should take the time to think about these pressures on you. You're going to need the answers to these questions over the next few months.
 It may be upsetting to you, Taurus, but there's something you need to think about. You should finally get it through your head that the people you often call "brilliant" are only reflections of you. If this month you decide to have a little faith in yourself and assert yourself a little, you could be in for some very nice surprises! You'll see!
 Get your life in order today, Taurus. Take off the mask you've been wearing and look in the mirror. Make sure you like the person you see. This is a good day to put frivolity aside and concentrate on what you need to accomplish. Tend to your duties and plan wisely for the future. Store up your resources instead of squandering them all now.
 The more you let your ego and fantasies swell today, Taurus, the more friction you will encounter. Others aren't going to be fooled, nor are they going to want to deal with frivolity. You might consider letting someone else take the lead while you focus more on your internal energy. Don't be surprised if you cry for no apparent reason. It's important that the tears come out.
 You greet the day energized! Your confidence is at an all
 Your artistic side likes to mingle with people who are a shade off normal. You call them eccentric 
 The world probably isn't going to revolve around you today, Taurus, so get used to it. Even though this may not be the news you want to hear, it's probably the news you most need to hear. Use your incredible passion to nurture others. Think less about yourself and more about the people around you, especially your family. Stick close to home and take care of chores.
 Be careful about the way your words come across to others, Taurus. You might not realize how much other people's feelings are affected until it's too late. Consider backing off for a while and taking a break from your normal performance. Practice your lines at home. You may be in a bit of a funk, but the good news is that you will snap out of it very soon.
 There are days when you should take everything with a grain of salt. Today you may realize how important it is to gain the appreciation and respect of a certain person. It isn't worth getting worked up about. You will only make things worse. You may just need to do something that puts the fire back into your emotions.
 You have a lot to offer, Taurus. Everyone appreciates what you have to contribute. Yet you've been unable to give yourself credit for all that you've accomplished. It would be worthwhile to take some time to contemplate why this is so. You have a strong need to be loved, but you must first love yourself. Your family and friends will support you, but first you must support yourself.
 Your greatest quality is generosity, Taurus. Your nature isn't to give to others in order to get something back but for the pleasure of giving. This is how you get power and light. Think of all the people in the world who give of themselves without expecting anything in return. You don't have to make much effort to be one of those people 
 Your energy and spunk should finally return after a couple days of feeling slightly down, Taurus. You should enjoy a good mood all day. Your powers of persuasion are strong. There's an extra boost of energy behind your emotions. You will find that this could lead to some sort of transformation deep within. Whatever you do, do it with passion. Let your courageous nature shine through.
 Try not to be extravagant today, Taurus. You're much better off lying low. Focus on you and what you need to do. Don't waste your time trying to attract others' attention. Let them deal with themselves while you concentrate on your goals and chores. Tackle all projects with gusto. You will find that you can be very productive as long as you stay focused and calm.
 Let your fun
 Taurus, this may prove a challenging day for you. You're used to being the sovereign surrounded by courtiers currying your favor. There's something trying to draw attention away from you, reminding you that there are other people on this planet besides you. An unexpected messenger may crop up to remind you that not everything revolves around your existence.
 Ignite the fire in your heart, Taurus, and make it burn more brightly than before. Keep in mind that you may need to make compromises in order to be on the same page with your lover in the way you relate emotionally. Make sure everyone gets a chance to be on center stage. Don't hog the podium. Maintain a working balance by letting others have their turn in the spotlight.
 Maintain an air of detachment, Taurus. Feel free to delve into your fantasy world and let your emotions carry you to another realm. Today is one of those days when you might come up with a new invention that could become the next must
 A solid grounding is apt to be extremely important to you today, Taurus. Hearts may be broken or won, depending on how well you play your cards. Keep in mind that the slow and steady contender is most likely going to win this race. All the talk in the world will get you nowhere. Today is about quality and action. Shoddy efforts will yield shoddy results.
 A disagreement with a business or romantic partner could turn into an argument today. This won't do anything to increase the effectiveness of your relationship, Taurus. If the smallest hint of a difference of opinion comes up, try to settle it before it gets too heated. Try to be objective and see the other person's point of view. Don't let a minor dispute turn into a power struggle.
 A new neighbor could arrive who you feel especially drawn to, Taurus. You might have high hopes for a friendship with this person. He or she may seem especially congenial and share a lot of your interests, and this could seem almost too perfect. However, you're in just the mood to idealize new relationships, so don't get too excited until you get to know this person better.
 New people may come into your life today. If you get bad vibes from one of them, trust your instincts! Signs are that you will meet at least one new acquaintance who isn't trustworthy. This isn't a good day to enter into any kind of partnership, nor is it a good day to get married or even propose marriage. Put all plans for cementing partnerships on hold for a few days!
 Most people form their opinions on the basis of what they're told by a few people who supposedly know what they're talking about. Certain ideas become fashionable. Today, Taurus, you have no patience for these tendencies. In fact, you're tempted to use vulgar language just to shock the pseudo
 Today, Taurus, you might get the chance to take a trip around the world to visit fabulous palaces and experience a timeless love, and all 
 Bring things back into balance, Taurus. You've probably been so focused on yourself that you've completely forgotten about others. It's time to fill in the rest of the equation and take into account what other people feel. Balance is crucial in every part of your life so that you maintain a healthy viewpoint. A clear mind allows you to see the truth of what's really going on.
 This is an important day for you to give thanks for all that you have, Taurus. Give your loved ones extra hugs and let them know how much they mean to you. If things start to get a bit too serious and somber, you're the one who can pull others out of the rut. There is no need to be sad when you have so much to be happy about.
 Connect with the person sitting next to you on the bus, Taurus, or the one behind you in line at the store. He or she may have a piece of wisdom to share that will change your life forever. Know that you, too, could be that person who changes someone else's life with a single thought or piece of wisdom. Communication is the key to expanding your world in many ways.
 Things should go well for you today, Taurus, especially in the love and romance department. Don't shy away from the obvious attraction that you have toward one special person. Today is the day to amplify that feeling instead of hide from it. Show off your love with the brightest, boldest colors and actions possible. There is magic in the attention that you give and receive.
 Family members could be upset over different frustrating events in their lives, and these moods could spill over to you. Today it would be best to leave them alone to work things out in their own way. They aren't likely to respond to sympathy. Take this opportunity to tend to some of your concerns that you may have postponed. This way, the silence in the house can work for you.
 Do you feel a little under the weather, Taurus? It's possible, considering all the emotional turmoil you've been through lately. It takes time to recover from those storms. As you know, the work itself isn't what gets you down but rather your worries about the future that drain your energy. Give yourself a break today. Take some time for rest and recuperation.
 You will probably want everyone to know how you feel today, Taurus. You won't be shy about expressing your emotions. Feel free to take the lead on matters, for you have the self
 You may feel a bit stodgy today, Taurus, but things are going to pick up tonight. There will be a great deal of air to fuel your fire, and you're ready to burn! You could be like a desert of dry sagebrush just ready to be set alight. The whole mountainside is about to go up in a beautiful blaze of glory. You're ready to shine like the brilliant star that you are.
 What an odd day, Taurus! You feel like you've been given a one
 What do you have to lose, Taurus? The planets are shaking you in the hopes of ridding you of your old objectives to make way for new growth. You feel doubt where once there was only certainty. When you consider the worst that can happen, it may help you to realize that what you're clinging to really isn't all that important. It's time to let go and begin anew.
 We need to have more people like you in places of power, Taurus. And don't feel like it's out of the question. Today's astrological weather is helping you find the confidence and physical strength you need to boost your leadership abilities. This is the time to take control of the situation. You can do it!
 Pride might get in your way today, Taurus. Perhaps you will be asked to do a task that you consider beneath you. Perhaps the people around you are feeling persnickety. Rise above the insults and make a special effort to do the best you can, defusing the situation before it gets out of hand. Tonight enjoy an evening at a concert or the theater.
 There is a great deal of emotion and drive to the day, just the way you like it, Taurus. Make sure you don't get stuck with the short end of the stick as the day comes to a close. An honest fight or debate is one thing, but a harsh manipulation of people is another. Make sure you're involved in the former and not the latter.
 Perhaps you notice some weariness today, Taurus. You have been much more active than usual for the past few weeks. You've been meeting new people, having new experiences, attending meetings, and perhaps even taking short trips. In the long run, will any of it further your goals? That's the question you have to answer today.
 A number of social invitations could come your way today, possibly connected with groups you're affiliated with. Accept as many as you can handle, Taurus; you should have a wonderful time, learn much that fascinates you, and make some new friends. A surprise encounter with a friend or your romantic partner could bring you closer together. This may be a significant day for you.
 Your scattered energy comes together today in a powerful laser beam of concentrated attention and effort. You will work until you drop, and no one and nothing had better get in your way! Keep up the good pace. You're going to feel more loved than usual, and this changes absolutely everything for you.
 A partner for life or a brief encounter, which will it be? This is today's question. Why not choose both? Can you imagine being your partner's lover while keeping your independence? Don't be influenced by old models that force you to choose between these two ideas. Don't forget that in our modern world, your choices aren't as limited as you might think!
 If the world collapsed today, you wouldn't bat an eyelash. You're perfectly content sailing along on cloud nine! The source of your bliss could be that new person in your life. Are you passionately, intensely, wonderfully in love? You can yield to the magic. Let it bring out the positive parts of your personality, but keep your wits about you all the same!
 Things have probably been going well lately in the love and romance department, Taurus. You find that communication has improved, and the witty banter is invigorating and educational. Today there may be a blip on the radar. You may have been so caught up in the good parts that you failed to take care of the details and do the actual work needed to make things run smoothly.
 It may be time to look at where you are in life, Taurus. Are you where you thought you'd be? If so, congratulations. This is a real accomplishment. If not, take heart. Many people discover that they aren't anywhere close. The key is to write down solid goals and the steps needed to reach them. It's your life after all. Mapping out your route is up to you.
 Today should present a very positive influence for you, Taurus. The energy at play will allow for such things as making excellent decisions. Things will go more quickly than usual. Cooperation from colleagues, physical energy, and a sharp mind will support you. What more could you ask? You may find that almost everything goes your way and laughter fills the hours. Give yourself a pat on the back, because you should be able to handle everything.
 Social events with artistically or spiritually inclined people could have you feeling especially inspired, Taurus, and looking forward to the future in whatever discipline interests you. You're also likely to be feeling especially romantic and sexy. You will want to schedule time alone with that special someone in your life. If you aren't currently involved, you could meet someone special today.
 Today you're likely to feel like the powerful creature you are, Taurus. Your physical energy is high, and you look and feel great. Your intellect is sharp, so if you indulge in any kind of learning process, you will benefit greatly. Your creative energy is also high, so it's a good day to work on artistic projects. In the evening, you will feel especially romantic, so plan an intimate encounter with a special someone!
 There's a lot of tension in the air today, Taurus. Perhaps you feel like no one is listening to you, and that people are draining your energy. You may act defensively and even occasionally become very angry. It's possible that no one has seen in you in such a state before. Don't be afraid to express your anger. Repressed anger is like poison for your body and soul.
 You shouldn't have any problem getting your way in most areas of life, Taurus. The time is ripe for you to take the lead. Unfortunately, there may be one important part of your life that isn't going exactly to plan, and this is love and romance. It's likely that you will run into a tremendously stubborn attitude that you can't seem to break through. It could be your own.
 This will be a great day for you, Taurus. Everything you touch will seem to turn to gold. The day's events will fall right into place. You will take pleasure in being calm and efficient. But what you may not realize is that this could happen every day. Take the time to see what's going right today in order to make it happen again tomorrow!
 Although your current mood is somewhat reserved and modest, you probably feel tempted to strut your stuff every once in a while. However, if you try to show off today, Taurus, you may not be very pleased with your reception. It's natural for you to want to impress people, but you must try to do it with genuine qualities and simplicity. That's true good taste!
 A longing for comfort and the small, simple pleasures in life is likely to cripple your initiative today, Taurus. Have you decided to withdraw from the career whirl for the time being? Or perhaps you're just discouraged by the lack of enthusiasm in your colleagues. In any case, this would be a good day to stay home and rest, Taurus.
 Some differences of opinion concerning your love life are likely to come up today, Taurus. For example, you may find your beloved taking more liberties than you allow yourself. Take your irritation as a sign that this particular relationship could use some freshening up. The day ahead may bring you just what you seek.
 You may have your mind set on some big plans that you've been working on for some time now, Taurus. The problem is that today there is some conflict with something or someone with a large ego who suddenly wants a piece of the pie. Either that or this person wants to burst your bubble. Don't give up hope on your dreams. Realize that this opposition is just part of the adventure.
 If you became an animal today, you'd be a puppy, Taurus, all frisky and affectionate. By all means, put your passion to good use! Surprise a special someone with a home
 You're likely to enjoy today's change of tone, Taurus. Don't you feel a need to take friendships beyond the superficial level? Perhaps you should reestablish contact with some former friends, too, although you may find that you have some bonds to repair. In any case, you can expect another month devoted to sweeping the cobwebs out of your emotional universe in order to let in sunlight and promise.
 Sometimes your relationships are like magnets, Taurus. When you want to get close, the other person tries to get away from you. When you take a step back, he or she runs back into your life. Human nature is complex. Right now you're probably taking a step back, although you haven't given up completely. This rest will give you time to think about which side of you is the most magnetic.
 You could feel extremely passionate today, Taurus. You might want to connect with a love partner but be prevented by circumstances. You might be attracted to racier novels or movies. Repressed anger could bubble up from your subconscious and seek an outlet. This is a great day to channel that anger into some artistic activity. Don't be surprised if you use a lot of red!
 Will you go out with me? Be careful if a person says yes when you ask that question today, Taurus. You could take the nature of this situation to the extreme. Saying yes doesn't mean you're suddenly in charge of his or her life. Nor are you responsible for anything that person does or how they feel. If you're still asking the question without getting any positive responses, don't worry. Keep trying.
 This is one of those days when you just can't wait for someone to stop talking so you can say something, Taurus. It's likely you won't even wait. Don't be surprised if friction results from such strongly held opposing views. People could blow things out of proportion, since everyone is convinced that they are right. The interesting thing about this situation is that it could result in a productive time.
 If you find that you aren't necessarily thinking like the rest of the group, don't panic, Taurus. In fact, this is probably a good thing. By going along with the crowd, you may be expected to act a certain way in some situations. Pretty soon you're living like a marionette strung up to a couple of sticks and manipulated by an unknown hand. Think for yourself.
 Has a certain project been a drag for you lately, Taurus? Don't be surprised if today you get your second wind. You're looking at your tasks in a practical manner, your interest in them is up, and you're able to accomplish them quickly and efficiently with minimal stress. Relationships should also be going well. Make the most of this while you can!
 A temporary lack of belief in your abilities might have you hesitating to start a project or take on a task that you'd normally snap up. This could involve something you've wanted to try or helping someone else. Your faith in yourself should never flag, but if it does, it's important to remember that hard work can be as important as talent 
 Glowing health and an enthusiastic attitude make almost anything a pleasure today, Taurus. Relations with friends and family are warm, congenial, and cooperative. Your day should go as smoothly as you could expect. There is something you want to do in the afternoon that you're looking forward to. In the evening, consider attending a class, lecture, or workshop. Your mind is especially sharp right now.
 You and someone close could disagree on an issue that both of you feel strongly about. Stubborn pride on both your parts could keep you from working things out. Let it go, Taurus. It isn't worth ruining your relationship. Someone you know might be headed for divorce or moving away, and the news could be a shock to you. This should be a day of surprises 
 You tend to be pretty self
 The unexpected need to take a journey by air or spend a lot of time working could bring about an inconvenient separation from your partner. While the reasons for this situation and the projected outcome are very positive, it can cause a temporary upset in your relationship. Don't worry about it. The upset will pass, particularly when the desired results are attained. Concentrate on the matter at hand.
 Did you wake up this morning with a vague recollection of a half
 Pressures on the job may be mounting. You might feel so disgruntled that you want to chuck it all and run away. Foreign countries and distant states may suddenly seem far more appealing than usual. Maybe it's a good idea to plan a vacation, Taurus. The stresses you've been experiencing could adversely affect your health. You need to release them somehow. Give it some thought.
 Your optimism will be inspiring today, Taurus. You will find that your lighthearted approach is perfectly suited to taking care of any issue that arises. Toss a few jokes into the mix and remind other people that it isn't necessary to take things so seriously. The Sun is shining as you proudly parade down the street with your head held high.
 Remember that you can only remain in charge as long as the others around you support your personality and leadership abilities, Taurus. Avoid mutiny by taking care of the people in your world instead of simply trying to run their lives. Gain respect with kind words and a sensitive attitude rather than by enforcing harsh rules and regulations that restrict and aggravate.
 It may be hard to connect with others today, Taurus. People may be rather indecisive. On the other hand, people are apt to be more malleable. This could be a good time to take charge. Be sure that you keep in mind the best interests of all parties involved. It isn't fair for you to take advantage of people who can't make up their own minds about something.
 Try to rise above the potential tension and rough spots of the day, Taurus. Do yourself a favor and don't feel like you have to stoop to another's level. Take pride in your actions and do things with confidence. Work with the negativity. The worst thing to do would be to ignore it. Approach problems squarely as soon as they arise. Don't dredge up the past. It's time to move forward.
 There's a great deal of power to your words today, Taurus, so be careful how you use them. You may end up manipulating another's choices if you aren't careful with your conduct. Make sure you give others the freedom and empowerment to decide things for themselves. Be open and honest about all the facts that might influence their decisions in any way.
 This is a good time to take control of the situation, Taurus. You've done your preparation and now it's time to put it to good use. You're about to face your enemy eye to eye. Have confidence in your training. There's an extra alertness to you that helps you fight any battles. You have a strong awareness of the energy around you, so use this to your advantage.
 Your intuitive abilities should be operating at a very high level today, Taurus. You might inadvertently receive some positive psychic messages about your future, and this could prove very exciting. These insights could be a source of inspiration that propels you to accomplish wonders in some aspect of your life. This could turn out to be a self
 Do you feel a little under the weather today, Taurus? It's quite possible, considering all the emotional turmoil you've been through lately. It takes time to recover from such storms. As you know, the work itself isn't what gets you down. It's worry about the future that drains your energy. Give yourself a break today. Take some time for rest and recuperation.
 Today you might pinch yourself to see if what you're experiencing is real, Taurus. Success and good fortune are coming thick and fast, with only minor setbacks and irritations to complicate matters. Business, money, and career success are likely to be at an all
 Today you could meet some interesting new people, Taurus. Among them is at least one person who shares a lot of your interests and could become a close friend. The joy you receive from meeting these people is likely to spill over into the rest of your day. You could be warmer and more congenial with everyone else in your life, too. In the evening, go out and have some fun.
 A group meeting or social event could bring up so many new and interesting ideas that you may not be able to digest them all, Taurus. Some new friends who share your interests might want to continue the discussions. Your mind is especially quick today. You could well grasp unusual concepts that usually don't interest you. But watch your step 
 A temporary separation from your romantic partner could have you agitated, Taurus. Are you worried that your friend has forgotten you? This is probably an overreaction, but your insecurities are getting the better of you. Find a distraction. Have faith. Phone calls from your friend should prove reassuring. Perhaps the only way to get past this is to stay busy until your partner returns.
 There's a deep longing to be comforted and reassured, Taurus. You may want nothing more than for someone fix you some warm, homemade soup. If this is the case, feel free to call and ask a good friend to come over. Don't continue to play the part of the strong, independent one if this isn't the way you feel. If you aren't honest about your needs, it will be impossible for anyone to know how to fulfill them.
 Connect with those who carry you upward and encourage your fantasies today instead of those who try to bring you down to reality, Taurus. There's a need for you to shine more brightly than usual, and there's no reason why this wish shouldn't be granted. Everything will work out splendidly for you as long as you align yourself with admirable people and noble causes, so go for it.
 It could be that you're trying to communicate with someone in a matter regarding love and romance and it simply isn't working. You're apt to feel like you need a translator in order to get your message across. Both you and your partner need to share responsibility for making sure that the lines of communication remain open. Be practical yet sensitive in your approach.
 A creative project that you've been working on may be coming to a climactic peak now, Taurus. Discuss your progress with others and feel free to hold an informal critique in order to get honest feedback on your work. A piece of art should stir some sort of reaction inside another person. Consider ways in which you can challenge the people around you with your talent.
 A minor accident might take place at home today, Taurus, but don't worry. It will ultimately provoke more laughter than harm. You will want the place to look great, Taurus, because a close friend or lover could come to visit. An intimate conversation or passionate encounter is indicated. Curb the temptation to indulge in too much food or drink.
 Your mind may wander to a fantasyland full of castles, wizards, and magic dragons today, Taurus. You could find that you're putting yourself in the robes of a beautiful or handsome figure in a tall tower who's waiting for the perfect mate to come along. Observe the fanciful scenario you've created and see how the symbols and characters connect with your real life. Your imagination is trying to tell you something.
 You could feel like a rat in a maze today, Taurus. Walls and long, narrow corridors take you around corners and through doorways, yet there's no indication that you're going in the right direction. Instead of wandering aimlessly, stop and ask for help. You might not have noticed that if you look up, there are knowledgeable beings there who are willing to give you advice based on their lofty perspective.
 Move forward with your plan of attack today, Taurus. There's an anxious rumble within you that's urging you to get going with a current plan. You have all the facts you need, so don't hesitate any longer. The power of the word is with you. You will be smooth, collected, and confident even in the most nerve
 Are you technically single but very deeply involved with someone, Taurus? If so, don't be surprised if today you extend or receive a proposal of marriage. Recent events have brought you very close together and greatly intensified the bond between you. Your partner may want to legalize that bond. Do you? If there is even the smallest doubt, give yourself some time to think. Acting on impulse isn't a good idea right now.
 With all the social events you've attended lately, Taurus, it's likely that you've met some people in the healing professions. These doctors, nurses, and technicians could be useful to you later. Be sure to file their contact information away for future reference. On another front, expect to receive some good news concerning your finances.
 Perhaps you spent quite a bit of money lately and you're holding your breath waiting for the bills to roll in. Some quick reckoning of receipts today likely yields some wonderful news. Wonder of wonders, it appears you've stayed within your budget, Taurus! Try not to overreact to the news that you have more money than you thought. Give your wallet and checkbook some time off.
 Too many people may be making demands on your time right now, Taurus. Some may have genuine concerns and need your assistance, but others have definite agendas that they really should deal with on their own. Use your intuition to tell the difference, because you won't be able to help them all. A female friend might have the most urgent need. If you can only help one, help her.
 All the positive energy generated by the celestial atmosphere seems to come together today as you experience a rush of sensual passion for a romantic partner, Taurus. An unexpected encounter could not only fulfill this desire but also bring you closer. If you aren't already committed, expect to discuss it tonight. Be careful to exercise restraint. Your lover could panic if you push too hard.
 If you're single, Taurus, today you could fall in love at first sight. A friend could introduce you to someone new and exciting who shares your interests and with whom you'll talk for hours. This could make you feel happy. You'll certainly enjoy your day. If you want to stay in touch, don't be afraid to exchange contact information. Otherwise, you might lose track of your new friend.
 No pressure, Taurus, but as things are now, you might want to evaluate your career. Is it working out well? What are your latest achievements? What goals haven't been reached? If the answers aren't satisfactory, it's time to make some dramatic changes. If your work doesn't make your heart sing, it's time to find some that does. Life isn't a dress rehearsal. Get going!
 Have you made plans to have a romantic interest come to your home, Taurus? If so, don't rush to get ready. Your friend is probably going to be late. Events beyond anyone's control have interfered, and you might have to wait. Don't make yourself crazy over it. Don't imagine all kinds of horrible scenarios. Your friend will show up even if later than planned. Have fun!
 A current or potential love relationship could hit a snag as you have a clash of wills. If either of you is stubborn, this could turn into an unpleasant power struggle. Try to work out a course of action that creates a win/win situation, so neither of you feels compromised. In this way, the development of your relationship will progress rather than regress.
 You're feeling your power and strength today, Taurus. You've worked hard to get into good physical shape. Similarly, you've exerted a great deal of energy in your work life and it's paying off. With today's planetary energy, you can also expect greater intimacy in your personal life. Enjoy this special time.
 Too many people could be vying for your attention today, Taurus. All of them want advice or help. This could be flattering, and you'll probably want to help them, but it can also be unsettling and make it hard to focus. Don't let this set your temper on edge and cause you to snap at your friends. Take each request one at a time, make no promises, and do your best.
 Love and romance aren't just part of your life today, Taurus, they're your whole life. If you're single, an exciting potential partner could have you reeling. If you're currently involved, recent events may have created such a powerful bond between you and your beloved that you think it will never end. Consider what led to this feeling and find a way to repeat it. This can only benefit you.
 Today may be filled with sudden changes and unexpected events, Taurus. The energy is electric and strong. People will act in erratic, powerful bursts. Try to stay centered and maintain your focus. Keep in mind that if you need to break free from certain limitations, now is the time to make that move. Have confidence in your actions and make it happen.
 Idealistic romantic notions join with intense sensual passion to create powerful desire that stays with you throughout the day, Taurus. If you can schedule some quality time with your love partner, by all means do it. If not, you might have to settle for making a date for later in the week. In the meantime, pamper yourself a bit until then and hang in there!
 Romance continues to soar today, Taurus. You should feel especially sexy. You're likely to attract admiring glances from those around you, including strangers. If you're single, you might even attract an exciting new love partner. If you're already involved, your beloved could fall in love with you all over again. Schedule an intimate evening together and make the most of it!
 Daydreams and reveries could inspire new ideas for creative projects today. Visions, stories, or melodies might flood your mind, and it might be a good idea to write them down before they disappear. You're also likely to feel more attuned than usual to the thoughts and feelings of others. Don't be surprised if you intuitively give people what they want and need before they ask.
 You might find the mood of today a bit too somber for your liking, Taurus. Why is everyone so serious? Whether you figure out the answer or not, just know that it probably isn't something you did. Emotions that have been building up are likely to express themselves now, much like a volcano bursting under the pressure of tons of molten lava.
 You'll enjoy a day of high spirits and friendly interactions. The energy of the day is in your favor, although it may not seem like it. Your emotions may become cloudy and it might seem like people are working against you. Although this may be true to some extent, realize that much of this paranoia comes more from your emotional insecurity than another's plot against you.
 New beginnings and promising new opportunities may appear from a distant state or foreign country, Taurus. Your adventurous side is excited and enthusiastic, but the side of you that wants to stay settled could put up some resistance. Don't feel you have to jump into anything. Get all the facts and assess the situation objectively. Think seriously about it all. What do you most want?
 A household member might toy with the idea of moving out or going away for a while, Taurus. This could stress you out, but don't make yourself crazy. Don't try to talk him or her out of it. Listen sympathetically and let your relative get it out of their system. This person is probably feeling temporarily restricted by forces outside the home and isn't really likely to go anywhere.
 You might find yourself thinking about a possible vacation. You've worked hard during the last few months and feel you deserve a break. This year you're likely to want to do something different from the norm, perhaps travel to a foreign land associated with a great spiritual tradition. You should feel closer to your loved ones and optimistic about the future. Enjoy!
 You're focused and attentive to detail. Some longstanding projects benefit from this sudden spurt of energy and get completed in record time. Children figure prominently in your life right now, Taurus. Is there one child in particular who needs some extra attention from you? Your love and support mean a lot more than you realize.
