 It's a new day, Virgo, a good day to let your caring side show. Take the time to smile and chat with as many people as you can. They will be drawn to your friendly personality and you'll all enjoy your time together. If someone is having a rough day, let him or her know you care. Spend a few minutes listening to the problem and show you really understand.
 You're more into socializing today than anything else, Virgo. This could be great providing you don't have a heavy workload. See who's available and go for it. If you need to get something done, you'll have to resist the temptation to chat too long. Use breaks for this and keep your focus on getting done what you've taken on. There's always the evening to get together with friends.
 Don't expect much luck with computers today, Virgo, particularly when it comes to writing or communicating with others. Malfunctions with technology could plague you throughout the day. If you want to get a message to a friend, the best way might be to visit in person! Creative efforts could be hindered the same way. Today is a great day to fall back on good old pen and paper.
 It's a great day to set some goals or review existing ones, Virgo. If you don't have a working list, it's time you started one. Brainstorm without censorship. Let your thoughts flow and write them down. Then prioritize the list, add the steps needed to reach each goal, and consider the time frame. Map out your life and go where you want.
 People may be trying to subtly communicate to you, but you may not be aware of this because you're so caught up in your own difficulties, Virgo. You may feel like you're driving with the emergency brake on. You're so preoccupied with running smoothly that you're unaware of other cars on the road. Stop, release the brake, and drive.
 Feed your mind today, Virgo. While you enjoy being active and social, you do get bored quickly. You'll need to give yourself a constant supply of intriguing, fresh material in order to feel your best. Explore an interesting subject or learn a new hobby. Stimulate your mind and your body will become more energetic. Go online if you can't get away.
 Arts and crafts may hold your interest today, Virgo. Even if you lean more toward sports, an artistic streak likely runs pretty strong in you. Creating can be richly satisfying, both in the process and in the finished product. Allow yourself the opportunity to explore this part of you. The day's energy will lend much to your abilities.
 Your vitality is low. It may be difficult to fight adversity, Virgo. Try not to get discouraged. Instead, realize that this is part of the natural cycle. Awareness of your energy patterns is half the battle. Don't force yourself into feeling something you don't. It's important that you not overexert yourself or take on more responsibilities than you can handle.
 You feel reprimanded because of the way you reacted to a situation that came out differently than you'd hoped. Trust that you acted in the best, calmest, and most understanding way possible. If the person you're dealing with doesn't understand your actions, then this is probably more a function of their own baggage and not yours.
 Physically, Virgo, you feel strong and energetic. This is a good day to look into expanding your horizons. All signs point to personal and career success. Some surprising communications from friends or neighbors could bring fascinating information your way. You'll know just what to do with it. Follow your instincts!
 Whether your realize it or not, you'll have the upper hand today, Virgo, so take advantage of this opportunity. Things may be going so well that you might not even notice what a fantastic time you're having. Sit back and take a moment to appreciate your good fortune. Others will gravitate to you naturally, and you'll always seem to have the right answers to the questions.
 Attempts to reach a potential or current business partner could go awry today, Virgo. Phone messages may not get delivered, emails could get lost, and letters remain unopened. This person is having a hectic day. Don't think he or she is upset with you. If you really need to reach this person now, you might have to go over there. Technology isn't going to do it for you today.
 Other responsibilities might keep you away from your loved one today, Virgo. If you have plans for tonight 
 A surge of inner power could have you feeling like you can move mountains, Virgo. If you've been contemplating a course of action that others believe impossible, this is the time to get it going. Career matters, romance, and creative projects could all be advanced considerably by careful effort on your part. Give it some thought, write down your ideas, consider all contingencies, and move ahead!
 New channels of communication may open up for you today. A female author whose work you enjoy could release a new book, Virgo. You could meet some new neighbors who share your interests or you could come into contact with like
 Paperwork involving money may need doing today, Virgo, and this could take you away from what you love most 
 Feelings of love for a romantic partner could be so overwhelming today you might be moved to tears, Virgo. You will experience a lot of sensual passion, so an intimate evening together is definitely called for if you can arrange it. If it isn't possible, don't jump to the conclusion that your friend doesn't desire you anymore. If your friend claims to be busy, it's probably true.
 Electronic communication could be difficult today, Virgo. Everything that can go wrong might go wrong 
 You're at an emotional climax now, Virgo. Things are coming to a critical point. Little issues in your relationships that you've ignored are coming back to haunt you. Someone could be trying to cross you at this time, or maybe it just feels that way. Don't get overly paranoid. The whole world isn't out to get you.
 The fire within you may be burning brightly, Virgo, but unfortunately, there isn't a great deal of fuel available to keep it going. It may seem as if people are trying to rain on your parade, but they're just trying to do their duty. Relax and contemplate what's going on around you. This may not be the best day to implement change and promote new ideas.
 You couldn't dream of a better day to deal with all the little problems in your daily life 
 You're an organized, disciplined person, Virgo. No one who knows you would disagree. But there are times when you need to loosen up a bit, and this is just such a time. Forget about work, chores, and all your daily obligations. You've been working too hard lately. Live a little. Take a holiday. Don't think of this as being irresponsible. Think of it as being human!
 This will be a great day for you! Your children, grandchildren, or siblings may have a lot of excess energy. It's up to you to take care of them, Virgo. It's your turn to plan things in the family. You won't have any trouble with this task. Have you ever thought about being a planner or organizer for a living?
 Focus more of your power on your home and family life, Virgo. Take care of domestic issues and stick to household chores and duties. The more you do to your home, the more others will be inspired to pitch in and help. You may find it difficult to connect with certain people, so it might be best to give yourself some time alone.
 Indecision may leave you standing at the station after all the trains have left, Virgo. Hop on one that's going in your direction. Add your name to the roster of active participants. Today isn't a day to wait for opportunity to come to you. If you see something you believe in, move toward it. Act spontaneously and don't worry about the consequences.
 Watch the sunrise today, Virgo. Open your eyes to the beauty around you and let it inspire you to take action. Someone may be trying to throw you a curve ball, so be ready. You have a generous heart that you should share freely. Your helpful nature will draw others to you and help you skate effortlessly through your day. Teach someone a lesson that you know they need to learn.
 You have independent views about everything, Virgo. People would be wrong to try to box you into thinking a certain way. Don't let others convince you to accept something you're skeptical of. You know what you believe so don't be afraid to express it even if they go against the grain. Independence is important to you. You want others feel this freedom that's so critical to a healthy lifestyle.
 Deep inside you know the right thing to do, Virgo. Perhaps you just saw someone drop money on the ground and you picked it up. Do you return it or pocket it for yourself? You're likely to feel like you have the devil on one shoulder arguing with the angel on the other. It's important that you listen to the angel. Do what you know is right.
 Move boldly toward your dreams today, Virgo. Your sense of reality may not be perfectly in tune with the actual situation, but don't worry about it. Put wings on your shoes and fly into the stratosphere. Push the boundaries. The only way you're going to grow is if you go beyond your normal mode of existence. This is your day to soar into the great beyond.
 Don't underestimate people's sensitivity to certain situations, Virgo. You may work with a detachment that's healthy on a day like this. You can deal with issues in a levelheaded way without getting caught up in emotional drama. Meanwhile, others might take things very personally. Be aware of their needs. These people are some of your most valuable resources. Treat them with respect.
 Just because everyone else is walking on eggshells doesn't mean you need to, Virgo. Your upbeat spirit will be more welcome than usual due to the drama around you. Be careful of falling into the role that you know others want you to play. It's easy to take on the role that's in front of you, but this doesn't always help the situation. Read from your own script, not someone else's.
 It may be difficult to get moving today, Virgo. You may want to just stay in bed. Don't feel guilty about it. Take an afternoon nap and enjoy the tender company of a partner. Stick close to home and enjoy good music and a fine meal with someone you love. Don't rock the boat. Simply relax and enjoy the pleasures life has to offer.
 You may be in quite the party mode today, Virgo. Be open and social with the people around you. Take off on a wild adventure that quenches your thirst for spontaneity and fun. Stay up late and talk to a friend you haven't seen for a while. The time to live is now. Make the most of every moment of your life.
 Your adventurous spirit is noble, Virgo, but you might find that this is one of those days in which you're asked to justify your actions. Other people could be jealous of you and your lifestyle, so they're trying to find fault with the things you do. Don't get tricked into thinking that anything you're doing is necessarily wrong or bad just because someone doesn't agree with it.
 Today's energy has you rethinking all areas of your life, Virgo. If you aren't as challenged by your job as you think you should be, perhaps it's time for a change. The trick for you will be figuring out what it is that you want to do. You have a tremendous amount of creative ability. If you aren't using these talents, why not explore a career that would let you develop them further?
 This is a terrific day for you, Virgo. You should easily feel its power coming together in an upbeat, positive way. Others are apt to fall into place by your side as they realize the wisdom in your way of doing things. Remain confident and positive. Your adventuresome spirit is ready, so push away from the dock.
 A day like today should give you the perfect demonstration of an old truth 
 If you're currently romantically involved, your relationship could move to the next level of commitment. You and your partner could agree to be monogamous, get engaged, or set a wedding date. If you're already married, you might decide to have a child. If you aren't currently involved, Virgo, expect to attract someone soon. You're ready and signaling your availability loud and clear to potential partners!
 Move in for the kill today, Virgo. Don't stop until you succeed. Don't let other people's insecurities become yours. Have confidence in yourself and the way you act around others. Just because someone else feels sad, that doesn't mean you have to just to make him or her feel better. The best thing you can do is turn the situation around by exhibiting happiness and a fun
 Don't miss any opportunities today, Virgo. No matter how tired you may be, this isn't the time to rest. This is one of those days in which it's simply easier to be you. There's no need to shy away or hide your true desires. Say what you want and you'll get it. There's no reason to beat around the bush. Keep in mind that unexpected energies will get thrown into the mix.
 Things coming at you from all sides are forcing you to make a move, Virgo. Don't be pressured into something you don't want to do. A nervous restlessness may urge you to act. Don't let other people boss you around. Secure your position and be strong. Try not to be tempted into situations that you know are going to be bad for you.
 Something big could be occurring close to home today, Virgo. It would be advisable to stay inside, if possible, or at least not stray too far. Traffic may be gridlocked and the sidewalks crowded with pedestrians anxious for a closer look. Use this self
 It's a terrific day for you, Virgo. Your jovial approach to every situation is just what the doctor ordered. Spend time with children and enjoy their magical world. Freely spread your love and affection to the people around you. Make sure that the corners of people's mouths are turning up instead of down. A friendly attitude will take you far.
 It may be hard for you to feel connected to anyone today, Virgo. You're probably better off keeping to yourself. If you're feeling sad or depressed, it's best to work through these feelings on your own. Other people aren't apt to be too sympathetic to your situation. You're better off sticking to your work to keep the demons out of your head.
 You should be able to evaluate your emotions from a detached perspective today, Virgo. Use this opportunity to take action based on what you discover. Make sure your actions are based on practicality and you aren't acting rashly in response to someone else's hasty maneuvers. You will be amazed at the incredible things that develop if you think first.
 Your brain may buzz like a beehive today, Virgo. That's good. There is a great deal of information to process now. Have you been thinking about buying some new electronic equipment or small appliances for your home? Now is a great time to do some research on this project before you hand over your credit card. Use today to gather facts.
 When faced with ten entrees on a menu, it may be hard for you to choose just one. Order two or more, Virgo. Don't let indecisiveness hinder you. At the same time, don't view it as something negative. The key for today is to go with the flow. Expand your dreams as you wish. Have fun and be willing to take full responsibility for your actions.
 Give your loved ones the attention they need today, Virgo. Don't let another day go by without saying you love them. Life is short and getting shorter with each passing day. Be confrontational about a serious issue that needs addressing. You're responsible for your feelings. Don't play the victim. You'll only experience more pain and resentment later.
 Today is like playing a game on your home field, Virgo. You have fans supporting you and you know the territory. Take advantage of the little things that you have going for you. There is a dramatic force at work that is erratic but extremely powerful as long as you maintain control. Stay focused on your goals. True happiness is only a small step away.
 You may feel like you've come into the light today, Virgo. A weight has been lifted, but there is still a great deal of emotional drama that needs to work itself out. Go for a walk or jog this afternoon and work on increasing your lung capacity. Get your heart rate up and feel your blood pumping. The more active you are, the more you will be able to sort through your situation.
 Yesterday's trajectory may run into trouble today, Virgo. Your intrinsically dreamy nature is dragging down the action you initiated. This conflict could create tension that will be difficult to resolve. Your emotions may deceive you, so try not to get pulled off course by a passing whim. Try to keep your feelings grounded.
 Issues may get a little heavier than you'd like today, Virgo. Your job is to infuse some levity and humor into the situation. Your adaptability will be put to the test as other people remain steadfast in their opinions. Be conscious of how you use your words. Other people, especially superiors or elders, may be offended by careless, offhand remarks.
 Today might be a difficult day for you, Virgo. You instinctively will want to escape the situation and explore your horizons, but something holds you down. Take care of the bills on your desk, and deal with the mess in the bedroom. Clearing the physical space around you will help clear the mental space in your head. You will be footloose and fancy free soon enough.
 Today you might feel especially creative and intellectually inspired, Virgo. You could discuss your ideas with others. The process of communication could open up new doors in your mind, and result in some fascinating insights concerning whatever you're pursuing. Sometime in the course of your conversations, don't be surprised if you find that one of your friends needs a sympathetic ear.
 Today may be tough, Virgo. Does it seem like nothing fits into place? Are you trying to be someone you're not? If things don't seem to be working out, don't press the issue. You're better off waiting for a time when you feel more confident about who you are and where you're going. Meanwhile, have some tea and relax. Releasing stress can clear some energy for doing other things.
 There might be tension in the air for no discernible reason today. Family members might seem preoccupied with problems they can't define. Your natural inclination could be to try to cheer them up, Virgo, but it probably won't work. Don't be annoyed if they don't respond. It isn't them. Blame the planets. This is a great day to jog, take a cardio class, or otherwise work off stress.
 Too much work and the resulting pressure over the past few days may have you feeling too tired to do anything more, Virgo, although your optimism and enthusiasm are still intact. Don't be too hard on yourself if you're dragging by the end of the day. If you take care of yourself, you will soon recharge and be your old self again. In the evening, read a good book.
 All continues to go well professionally, Virgo. You're feeling physically strong and vigorous. Mentally, however, you might be a bit vague. You may be easily distracted and not as sharp as usual. This isn't a good day to start a new project. Try to concentrate on finishing old tasks and tying up loose ends. You should be ready to go again in a couple of days.
 Responsibilities to work, family, or both could temporarily delay plans for a much
 Someone who lives near you who may not have said much to you before could suddenly strike up a conversation that results in a new friendship, Virgo. You could be wondering why you didn't speak to him or her before. You could share a number of interests, and because of that, you could learn about some new group activities. Don't push too hard, and don't idealize your new friend.
 The possibility of your pursuing new career opportunities, perhaps with more pay, might cause doubts and insecurities among family members, Virgo. They could be afraid that you will have less time for them. It's important that you reassure them, as their worries might escalate if you just let it slide. Make it clear that you're still there for them. This might alleviate their doubts and yours.
 Some strange communications could come your way today, Virgo. Hang
 Sometimes it's hard for you to believe something unless you see it firsthand, Virgo. However, the period you're in now may be pushing you to try and understand some of the mysteries on faith. Though you probably aren't one to do this very often, you may be feeling some kind of mystical impulse that makes you think about the nature of your beliefs.
 Don't turn down any opportunities today, Virgo, even if they seem like dead
 This day will be agreeable, Virgo. There is a dynamic energy in the air that's fueling your fire. Have a good time regardless of what you do. An adventurous, high
 Fire up today, Virgo, and let your spirit fly. You have a great deal of ammunition that encouraging you to take charge. Let your adventuresome spirit roam wherever it pleases. Communication with loved ones will be clear. You can expect all social encounters to go smoothly. You will be the hit of any party.
 You may have to bring yourself down to ground level in a rather sobering fashion, Virgo. Maybe you're forgetting an important piece of a goal that you've been shooting for. This is a good day to review your progress and deal with any details that require attention. Keep your adventurous spirit alive, but have at least one foot on solid ground.
 Spread your ideas out to the world, Virgo. Now is a great time to go on a long trip, or at least begin planning one. Explore the far reaches of your space, literally and figuratively. Join others who share a similar spiritual mission. By reaching out to new and different people, you can have some unforgettable experiences with the potential to have a positive impact on your life.
 Today could provide an interesting opportunity to show your assets in a professional setting. People will be impressed by your personality and may even offer you a new job or exciting business proposal. You won't be able to turn down the proposition and you will feel totally free and satisfied.
 The day will be calm and quiet, Virgo. You feel strongly about finishing whatever you undertake. You probably have the opportunity to add the final changes to some projects you've been working on. This reorganization will give you some spare time, which will probably enable you to meet some very interesting people.
 You've always wanted to change the world, and you'd like to share your dreams with your friends, Virgo. But today you don't have enough enthusiasm to fulfill these dreams. You will question your personal strategies. You shouldn't try to convince others all the time. Your friends appreciate you just the way you are.
 Go with the flow today, Virgo. Find the freedom you seek by simply following the path of least resistance. There's no reason for you to be unhappy. Life doesn't have to be difficult or complicated. Just be completely yourself. People will act the way they need to in relation to you. Don't worry about their feelings. They aren't your responsibility.
 There's a greater burst of energy coming your way today than there has been in a while, Virgo. It's as if you're making a new start and now is your chance to begin with a fresh new attitude. Realize that a sensitive nature is what will help you be victorious on this day. Keep your mind focused inward while you pursue outwardly directed activities.
 Your mind is extra clear today, Virgo. Make sure you're helping yourself as well as others. Take care of any tasks that require a great deal of brainpower. You have a tremendous ability to figure out any mental problem. Communicate with confidence. Contact people you haven't heard from in a while. They will be pleasantly surprised to hear from you.
 It may be hard for you to make a decision about anything today, Virgo. Things may seem wishy
 You may feel like you're ready to get the party started today, Virgo, but for some reason, the people around you aren't exactly following suit. Perhaps you need to slow down and wait for others to catch up. They may end up not coming around at all. If people say they're doing fine, don't necessarily believe them. There's most likely something brewing beneath the surface that needs attention.
 You may have to make some serious adjustments to your approach today in order to chime in with the energy of the group, Virgo. Adopt a more inwardly directed attitude and see what you can learn by tuning into others' subtle messages. The masculine and feminine sides of your nature are working harmoniously. You might find that they're both asking for a quiet night in.
 Stubborn forces may challenge your easygoing nature today. You would do well to tap into this aggressive energy and use it to follow through on some projects that you've left hanging, Virgo. Other people may be unyielding in their positions, but you can easily overcome this by tapping into your flexible, adaptable nature. Don't get upset and restless. Go with the flow.
 Spare no emotional or monetary expense today, Virgo. Whatever you put into this day will come back to you tenfold. Feel free to indulge and delight in your fun
 The pieces of today's puzzle may not fit into place, Virgo, and it's possible that you have no idea why. Don't stress over something you don't quite understand. The key to making things work out is listening. Adjustments will definitely be needed on both sides, but this can only happen if both parties are willing to open their ears and understand one another's perspective.
 You will be the hit of the party today, Virgo. Everyone wants to talk to you. Great transitions are happening in your life right now, and you should look at how you can adopt new principles and attitudes toward them. Your emotions suggest that you take an unconventional approach to the day. The things you learn may be things you want to incorporate into your being on a long
 Motivation must come from within today, Virgo. The only thing that can pull you out of bed is your inner drive. Too much partying may leave you spent to the point where you don't want to move. Remember to keep things in moderation. Be good to your body. Get outside and let your mind radiate outward like sunshine. Feel the grounding of the Earth beneath your feet.
 You can do no wrong today, Virgo. In fact, you can navigate through the cracks without anyone noticing. You may find that you would rather be up on center stage. This is fine, too, just as long as the choice is yours. Independence is a key theme for you today. You will find that the more you can break free, the better your mood will be.
 You're emotionally much stronger than usual. You will be surprised at the events, thoughts, and conversations you command with your words, Virgo. Most of the time, you follow others. You go with the flow. You're laid
 Virgo, this would be a good moment to get rid of anything that still stands between you and achieving your goals. A certain obstacle might be sparking the impulse you have to blend into the background. Don't forget that you're an individual. This isn't something to be overcome. It should be celebrated!
 Be careful who you trust today, Virgo. Instead of venturing out, you might prefer to stick close to home and enjoy the comforts you've worked so hard to attain. Don't entrust just anyone with your secrets. Information is likely to be misinterpreted and what you say might not be taken as seriously as you'd like it to be.
 You could be seeing mirages at the moment, Virgo, most notably in the environment around you. You may have the impression that people are lying to you or that they're hiding something from you. Or it may be that you're the one who lies about certain things or hides what you do. Why are you making it all so complicated? Don't be afraid to express your feelings.
 Feel free to ignite your passion with the help of the people around you, Virgo. Join with those who share similar dreams and make a plan for accomplishing whatever you choose. The more creative you can be with your planning, data collecting, and execution, the better off you will be. The white
 If you've been tired lately, Virgo, it may be due to stress. Today's aspects bring an added energy to communication. It would be wise to talk about some of the stress. Worry, anxiety, and fear are huge drains on physical and emotional health. Exercise can alleviate some of these. For others, talking is key. Find the most effective ways to rid yourself of such energy drains and feel better.
 You should be in a good mood, Virgo, although you might have a hard time fully expressing yourself. Perhaps you feel like there is someone keeping an eye on your every move. You may feel like a kid in class being watched by the teacher. Don't be intimidated by those with a self
 Reality isn't always as exciting as you'd like it to be, Virgo. But isn't this because you interpret reality in a particular way? You rarely look at things in detail, because fundamentally, details don't interest you. But if you look around, you will discover that the details of a truly epic event are currently unfolding before your eyes. Put some new lenses in your glasses!
 Your self
 Life may seem like a great train ride, Virgo. You have your own little compartment that you're striving to keep comfortable and neat. The company you keep is important, as is your proximity to the food car. Be careful that you don't get so wrapped up in your own little world that you neglect to pay heed to where the train is headed.
 This is going to be a day to protect your sense of space and privacy, Virgo. You may be forced into some kind of partnership with some unscrupulous people. They're going to make you feel like your territory is being invaded. What they don't know is that you're prepared. This isn't a time for people to be bothering you!
 A good tactic today would be to convert your fears to motivation for positive action. You have a great deal of energy at your disposal, Virgo. Don't waste it. Be aware that it's one of those situations when the smallest comment or insult may set off a chain reaction of misinformation. People are emotionally charged, so be careful where you step.
 If you're currently romantically involved, Virgo, you can expect your relationship to move to the next level of commitment. You and your partner could agree to be monogamous, get engaged, or set a wedding date. If you're married, you might decide to have a child. If you aren't involved, expect to attract someone soon. You're ready, and eligible partners are definitely registering your availability!
 Deliveries that you expect could be delayed, Virgo. Today you might learn something shocking about a neighbor or relative. The gossip might spread rapidly through your community. This could have you reeling even though it might be exaggerated. You might visit a few people nearby or spend a lot of time on the phone trying to learn the truth. Don't take anything you hear at face value.
 This is a pleasant day, Virgo. Indeed, the celestial aspects are predicting that it will be rather radiant, though likely less intense than the past week or so. You probably had some new perspectives to set up in your professional life, and now you will have to get to work setting goals! You were waiting for just this moment? Perfect!
 It's up to you to strut your stuff, Virgo. As long as you're bashful about showcasing your innate gifts, it will be difficult to find meaning in your life. Today's planetary alignment gives you the challenge to take your talents more seriously. You could easily profit from them, provided you look deep inside to discover how.
 You seem frustrated today, Virgo! There's only one person who could possibly arouse your anger to such a degree, and that's you. Today's aspect is favorable for crises of conscience that result in a change of attitude. You're likely to remember to choose your words more carefully from now on.
 Don't be surprised if many visitors come to your door today. A relative or co
 The day may give you great insight into the decisions you face concerning your future. Now is the time to decide on your priorities. Do you want a career right away or would you prefer to continue your studies? Are you satisfied with your love life and family relationships? It's possible that a major upheaval in one of these realms will affect all the others. It will be interesting!
 The relative tranquillity you enjoy today lets you listen more attentively to your inner self. You're well aware of the toll you pay when you try to ignore those nudges of intuition you sometimes feel. If you're alone at some point today, Virgo, take advantage of the time to evaluate the events of the past few days. You may gain some insight into what's troubling you.
 Boredom and apathy could tempt you to run to the mall and spend a lot of money on luxuries. You might overindulge in food and drink. This can make you feel better temporarily, Virgo, but in the end all you will have is an empty wallet and a stomachache. Treat yourself, but don't throw caution to the wind. This feeling will pass by tomorrow, and you don't want to regret your day!
 This is a great day for you, Virgo. Unexpected reunions are possible, thanks to the lighthearted aura you radiate. You don't need to work very hard to bring everything your way. Your sunny personality attracts the fun and good fortune that you most certainly deserve. People are extremely lucky to be in your glowing presence on a day like this.
 Your engine is revved and ready, Virgo. You have a full tank of gas. Unfortunately, you may feel like there's a large obstacle in your way. Perhaps this obstacle is your mental attitude and inability to make confident decisions. You may become so scattered at times that you can't effectively move forward on anything. Don't beat yourself up over it. The answers will come when you need them.
 You may feel like someone's giving you the third degree, Virgo. You sense that you're being accused of something and that you need to defend your feelings and actions. Try not to fall into this trap. Don't let self
 The desire to bring important personal projects to a close might have you focusing a lot of energy on them, Virgo. You might need to run several errands before you can finish. Your energy is high, so consider playing some sports or getting a good workout at the gym. Push yourself, but not beyond your limits, Virgo. "No pain, no gain" is a fallacy!
 Your energy is high and your stamina particularly strong today. Working out or playing sports could appeal to you now. Running or aerobics could offer valuable exercise and clear your head to allow for new ideas. You also should feel particularly passionate. If you're involved with someone, Virgo, expect a great evening. If not, don't be surprised if you get some admiring glances.
 Today you may need to contact a lot of people, Virgo, but the process could be frustrating. People may not be home, messages might not be delivered, or your equipment might not work properly. Unless it's urgent, it might be better to wait until tomorrow to try to reach them. You could end up too stressed otherwise.
 Today's a day to daydream, although this may not be an activity you usually do. You may even feel as if you're on vacation. Let's just hope people don't ask you a lot of difficult questions, because your answers will be anything but clear. But you shouldn't have to carry the weight of the world on your shoulders every day, Virgo.
 Your fiery willpower can help you move mountains, Virgo. But you already know that. When it's combined with your legendary optimism, it's a powerful tool you just can't do without. Today you will reap the rewards for your hard work over the last month, in every aspect of your life. The fire that burns inside you and gives you your incredible determination has its limits. Don't misuse it.
 Several days ago you may have experienced a strong feeling of connection. People close to you opened their hearts and expressed their hopes for the future. Today you're likely to feel new ambitions budding, Virgo, which may have been initiated by the earlier experience. The day's aspects are bound to inspire you!
 One last, concerted effort and you will be able to get to the root of a problem that has been on your mind for a while now. The answer to the question concerning your identity isn't entirely to be found in your family history, Virgo. You're part of a generation as well as a family. Both influence your responses.
 You aren't the biggest advocate for working under constraints, Virgo, so today is going to be good for you. You will accept them, and gracefully. Do you understand the meaning of such a day? It would be wonderful if you learned how to hold onto the paradox you discover. The greatest freedom comes through discipline. If you can do this, you will be happy!
 Today you may attain a goal you've been hoping to reach for a long time, Virgo. Oddly enough, friends, family, and even your significant other may not seem as happy as you expected. They've probably suffered too many frustrations recently, and your success only reminds them of this. Give them some time to settle their own affairs and they will congratulate you. They're only human.
 You should feel and look great today, Virgo. Your charm and social skills are at a high level, and your joviality and gift for conversation should make you a welcome guest at any social event. And you should be invited to a lot of them 
 You're usually the life of the party, but today you may want to pull into your cocoon, far away from the world and all its noise. You need to empty yourself of all negative ideas and thoughts. It's time to do some mental housecleaning and rid yourself of notions that were planted in you as a child. Now you can start all over again.
 Nothing can hold back your flame for long, Virgo. You have a hard time resting your body and recharging your batteries. At the moment, you're probably still going through a deep transformation that won't allow you to slow down. Take the time to meditate and get in touch with your feelings. What is it you really want out of life?
 You can't help but notice that your home looks a bit drab, Virgo. Today you could plan to do something about it. It won't take much money, just time and a little creativity. Paint some samples on the walls. Your spirits will improve. You can make big changes to the mood of the place simply by introducing more color.
 There's no other way to say this, Virgo 
 Love matters may prove too intense today, Virgo. You may be having a rough week. Your partner may be especially demanding of your time and energy. This might be a good day to schedule some time alone. Go for a massage, sauna, or hot tub 
 If you've been thinking about writing a novel or taking up oil painting, today is the day to begin. No excuses. You have just as much talent as anyone else, so why not use it? You might find it helpful to join a writing group or sign up for a painting workshop, if only to help you get started and stay motivated. Join a support group for artists. They will understand.
 Remember that there's a benevolent force out there that loves you, Virgo. No matter what, there's always a shoulder to cry on, even if it isn't a tangible one. Even in your darkest moments, you're never alone. Let this knowledge carry you through the day. Feel free to share it with others who seem like they could use a lift.
 You can expect to reap the benefits from recent training or studies, Virgo. You've made a huge leap in ability, especially where technological skills are concerned. As a result, you can expect to receive either a promotion or raise. It's the least your boss can do to reward you for all your hard work of late. If you continue at this pace, you will soon be running the company!
 A visit to a local museum or art gallery may move you to tears, Virgo. Suddenly, you're aware of all the beauty around you and inspired to create some original works of your own. You do have a strong creative bent, so why not see how far your talent will take you? If possible, spend the evening surrounded by loved ones.
 A romantic partner might suggest a trip together, Virgo, perhaps to a place you've been anxious to see. This is a possibility, but now your friend is merely kicking the idea around. If you like the idea, don't respond too enthusiastically right now or your friend might feel threatened and back off. In fact, don't talk much at all. Listen and nod agreeably!
 You could get some strange phone calls today, Virgo. There could be a few hang
 Do you believe in ghosts? Some strange phone calls, emails, or other communications may come your way today, Virgo. One may come from someone who thinks you're someone else. Phone calls may be hang
 You may wake up in a fog of confusion this morning for some reason, Virgo. The good news is that the air is likely to clear as the day continues. By late afternoon and early evening, you should be revved up and ready to go once again. Your normal self has returned and you're ready to face the world with a dramatic show of courageous action and adventure.
 Don't listen to gossip today, Virgo. Any rumors that are spreading are likely to be based on false assumptions and totally outside the realm of reality. Yet someone who loves to talk is very convincing! Take anything you hear that you can't immediately verify with a grain of salt, if not the whole shaker. There's definitely something weird going on. Avoid it!
 You can expect to receive some good financial news today, Virgo. Your mind races a mile a minute as you strategize ways to spend the money. If you aren't careful, you will have the money spent before the check has even cleared! Why not divide the funds in half? You can invest half in a low
 You have a sharp, inquisitive mind, Virgo. Today you're likely to put it to good use exploring some arcane fields. It's likely your chief area of interest is scientific. You will find that if you get online, your research will be particularly fruitful. See if you can link to university sites for some real high
 Today you might find that some of your more ambitious plans finally seem to be paying off, Virgo. You should be happy about this, but you might panic a bit, fearing that everything could crash at the last minute. Don't assume the worst and don't waste your energy worrying. Keep striving! You've gotten this far. With a little effort, all should go well.
 A social event, possibly involving a group you're affiliated with, could put you in touch with a lot of friendly, intriguing people who share your interests, Virgo. Among them could be a potential romantic partner, or a current partner could accompany you to this event. Whichever it is, both of you are likely to feel good about the event and will probably want to see your new friends again.
 A group activity could involve a number of people, including some close friends, who share your intellectual, philosophical, or spiritual interests, Virgo. A romantic partner could choose to attend this occasion with you. The conversation is likely to be so stimulating that your mind could spin. Walk home if you can. You will want to clear your head so you can sleep.
 It could be that you see mirages, Virgo, most notably in the environment around you. You may have the impression that people are lying to you or hiding something from you. Or it may be you're the one who lies about certain things or hides what you do. Why are you making things so complicated? Don't be afraid to express your feelings today.
 You have a day of profound reflection ahead. While you may be tempted to think about how far you've come, your time would be better spent thinking about what the future holds. You've entered a period of rethinking your identity and objectives. These aren't small things. You will need every ounce of energy at your disposal to make it through this time of transition.
 A business deal that you may have been working to finish could require you to tie up a lot of loose ends today, Virgo. You might be pulled in a lot of different directions. Don't panic! Get some help if you can. Make a list of what you have to do and cross each task off as it's completed. Stay focused and all should go well. You will achieve the results you want.
 There's a powerful force moving through your life that can't be ignored any longer, Virgo. Adjustments may be needed in order to take full advantage of the energy at hand. You will find with a healthy balance of restriction and expansion that you can take the reins and set yourself on the road to success. There's a great intensity to today that will seep into every facet of your life.
 Today may be serious, Virgo, with clouds looming over your parade. Although the clouds are dark and threatening, that doesn't necessarily mean that rain will pour down. Things are about to climax in your life. Today's message is that you should find the beauty and sensuality in yourself and others and renew your enthusiasm and sensuality in each new day.
 Don't keep playing along with the games if you no longer want to repeat the same drama, Virgo. By placing yourself in a victim role, you're opening yourself up to manipulation and control by others. To stop the repetitive pattern, it's crucial for you to stand up and recognize that you have an important part in the healing process. Recognize that you have the power and courage to change.
 You may join hands with a spokesperson who's willing to attest to your honesty and good nature, Virgo. This person is happy to step up and toot your horn for you. You've earned a space in the spotlight, so don't shrink into the background when your name is called. Graciously accept the praise you receive 
 Home might be a lonely place tonight, Virgo. The other members of your household may be out or out of town. You might not feel up to any carousing, so you will probably choose to stay home and read or watch TV. However, your natural gregariousness could cause you to feel abandoned. Call a friend and talk for a while. That will make you feel more like yourself.
 A sibling or neighbor might not feel very communicative, Virgo. It may seem that this person isn't behaving in their normal, friendly manner, but isn't sharing why. Give him or her a break. There may have been some upsetting news that your friend can't stop thinking about. By tomorrow they should be on the way back to their usual self. Be patient!
 You have a lot to celebrate, Virgo, especially where your love life is concerned. Today you may receive a communication from your loved one that makes you yearn for this person's company. You've been together a lot recently, attending many dinners and social gatherings, but you've had little one
 You might have a sore throat and mild cold symptoms today, Virgo. It may affect your ability to work. Chances are that you're an active person. Having to slow down to tend to your health may frustrate you. Consider going to the doctor's office now rather than ignore your health. This could make all the difference in how long you stay under the weather and are kept from things you want to do.
 Your self
 You have a quick mind, Virgo, which you don't use to anywhere near its full capacity. Think of your brain as a thoroughbred horse, trained to run at high speed. This type of animal is miserable if kept penned up, unable to run and stretch. Your mind needs similar room to stretch and grow. If new challenges don't come your way, you may have to create some of your own. It's a shame to sit idle.
 A message from a friend could make your day, Virgo. The good news may involve travel, money, or a love relationship. There could also be an intellectual matter that you're anxious to look into, perhaps for the purpose of writing or teaching. A journey, possibly related to education, could be in the offing, perhaps with friends. A busy and stimulating day is definitely ahead.
 If you're feeling unappreciated by the people around you, Virgo, try going somewhere else. Begging for attention is unattractive, and so is strutting around trying to distract everyone with your gorgeous physique or charming wit. Go where you know you're appreciated, where your stories will make people laugh, where you feel at home. Know that if you stay where you are, nothing you try will work.
 A new field of interest may require much of your concentration for the next several days, Virgo. You could be studying a new spiritual discipline or perhaps an intellectual problem, such as the workings of the universe, or both. Your mind is especially sharp right now, so this is a good time to begin a new course of study. Take occasional breaks to avoid a sore back and eyestrain.
 You might want to leave the office early today to finish all those pressing errands, Virgo. Phone calls could keep you busy, as could small tasks that still need tending around the house. At some point, financial paperwork might take up a lot of your time, but the evening shows promise. Expect to receive visitors or make some visits yourself.
 Money may be coming your way through a contract of some kind. This is a positive development. Make sure you read every word in the document before you commit to anything. This is a good time to ask for a loan or fill out paperwork regarding scholarships, grants, or other forms of financial support. The process is going to be less complicated than you imagined, Virgo. Things should manifest quickly.
 Don't downplay your abilities now, Virgo. You're on the brink of greatness, so act like it. Things should go quite well if you let them. Don't clog up the works by thinking that you're unworthy of the good luck that is sure to come your way. If things don't work out exactly the way you want them to, take it as a sign that the situation wasn't right for you anyway.
 There's a special power to your words today, Virgo, and an internal confidence that rarely comes around this strongly. You should notice strength in your emotions and personality. Take this opportunity to get one step ahead of the game. You have a special influence that can't be matched by anyone. Don't let others convince you of anything you aren't 100 percent sure of yourself.
 This morning is your time to shine, Virgo. You should be in a good mood, with a positive outlook that helps you attack the day's tasks with vitality. Elements of the unexpected may pop up and remind you that things don't always go according to plan. This should be fine, however. You will find that your easygoing approach to life will come in handy when the scheduled route doesn't work.
 Inside information may come your way today that starts you thinking about improving your financial standing, Virgo. You might hear of career and investment opportunities that you've never considered before. You're an adventurous soul. You might consider jobs that would have your grandmother reeling! The coming months show promise for you. Good fortune lies over the horizon. Go for it!
 Try to stay on the lighter side today, Virgo. This may be easier said than done. You're the bridge that connects an island to the shore. The water is rising and the island is about to be completely submerged. People are scrambling to reach you. Be careful that the situation doesn't become an issue of self
 It's possible that you've relied on your imagination to pull you out of tough situations lately, Virgo. When the real world begins to get you down, you can always turn to your fantasy world. On this day, there's a stubborn blast of realism that might bring you down and keep you there. Unless you've prepared for this grounding force, you could have trouble lifting off again.
 Your hard work is finally paying off, Virgo. A phone call bring good news to you. You should be filled with a new sense of optimism, enthusiasm, and hope. Work will be more of a pleasure than a drag, because you have something to look forward to. Changes are definitely in the wind for you, so be prepared for just about anything!
 You have an extra amount of physical vitality to work with now, Virgo, so take advantage of it to give your body a good workout. Eat well and avoid fatty, salty foods. Fuel yourself with carbohydrates, protein, and fresh fruits and vegetables. With high energy, you can get a tremendous amount accomplished. Be aware that your emotional side may be extra sensitive, so be careful of conflict.
 Things may come to you more easily than usual today, Virgo. This is a sign that you're on the right path and doing things correctly. Life shouldn't have to be full of stress and heartache. If something isn't flowing smoothly, you should consider taking a new approach toward it. Keep a smile on your face and be respectful of the people around you.
 If you aren't romantically involved, an errand, walk, or other foray into your neighborhood might bring an exciting new person into your life. This encounter may or may not lead to something lasting, Virgo, but you will enjoy it anyway! If you're currently involved, a casual outing with your partner could result in intimate conversations that bring the two of you closer.
 Your actions may be erratic and spontaneous today, Virgo, but they will also most certainly be powerful. You may be driven by a sharp intellectual mind. Perhaps there's someone near you who has great cunning. You may be feeling brainier than usual. Genius ideas are apt to surround you and your actions as long as you keep an open mind about how and when they manifest.
 Your physical energy is strong. Your desire for passion and love is intense, Virgo. Combine these two forces for a passionate night of love and romance. No one will be able to resist your power. The key now is to make sure that you aren't giving yourself away to someone who's unworthy of your love. Match yourself with a person who appreciates you for the amazing person you re.
 There may be some rough spots today that could be difficult to iron out, Virgo. No matter what you do, you land just a bit short of the mark. Perhaps your indecisiveness is making it too difficult for you to be effective. Your easygoing way of naturally going with the flow is making it easier for other people to manipulate you into doing what they want. Take control of the situation.
 Today you might crave solitude, Virgo, perhaps for meditation or to contemplate your current situation. You may feel you're at a crossroads and need to decide which way to go. This could involve the next step in your material progress or self
 Travel plans might have you confused, Virgo. You may have a number of possibilities in mind, and all seem equally attractive. It probably isn't feasible to go for them all. You may also face decisions regarding your education. You're probably going to have to make a choice, but today isn't the day to do it. Confusion is likely to reign. Wait a few days and then consider your options carefully.
 You're likely to act with great immediacy, Virgo. You will instantly know what to do in a situation, especially a crisis. You're likely to be thinking at top speed and moving with efficiency and courage. You should feel strong knowing that there's a terrific support system surrounding you in case things go awry. Go out on a limb and take a chance that you might not have considered before.
 There's a larger trend operating in your life, Virgo. It's asking you to break the rules and enter a new realm 
 If you're in a committed relationship, expect to feel a new sense of mutual purpose and make some new friends. If you aren't involved, Virgo, love could come into your life today. You may just think it's about time, but changes in you are attracting interesting people. Children who come into your life now might prove to be natural gurus who help you in your spiritual quest.
 A rather unsettling communication could cause you to dwell on the negative side of whatever you learn, Virgo. Don't fall into this trap. The positive side will become more apparent as the day wanes. You might decide to purchase some new equipment to enhance your communications, perhaps a phone or new computer. Try not to spend too much of your day learning how to use it!
 Don't take your bank or portfolio statement at face value today, Virgo. Financial errors are likely. Someone may want you to see things from his or her viewpoint, which may not be based on fact. Check and double
 If you've wanted to get involved in some type of volunteer organization, today may be when you sign up to support a worthy cause. Whether it's an envirnomental charity or a volunteer opportunity, you realize that working to better the planet is an important element that has been missing in your life. Life glows all that much brighter with your new altruistic outlook, Virgo.
 Today your imagination is likely to be flying high, Virgo, drawing on past images and events that you may have forgotten. You may wonder about the commercial potential of your thoughts. A conversation with a friend who knows this subject could prove enlightening. Write your ideas down and learn as much as you can about your various options over the next few days. You might be surprised!
 Today, Virgo, you should feel especially attractive, romantic, and sexy. Any current or potential romantic partner you encounter will probably pay you lots of attention and want to make plans for the two of you to get together. This might be just what you need, as the last few days may have been difficult. Get out of the house and have a little fun. Everyone needs to do this now and then!
 Today you might receive intense telepathic communications from someone you don't know very well, Virgo. This might be symptomatic of strong ESP abilities, or it might be that this person is sending out distress signals to everyone he or she knows. If you feel comfortable with the idea, you might try to get to know the person a little better. This person could need a friend right now.
 A group gathering you attend today could have long
 The visual arts should be of special interest to you today, Virgo. Perhaps an exhibition by a favorite artist is opening, or maybe you've decided to try drawing or painting. A friend or lover could join you in such activities. Books of great art should also prove tempting, so stay out of bookstores! Design, sewing, and interior decoration could provide outlets for this interest.
 A rather black mood that's been plaguing you since early morning could suddenly disappear when a business or romantic partner brings wonderful news your way, Virgo. It could involve a goal that finally manifests that you may have given up long ago. If so, you could feel a little overwhelmed. Take some time to sit still and let it sink in before celebrating Congratulations!
 You may be obsessed with finding your true purpose in life, Virgo. Although you may not like to admit it, this could occupy your thoughts a lot. Try not to be so stressed about it. Realize that knowing your true purpose can take many years, even a lifetime, of careful thought and observation. Try to focus on enjoying more of the daily moments. You may just stumble onto the answer you seek.
 Even though you're likely to wake up feeling energetic and enthusiastic, Virgo, your mood may sink a little when you think about all you need to do. It may be time to question whether you should make some significant changes. Are the walls closing in on you? If so, perhaps you should look for an opportunity that gives you more freedom of movement or perhaps gets you outside part of the time.
 If you've been studying astrology, numerology, or any other occult science, Virgo, today you might find some of the concepts you're studying a bit confusing. You may have glossed over some of the ideas that are prerequisites to what you're looking at now. Go back and review last week's lesson and everything might make more sense to you. You will probably progress that much faster for doing this.
 It may be difficult to deal with people who seem spaced out and confused today, Virgo. This confusion can be contagious. You will find that no matter how much logic you apply to the situation, if it doesn't feel right, it won't happen. Things will flow naturally or they won't flow at all. Ease into the relaxed atmosphere of the day and don't worry if things don't happen as quickly as you'd like.
 You may run into roadblocks today, Virgo, but don't worry. These are things you are capable of working around. The tricky part of the situation is that none of these blocks is likely to budge, and you may have absolutely no understanding of why they're there. Try not to take this barricade personally.
 You could be planning a major journey of some kind, Virgo. It may be a long vacation or travel to foreign countries, or it could be an intellectual or spiritual journey into new schools of thought. Your mind is sharp now, so you will learn quickly and retain more. This is a good time to play detective, or perhaps you will simply want to lose yourself in a good mystery novel.
 An invitation to a social event in your neighborhood could put you in touch with artistic or spiritually inclined people. There could be some fascinating exchanges, Virgo. The event might continue into the night. No matter how late, no matter how tired you are when you get home, try to get a little exercise to clear your head and quiet your mind. You might have trouble getting to sleep otherwise.
 Opportunities for new partnerships concerning a personal project of yours could come to you from far away, Virgo. Contracts, agreements, and other legal matters work in your favor, but making sense of them could require concentration. Read the fine print to learn as much as you can. Whatever happens, your life should definitely change in a subtle but positive way. Embrace the change!
 Matters involving love and romance might not go exactly the way you'd like, Virgo. You could be waiting for your partner to make the next move, since you're unsure of which way the relationship is progressing. At the same time, it may be that your partner is the one waiting for you. Keep the lines of communication open and stop playing confusing mind games.
 Things should go nicely for you today, Virgo. You will find that the brighter you shine, the more prosperity will come your way. Things should flow smoothly, and your mind will be clear and strong. There is a marked aggressiveness to your nature that is powerful and effective. Use this to your advantage and try to bring others up to your level instead of making them feel like they're beneath you.
 A potential new love partner could show up, Virgo, perhaps someone from a distant state or foreign country or in a field like law or education. You could have a lot of interests in common with this person. Some intriguing discussions could result. Whether you choose to pursue this attraction depends on your situation, but you can enjoy this person's company today anyway. Tomorrow 
 The topic of the day is knowledge and learning. Did you study the field you really wanted to? Do you feel bad about not having attended such
 Virgo, if there's something interesting that you want to try, go for it. Adventure brings excitement, creative flow, and energy, and these are essential to you. Yours is a highly artistic nature. Continual stimulation is required to keep your psyche healthy. Experience something new today. Even if it's just a walk to a place you've never been, it will give you the adrenaline you need.
 Follow your instincts, Virgo. Even if you have a tendency to listen more to reason, put it aside today. While your ears hear words, your intuition can hear what's between the words and unsaid, providing you with a bigger picture than whatever is presented. If everything sounds right but feels wrong, you'd be better off trusting your feelings. Act with careful consideration and caution.
 Today, Virgo, consider that artistic expression can happen in many ways. It isn't always about drawing a picture, singing a song, playing music, or acting. The way that you arrange your home or workspace is an artistic expression. So are how you dress and do your hair. Each thing you do is an expression of you and your choice of style. Being uniquely artistic is innate for you.
 Your mother may be on your mind today, Virgo. Your mother probably affects how you think, act, and feel, both in the past and now. If your mother's sign is opposite yours, conflict and misunderstanding can happen more easily. Take the time to learn about her sign today to help you understand her and the relationship you have.
 Feed your mind today, Virgo. While you no doubt enjoy being active and social, you get bored fairly quickly, too. You need a constant supply of intriguing, fresh material in order to feel your best. Explore an interesting subject or learn a new hobby. Stimulate your mind and your body will become more energetic. Use the Internet if you can't get away.
 Arts and crafts may interest you today, Virgo. Even if you lean more toward sports, an artistic streak will likely run pretty strong in you. The process of creating can be richly satisfying, both in the process and in the satisfaction of a finished product. Allow yourself the opportunity to explore this, as the day's energy will lend much to your abilities.
 Does a love partner appear to be moody today, Virgo? One moment your friend may be enthusiastic and optimistic about the future, and the next moment overcome with gloom. Don't let this get to you, and certainly don't get overly upset with your partner. Listen rather than talk, and be patient. Tomorrow your friend's moods should be back to normal.
 Has a new housemate recently moved in, Virgo? If so, you can expect this person to live with you for a while. This is good, because he or she is likely to be very loving, supportive, and able to bear his or her share of the household responsibilities. You and this person, along with any others who live with you, could become very close and possibly even friends for life.
 Today might not be as lighthearted and free
 An intense, emotional dream could move you so powerfully that you wake with the odd sense that the dream was real. Write it down, Virgo. Maybe it is. Efforts to overcome obstacles and advance yourself in your career could finally be paying off. You might be walking around in a daze asking if it's really happened. It has. Make the most of it. And don't be afraid to reveal your feelings to others.
 A person you're attracted to may seem to be interested in someone else. This could bring up your insecurities and jealousy. Don't make yourself crazy, Virgo. Try to learn the facts before letting the situation get the better of you. Invitations to more than one social event for the same night might force you to make an uncomfortable choice. Make the choice that's best for you.
 Today you might enjoy planning to have some visitors stay with you for a while, Virgo. Worry about developments on the job or unfinished chores of your own might have you feeling a bit stressed and under the weather. You need to look at your situation objectively. It isn't all that bad, just something that needs to be done. Get it handled and then reward yourself somehow.
 A surge of inner power could make you feel like you can move mountains, Virgo. If you've been contemplating actions that others believe impossible, this is the day to get them going. Career matters, romance, and creative projects could all be advanced today by careful effort on your part. Give it some thought, write down your ideas, consider all contingencies, and move ahead.
 Be open and honest about your feelings toward others today, Virgo. Your receptive nature should be ready. Take a break and let others come to you. Unexpected events may pop out of nowhere. Opportunities for new growth in love and romance are definitely at your fingertips as long as you're ready to receive them. Don't try to force the issue if the time and place aren't right. Let it flow.
 A sibling or neighbor may tell you one thing, Virgo, while your intuition tells you the opposite. This isn't a vindictive deception. The person is probably trying to spare your feelings. Perhaps it's better not to challenge this person. Wait until you know more before bringing up the subject. You don't want to cause a rift between the two of you.
 Break through the potential moodiness of the day, Virgo. Burst into song while walking down the street. Encourage others to sing back to you, as if your life were an opera. Your creativity is extra strong at this point, so let it shine in unexpected areas of your world. You have the wonderful ability to turn even the most mundane situations into something exciting.
 Opportunity is the name of the game for you, Virgo. Don't turn out the lights before you make sure you've explored all your options today. Inspiration may come in a flash of unexpected thought, so make sure you have a pad and pencil handy. A good idea could be disguised as something insignificant, but if anyone is able to see the potential in something, it's you.
 A powerful desire for change could have you thinking of traveling, Virgo, or perhaps relocating to a distant state or foreign country. Friends who live far away could be trying to convince you to join them. This isn't a minor decision. It requires careful thought. You might be tempted to act impulsively, but wait for a while. In a few days, you will know if the change is right for you.
 Ideas and insights coming from deep within your psyche are likely to increase your effectiveness in whatever work you do today, Virgo. Your mind is particularly practical and logical. When coupled with an increased intuition, these abilities are invaluable. You might be most effective working solo, but if that isn't possible, you should still accomplish whatever you set out to do, and do it well.
 You seem to have the bad habit of putting off until tomorrow what you can do today, Virgo, especially those little daily things that seem to pile up, like writing letters, paying bills, getting a health checkup, or cleaning the house. However, today is a great day to deal with these monotonous tasks, so seize the moment.
 You need to be more spontaneous, Virgo, and stop trying to organize other people's lives. You will see that it isn't so hard to just let things happen. The unexpected also has a special charm. You're a slave to routine. You need to take a big bite out of life and put your trust in chance for a while. The people around you would like to see more originality in your personality. Listen to them.
 Virgo, today you will be like a good
 Ambitious plans for your future could necessitate your giving a lot of attention to practical matters, such as finances. This could be a drag, Virgo, but if you're serious about your ideas, it needs to be done. A friend, probably a man, could pitch in and help you make sense of everything. Don't try to get it all done today. Your mind could get overloaded, which might discourage you. Take it slowly.
 An unexpected letter or call could totally turn your working situation in a new direction. This can be disconcerting, Virgo, but it's a very positive and fortunate development. Relations with colleagues should involve new respect and enthusiasm. By the end of the day, you will likely feel very good about the way your life is going. Don't expect it to be the same as it was this morning!
 Obstacles may arise in the course of your chores when machines break down and interfere with your efficiency. Your frustrations may cause you to want to yell and throw things. If you must blow your top, Virgo, do it in such a way as to avoid causing upset to others. Go for a workout or jog. The machines will be fixed and the situation will pass. Hang in there.
 Your physical and mental energy are exceptionally strong right now, Virgo. If you're creative, you will want to put that energy into a project that means a lot to you. If you're athletic, you will probably want to get outside and play a game or go for a jog or cardio class. Bear in mind that much of this energy is nervous energy that burns out quickly. Pace yourself.
 A meeting, perhaps related to finances, might take place at your home, Virgo. For the most part, the meeting will go well and you will accomplish what you want. Communication flows freely and agreements are easily reached. Bear in mind that someone has an agenda of their own that might not correspond with the interests of everyone else. Avoid discussing anything that should be kept confidential.
 Today you might decide to get some annoying but necessary chores done, Virgo. You have the energy and stamina to finish them and probably will, although you may go crazy from boredom in the meantime. Your mind should be especially active, so don't be surprised if during the course of doing your chores you find the answers to questions you've been asking yourself for a long time.
 A business or romantic partner might be in a foul mood and not very likely to tell you why, Virgo. It won't be all that easy to deal with, but it probably doesn't relate to any trouble between you. Therefore, it's best to let your partner work it out alone. Take care to stay cool and keep a safe distance between you, at least for today. The mood should pass by tomorrow.
 You're probably feeling full of energy, Virgo, and looking for an outlet for it aside from the usual jog or workout. A hike along a scenic path would be just the thing. Phone a friend and see if you can arrange to do it together. Your friend will probably be as enthusiastic as you. You may enjoy yourselves so much that you decide to make it a weekly event.
 Recent successes haven't made you feel you can rest on your laurels, Virgo. Rather, you're more likely to work harder. Today you might spend a lot of time considering different options for improving your socioeconomic status. Among them might be enterprises connected with the planet. Business and romantic partners could inspire you.
 Today you may decide to study healing, Virgo. You could read about alternative methods regarding diet, herbs, aromatherapy, massage, or acupuncture. You might decide to learn some hands
 Some callous words spoken carelessly could make you feel hurt and insecure, Virgo. They may not have been intentional, but even so, bear in mind that they're only words. They tell you far more about the one who said them than they do about you. Spend the evening with people who love and respect you. You mirror the best in them, and that's why they enjoy your company.
 Don't turn down invitations today, Virgo. A group meeting or social event could be thrown together with casual acquaintances, and your relationship with these people could abruptly change. At the very least, some will become friends. You might also acquire some valuable business contacts or partners. You might fall in love. By evening, you could be in a daze from the unexpected events.
 Stress, strain, and a little conflict within a business, romantic, or creative partnership could have you toying with the idea of ending it, Virgo. Don't do anything rash right now. Wait a day or so and then think about it. This is likely to be a temporary situation. If you break it off now you will probably regret it tomorrow. Spend time alone and give your partner some space.
 A day such as today should demonstrate an old truth 
 Errands seem to rule the day. You spend most of it in the car, running hither and yon. Don't be surprised if you run into an old friend you haven't seen in a while. The casual pleasantries you exchange could develop into something more. Perhaps you will discover a common interest and decide to build a business based on it. Keep your eyes (and mind) wide open.
 Even though you seem content with your career, you're ready for some change in your life, Virgo. This is the time to consider joining a group. How about a local book club? Or if you're more actively inclined, sign up with a tennis team or local running club. There are lots of diversions to occupy your mind as well body. The real upside is that you're likely to make some wonderful new friends.
 A phone call from a close friend or love partner could bring a thrilling surprise your way today, Virgo. An event has occurred that you either gave up on long ago or never dreamed of. This news could necessitate your spending a lot of time on the phone or computer making contacts, but that's OK. You will be so happy that this happened that you won't mind the time you spend on it.
 You usually tend to be outgoing, Virgo, and you love talking to others. However, today you may feel far more reticent than usual, more inclined to listen than speak. There may not seem to be any real reason for this. It isn't as if you're depressed or worried. Don't worry about it. View this as an opportunity to hear what others have to say. You will be yourself tomorrow.
 Let your childlike side come out and play today, Virgo. Your dreams are in full force, so let them lead the way. Enjoy lighthearted conversations with friends about the latest movies or novels. You might want to go shopping or get a haircut. This is a good day to improve your general appearance. You have a much keener eye for style on a day like this.
 Expanding your horizons is the key for today, Virgo. Communications received from distant states or foreign lands could have you entertaining the idea of traveling to those places. Learning is very much on your mind. You're probably curious about different cultures, ideas, and perspectives. Even though you might not make definite plans for travel now, you're apt to at least consider it.
 Financial matters might need attention today. Bills may need to be paid, checks deposited, and budgeting worked out. Your powers of concentration are high, Virgo, so this is a great day to do this, even though you'd rather be doing something more interesting. Don't despair. Your practical skills are good, so you're apt to finish quickly. Then you can go play.
 You might spend hours on the phone today, Virgo, possibly discussing opportunities to perform services for others. Your mental and physical energy should be high. You will want to use as many tools as you can to get whatever information you need, including books and the Internet. You're going to want to get out and walk or work out, as you will need to work off excess energy.
 A rally or other sort of mass meeting could take place in your neighborhood today, Virgo. It could be the most exciting thing that's happened to your community in a long time. Expect to meet a number of interesting people. Social events, perhaps connected to this rally, could take up a lot of your time, almost to the point of wearing you out. Don't try to do too much.
 Work that you're doing either at home or on your home is likely to go well today and bring you the results you're hoping for, Virgo. Members of your household might want to pitch in and help. You will probably spend most of your time inside, but you may also have to spend some time out gathering supplies and materials that you may need.
 Worries about health and work might be on your mind today, Virgo. You could be stressed out over whatever you're doing, and this might have you feeling less energetic than usual. It's a good idea to work a little to lessen the stress in your life. This feeling is going to pass whatever you do. Try to rest a little and have some fun in spite of the stress.
 Some great news could come today that turns your life upside down momentarily. Virgo, you will find it very exciting. New neighbors could move in and you might spend some time getting acquainted. Much of your day could be spent seeking information in a field that interests you. Expect a busy day, but remember to rest now and then. A walk in the evening might be a good idea.
 Strained nerves and trepidation about unpleasant tasks could have you on edge and likely to take your stress out on those closest to you. Try to avoid this, Virgo. Go for a walk. Release your stress through exercise or writing. Communicate your feelings to friends and assure them you aren't upset with them. In this way, you will get through the day with little damage.
 Confusing communications could be the pattern for today, Virgo. Some paperwork you need to do for a task might be delayed 
 Your usually abundant energy may experience a sudden setback today, Virgo. Work pressure could create stress that leaves you feeling exhausted and out of sorts. This will pass. You should be strong and healthy and so able to overcome it quickly. It's going to drive you crazy to not feel as active as you usually are. Relax and spend a day resting. It won't hurt you in the long run.
 Success in your work continues to bring good fortune your way. Today you might get reassurance that this isn't a flash in the pan. You're likely to be financially secure for a long time. You're probably feeling strong and robust, full of energy and stamina, and ready to take on just about any challenge. Move ahead, Virgo, but move with caution. You're never too prosperous to be careful.
 There's an extra bit of fire in your words and emotions today, Virgo. Your sensitivity is heightened and you should consider doing some sort of volunteer work now. You may talk about saving the world, but talk will get you nowhere until you put those ideas into practice. Take part in the lives of people who are less fortunate and seek the truth in all the issues you encounter.
 Powerful feelings of love well up today, particularly toward family members. Communication between you and those you love is likely to be heightened, Virgo, as you learn to speak your mind while not being too blunt. Romantic matters could thrive now, as you will be in the mood to physically express your feelings. Old friends form stronger bonds, while you discover common interests with new friends.
 Today marks the beginning of a new cycle for you, Virgo. Collect and consolidate your recent ideas and focus them outwardly. The time is right for you to act. Improve your surroundings and adjust your bed so that it faces east/west. (A north/south placement aligns you with Earth's magnetic field and causes you to lose energy at night.) Drink plenty of water to keep your mind clear.
 Your freedom
 You may be out of step with the rest of the world today, Virgo, but don't sweat it. This is a good day to finish projects. Your head may be in the clouds and your emotions foggier than usual. Bring more of your fantasy world to the current reality. Don't just talk about lofty ideas and beautiful dreams 
 Remember that you're here to have fun, and happiness is your true destiny, Virgo. Keep this in mind today, as forces may tend to pull you away from the fun you've been having. There may be a rather sobering tone to the day that's stubbornly trying to rain on your parade. Recognize the need for structure and stability, but don't let it bring you down.
 There's a great deal of air to fuel your fire today, Virgo. Conversations will light up upon your arrival. Dreams, fantasies, and inspired wishes may come to the surface, asking you to digest them with your open, adventurous mind. Use this fuel to keep things burning red hot within you. Bring your dreams to the surface and turn them into realities by joining forces with others.
 You may have many irons in the fire today, Virgo. People and projects could demand your attention, yet you may feel so dreamy and unmotivated that it could be hard to make progress on any of them. Creative solutions are the best route for you. Be flexible and open to other people's ideas, and make sure you consider the unlikeliest ways to tackle the issues.
 You might find that others' strong opinions dictate today's actions, Virgo. The atmosphere is quite intense, so you might want to lay low and let others have their way. Don't try to put up a fight. Unexpected opposition may come out of nowhere and take control. There's a powerful force at work asking you to do things with more passion than usual.
 Do you help the world evolve, Virgo? You may ask yourself this kind of delicate question today. Even if you're a person of action who knows how to react to situations, you should be careful not to be too impulsive. You have a specific role to play. Don't get thrown off track by emotional circumstances.
 You have a tendency to want to explain everything that goes on around you, Virgo. You rationalize everything in an instant, and group all your experiences into great theories. But you've been very quiet for quite some time now. It's as if something is keeping you from speaking. Today you will get a few words in, so don't worry.
 What an extraordinary day for you, Virgo! The dynamic energy in the air will help you set new personal goals. The positive feedback you get from the people around you could inspire you to make some life
 Your playful attitude will be a welcome addition to the sober, restrictive tone of the day. On the other hand, it may behoove you to be serious in order to accomplish what you need to get done. The choice is up to you. However, you would probably be wise to spend this day taking care of chores and nagging errands that you've put off for quite some time.
 Take a step back from the line of fire today and examine your position. You've made some bold moves and now it's time to pause and evaluate. Listen to others' reactions. Take the observations and comments to heart. Other people may see things about your situation that you don't. Don't get boxed in by narrow
 It's time to loosen up, Virgo. The planetary aspects bring a new cycle of tolerance and understanding your way. You could use a bit of both. Take baby steps as you introduce the kinder, gentler you to your friends and co
 You're so upbeat and optimistic by nature that it's difficult for you to accept certain failures. That may be what you're thinking today as you reflect on recent humanitarian efforts. Try not to take such a short
 It might seem like someone has dumped a bucket of water on your head today, Virgo. It seems like your fire is out. Keep in mind that this is only temporary and that your internal flame will be rekindled soon. For now, you may want to take this time to slow down and relax. Use this as an opportunity to reflect and tune in to your sensitive, caring nature. Let someone else take the reins.
 Things may seem a little cloudy today, Virgo, but this is no reason to be blue. It could be that you need to make adjustments before you can smoothly relate to others. Take this opportunity to attend to things that you normally wouldn't think of. See things from the perspective of someone in another walk of life. Realize the fun of just staying home and falling asleep on the couch.
 You like to give people advice and help them find direction in their lives 
 Think long and hard before making commitments, Virgo. Much is at stake, especially where your love life is concerned. It's likely that a proposal is coming your way. Do you know how you will answer? Events may have you feeling like you're at a crossroads when actually you're more on track than ever. The key lies in trusting your instincts and remaining true to your ideals.
 You have the gift of being able to get your great ideas across to others. In your family, you may be the one who teaches your children about life and its responsibilities. Today someone might teach you something you didn't know. You should never forget that education means communication, and communication is the exchange of ideas.
 Today is a fantastic day for you, Virgo. You should enjoy a good mood and positive experiences with others. There's most likely a slow
 Take care of your home today, both physically and emotionally. See that bills are paid and the bedroom is tidy. Don't forget to clean the dust from under your bed and the demons from inside your mind. Realize that you might be running on someone else's operating system that got stuck in your hard drive. Make sure you replace it with your own software before you continue.
 Today may be a rough day in which you find it hard to make a decision about anything. Refrain from making any major moves regarding finances or real estate. Concentrate on you and the answers will come from within. Be realistic and practical when it comes to your emotions. You may find it hard to connect with someone tonight, so stick close to home and focus inward.
 Today is a terrific day for you, Virgo, in which action spells reward. You can't go wrong by expressing your needs and how they fit with the collective agenda. Feel free to focus on you and be selfish about your passions. Be aware that unexpected events may crop up to remind you that number one is indeed important, but don't forget about numbers two, three, and so on.
 Things should go well for you today, Virgo. Your romantic nature is piqued. You will find that an aggressive approach toward your loved one is just what's needed to jump
 Don't criticize the situation until you've come up with a better solution, Virgo. Be creative. You can accomplish much if you approach the situation confidently. Pessimism won't help find a solution. Relax and let your intuition guide you. Feel free to speak with confidence and strength. Perhaps the most fanciful
 There's a great deal of grounding energy in your world today, Virgo, which might work to smother your fire. Whatever happens, don't let the embers burn out. One of the assets you bring to the group is a strong dynamism that gives people the courage to change. Be a fighter in the ring. Remember that at the end of the day, you need only be satisfied with the performance of one person 
 Today you might need to run a lot of errands, Virgo. This could prove frustrating. Traffic could be bad, you might not find what you need, and it may be difficult to reach those you need to consult. These are all circumstances beyond your control, so it's best to find something else to do. This is a great day to stay in and research matters that you may want to put to use.
 An attractive neighbor with whom you seem to share a bond could become a friend. A group you're affiliated with could be expressing highly idealized goals and purposes. These goals are likely to be admirable, Virgo, but they may not be all that realistic. Bear that in mind before committing to any course of action. You need more facts before you can proceed.
 There is more than meets the eye to a money situation today, Virgo. There could be errors in your financial records, or someone may not be telling the truth about an important item. You're a caring, trusting person, but this isn't the day to blindly accept anyone's statements. Check the facts and see for yourself, then act accordingly in order to see to your own best interests.
 You must be wondering what in the world is going on? On the one hand, you have humanistic and harmonious thoughts about your family and work environment. On the other hand, you also have a deep desire to destroy everything in order to start fresh! You will have to choose. In any case, given the current climate and the fire inside you, any sort of compromise will prove difficult. Don't go overboard!
 Because you have a tendency to brood over everything right now, Virgo, a day like this can't be anything but beneficial. It has been difficult for you to find satisfaction within the realm of the known world lately, but today offers you a journey into another perception, one that's intangible and unreal. You may find it gratifying, especially if you try some artistic, esoteric, or religious activity.
 You can soar to great heights on a moment's notice today, Virgo. There's a fast
 Balance your boisterous, adventurous nature with a bit of discipline today, Virgo. It's important to laugh, but it's also important to stay on task with your duties. The good news is that both of these things can work in tandem. They aren't mutually exclusive. In fact, one will help you achieve the other. Be serious, but have a good time and keep things in perspective.
 Things coming at you from all sides are forcing you to make a move, Virgo. Try not to feel pressured into something you don't want to do. A nervous restlessness is apt to take over your being and urge you to act. Don't let other people's energies dictate your actions. Secure your position and be strong. Don't be lured into situations you know are bad for you.
 Things should be going well for you today, so don't miss the opportunities that await you, Virgo. There's a sparkle in your eye that's unmistakable, and you will find that issues regarding love and romance are especially potent. Love is on your side. You should take this opportunity to delve deeply into a love affair. Take a trip with the people you enjoy most.
 Today, Virgo, you might uncharacteristically decide to sequester yourself away from the world. Perhaps you're tired or feeling a bit under the weather and only wish to kick back and read a good book. That's fine. Everyone needs a little solitude from time to time. The only concern here is that if you stay too secluded, you might miss an important communication. Resist the temptation to turn off the phone!
 You've been stamping the ground impatiently. You're waiting for the moment to jump into new adventures with renewed vigor after your meditation of the last few months. Virgo, know that the moment has almost arrived! You now have the strategy, objective, and means at your disposal to succeed. Just a bit more work remains. Gather your strength and get ready for action!
 Your heart is in the right place today, Virgo, so feel free to share your good mood with others. Keep things simple and straightforward. Try not to complicate issues with unnecessary garble. Streamline your thoughts and actions. You will find that you can be much more efficient when you cut out the aspects that aren't pertinent or absolutely necessary. Follow your heart.
 Communication with others could be extremely rewarding, Virgo, especially later in the day. Project more of your energy outward and join others in projects that you might otherwise try to tackle on your own. Things should flow smoothly as long as you take a lighthearted, optimistic approach. Move forward with projects instead of just contemplating their completion.
 All dissatisfaction will be abolished today as you systematically confront and resolve all the little problems that have been bothering you. Your tolerance threshold is low to nonexistent. Give a wide berth to friends who have been irritating lately. Your wardrobe improves dramatically as you discard all those clothes that don't fit or no longer suit you.
 Devote the day to your children or partner, Virgo. You may protest that it's too hard to find the time to give them the attention they deserve. You don't have time for yourself, much less anyone else. In any case, you will probably feel torn between what is expected of you and what you feel you can realistically give. If you want to dispel the inner tension, take care in the choices you make in the next few weeks.
 Move in for the touchdown today, Virgo, and don't stop until you succeed. Don't let other people's insecurities become yours. Have confidence in yourself and the way you behave around others. Just because someone else feels sad doesn't mean you have to, just to make them feel better. The best thing you can do in this situation is turn it around by exhibiting sheer happiness.
 You might be distracted by daydreams of a trip you're planning to take, Virgo. A friend could phone and want to discuss it, which doesn't help. Visions of faraway places and exciting pastimes may dance in your head, and routine tasks seem incredibly tedious and unworthy of attention. It's best to get them done if you can. Then you can fantasize about your vacation without guilt!
 Your playful attitude is apt to be opposed by someone who refuses to see things your way, Virgo. Walk away from those who aren't committed to helping the situation. It could be that there are people who purposefully try to sabotage your plans. You're too smart to fall into this trap. Prove to others that even though you may be happy, it doesn't mean you're gullible.
 The social agitation that has been in your life for the last three weeks is coming to an end, Virgo. The celestial energy will help you learn some lessons and prepare for the next cycle. It would be great if you had some success and honors, because this would help you confront the coming weeks. It will be a time of meditation and feeling a little bit disconnected from the world.
 Vast amounts of information could come to you through email or phone. Expect to hear from groups. You could make new friends, Virgo, possibly in your neighborhood, as changes could be taking place in your community. You could hear of classes you want to take. Books or magazines may bring valuable information. This could be a very stimulating and significant day.
 You have a promising day ahead, Virgo. Finally, you will advance by leaps and bounds in whatever needs to be done. Whatever has been causing the delays will likely be revealed today. You return to the skill and professionalism you so value after several weeks of halting progress. Don't tolerate any violation of your ethics now or in the future.
 The day ahead won't be easy, Virgo. A glimpse at your love life reveals that you will be bridling at certain inhibitions. You long for peace and stability, and at the moment everything is in suspense. Use the day ahead to gain some perspective on the situation. Until the ice melts and the flow of events resumes, why not devote your energy to some other endeavor?
 Your surroundings are currently changing, Virgo. Perhaps your circle of friends has already undergone a major change. The fact is that you no longer have so many prejudices about the people you meet, and no longer seek only a certain type of person as a friend. You accept whoever comes along. You may not realize it, but your attitude is completely different now than it once was. Good for you!
 You've reached a climactic time of year regarding love and romance, Virgo. This is the time when your dream finally materializes or you realize that all your efforts are failures. It all depends on how you played your cards over the past few months. This is one of those moments of reckoning when you face reality. You must bring your craft to the landing strip and check in with mission control.
 Consider planning a romantic interlude, Virgo. With the influence from today's planetary aspects, it will be easy to connect with that special someone. Go out for dinner with your spouse or partner or make a date with someone new who's caught your eye. Don't let shyness or insecurity stand in your way. If you're single, consider loving the most important person in your life 
 It's good to dream, especially on days like today, Virgo. Expanding your mind and thinking of possibilities are positive ways to increase your knowledge. Give yourself time to think. Why not lie on your back and watch the clouds or stars? Let yourself dream about things that may not seem practical or possible. Many real things have come out of someone's dreams. Your creativity will flourish if you take the time.
 Errands or other short journeys in your neighborhood could result in a chance meeting with someone who could be of great benefit to you in the future, Virgo. Opportunities to advance your educational, artistic, or spiritual interests could open up as a result of this meeting. When you go out, make sure you look your best even if you're only going to the grocery store.
 Obstacles that you encountered in attaining your cherished goals could suddenly seem to melt away, clearing the way to make your dreams come true, Virgo. This could involve physical health, plans for travel and education, and self
 You may have had a hard time lately reaching your objectives. Unfortunately for you, Virgo, today will be no different. You may begin to feel a bit dissatisfied with the way your life is going at the moment. You will ask yourself certain questions about your goals. Does your personal life live up to those goals? Can you express your wonderful creativity as much as you'd like?
 Your spirit sparkles, Virgo. You may feel filled with tremendous energy as you go about your day. Your sense of adventure is high, and there's very little that gets you down. One area that might be difficult to deal with right now is love and romance. You may feel like this is the one domain in which things aren't going the way you'd like them to. Patience is the secret.
 Today could be rather constraining, Virgo. Despite your great aspirations, today will be marked by the need to take care of the small problems that arise in everyday life. In other words, just what you love. That said, being more down to Earth or in contact with the realities of the world can never do anything but good for you.
 You're wasting your energy, Virgo, and you know it. You go out to dinner, attend parties and shows, but you're never really present. You listen to people but what they're saying doesn't interest you in any fundamental way. Yes, you're bored, and you're afraid to admit it to yourself. The depth of your inner search requires that you use a lot of energy to reexamine your life.
 It isn't because your new projects demand such precision that they're causing you problems, Virgo. You tend to think details keep you from having a global vision, but that simply isn't true. There's no conflict between the long
 Today is going to be a great day for you, Virgo. You aren't one to embrace rules, constraints, or restrictions of any kind, preferring instead to reside in a fantasy world where no limitations apply. Have you considered that it's possible for you to join the rest of us here on Earth and still retain your liberty and ideals?
 If you knew the truth of all the things that are going on outside your world, you'd be appalled, Virgo. You shouldn't take things at face value today. It's important to simply go and see things for yourself. Don't trust another's word on what is true and what isn't. Question what you see. Make sure you don't let others pull the wool over your eyes.
 Today is well suited for making new friends, Virgo. Your sense of adventure is undoubtedly up to it! You will be your usual confident self, but others will seem to respond to your charisma even more than usual. At a party, you may meet someone who lives far away who invites you to visit at a later date. What a wonderful opportunity for travel!
 Today's planetary configurations indicate that this would be a good moment to get rid of everything that's still holding you back from an impending rebirth, Virgo. One stumbling block for you may be the impulse that you seem to have to blend in with others. You're an individual, Virgo. This isn't something to overcome. It should be celebrated!
 Virgo, you see new horizons. It's possible that the changes you've been going through lately aren't completely finished. You may even have a hard time keeping yourself from running away from it all. Your rebirth will only be complete after you clearly define your desires. Use today to think about what you want. Things aren't completely clear.
 Virgo, check your house to make certain everything is in working order. There are indications that small hazards could exist that need correcting. Tension might run high among family members, and quarrels could result. Don't waste time trying to mediate. They will have to work it out for themselves. This is a great day for study and solitude, since your mind is especially sharp.
 You may be like a giant trying to befriend a small bug, Virgo. You have absolutely nothing in common and don't even speak the same language. With one accidental move, you could easily squash that little bug. This isn't to say that you can't learn to become best friends. Just know that this kind of relationship is going to take some work.
 Climactic events are apt to occur in your life, Virgo. It's time to condense and solidify your grand schemes and bright ideas in such a way that makes them more practical. Things may be spinning so quickly that you aren't quite sure where to jump on. Worry about that later. For now, what you need to do is express your ideas forcefully and succinctly. Doors will open as a result.
 You may have to make an important decision today, Virgo. It has come to the point where someone draws a line in the sand and challenges you to cross it. Do you stay where you are and continue on without that person, or do you join them and support their goals and actions? The conflict today is between your head and your gut. Don't limit your choices to two. There are always compromises.
 Your time finally seems to be your own, Virgo. There are probably no rush jobs to finish, no urgent phone calls to make, and no one looking over your shoulder. This causes a significant release of stress, and you're better able than usual to focus on what you have in front of you. In the evening, relax at home, order delivery, and watch a movie.
 You might wake up this morning and decide your home is a total wreck. The desire to spend the day cleaning and sprucing up your house might prove almost obsessive. Do what you have to do, but don't get so caught up that you forget about the big picture. Whatever you do today, Virgo, view it in its proper perspective. The world won't end if your house isn't flawlessly clean.
 You may have been expecting some money over the past several days, and today it could finally arrive. Delays in reaching your goals are finished for the moment. If you have a project you've been trying to complete, Virgo, this is the day to do it, especially if it involves paperwork. This isn't the day to compete with anyone, however. Your sense of cooperation is too strong.
 This isn't the day to take a trip by air, Virgo. Everything that can go wrong with such a trip will 
 This could be a confusing day for you, Virgo. Financial issues might be complicated by computer glitches or failures in communication. Keep pushing, however, and whatever you're trying to straighten out will be resolved. An opportunity to participate in a project you've never tried before could have you doubting your abilities. Believe in yourself and then move ahead. There's a first time for everything!
 Short journeys in your neighborhood, perhaps connected with a group you're associated with, could take up a lot of your time today, Virgo. Fascinating and stimulating emails or calls could arrive. Books and magazine articles could provide information that sends you in a new direction in some way. Write down your ideas! You will want to remember them all.
 Are you entertaining tonight, Virgo? If so, you might be a little worried about what your guests think of your home and your skills as a host. Don't waste any time worrying. A good time will be had by all, including you. Everyone is likely to have a memorable evening. Just do your best, be your usual jovial self, and concentrate on having fun.
 You don't normally tend toward frugality, Virgo, but today you could go overboard with your spending. Frustration from all sides makes you want to release it all at once by acquiring new possessions. This is fine up to a point. Treat yourself, but take care that you curb the impulse buying. You don't want to waste any time tomorrow taking unwanted items back to the store.
 A small spark in a dry field is apt to whip the hill into flames, Virgo. A raging wildfire may be underway by the end of the day. Know that you're one of the biggest perpetrators, but don't feel badly about it. Fire is destructive but also necessary. Clearing out brush and offering a fresh new place in which new growth can flourish is an important part of the cycle of nature.
 You may still be on something of a high from the last couple weeks. You will definitely be tempted to let the good times continue to roll, Virgo. Think about ways you can keep them rolling while still maintaining good judgment. Don't let things get too out of control today. It's important that you maintain a bit of stability at all times.
 Indecisiveness could be your biggest nemesis today, Virgo. The general tone of the day is apt to be quite explosive as a feeling of restriction and discipline comes into conflict with a need to fight and conquer. You might find that your go
 Peace and harmony are in the regularly scheduled program for the day, but there is a good chance that there could be a warring force with strong opinions and vindictive tendencies. Hold onto your hat, Virgo, and make sure you have your actions well aligned with your soul or else you could be thrown into a battle that has nothing to do with you.
 You might consider taking a short trip today, Virgo. Perhaps you need to get out of the house and go across town. Whatever it is, introduce your brain to a new reality. It's time to expand and explore. You itch to see new places and experience new things, either physically or mentally. Perhaps a religious sanctuary or quiet place in grove of trees is what you need in order to quench this inner thirst.
 Grab hold of the day's boisterous energy and run with it, Virgo. This is a good time to kick up your heels and have fun. You might find that people are a bit more high
 Your financial situation could be greatly boosted by a development you hadn't expected, Virgo. Perhaps some investments suddenly skyrocket in value, or maybe the homes in your neighborhood are suddenly worth more than you thought. Whichever it is, don't try to cash in on it right now. Chances are the value of your investment will continue to increase. Hang in there and watch it grow.
 Perhaps you've been impatiently waiting for the moment to jump into new adventures after your meditation during the last few months. Know that the moment has almost arrived! You now have the strategy, objective, and means at your disposal to succeed. Just a bit more work remains to be done. Gather your strength and get ready to take action with renewed vigor.
 Whatever you're working on at the moment, Virgo, whether business related, personal projects, or volunteer work, it's likely to bring you increased satisfaction on many levels. You're enjoying what you do, making a difference, and meeting new friends. Your health continues to glow. You may feel as if nothing can stop you. Watch out for minor upsets, but nothing that will burst your bubble.
 You should be looking especially attractive today and glowing with robust health, Virgo. You're apt to feel warm and loving, particularly toward small animals. If you've considered adopting a pet, this is a good day to do it. Business, work, and money matters continue to go well. You should be in a pretty good space. This frame of mind should last you a long time.
 Stimulating conversations could take place with partners of all sorts, Virgo, from business to exercise to romantic. Some new and useful information could come your way that you will want to explore further. This is a great day to execute legal papers or enter into any kind of agreement or commitment. It's a good time to sign up for a class or workshop. Make good use of the energies of the day.
 Is a new neighbor moving in nearby, Virgo? This person could come from a very interesting locale, so you might want to get to know him or her. Don't expect to be able to do this today. This person may be in and out throughout the afternoon and too busy with settling in. Drop some cookies off some time over the next few days, however. You will be glad you did.
 If you find that there's tension in a close relationship, you may get the feeling that this isn't the right partner for you, Virgo. Don't automatically assume that the problem lies in your partner. Difficult situations involving the need for love and affection are likely to emerge regardless of the situation or the company. Instead of running to the next person, take the time to work things out.
 Try not to think too much about what is "supposed" to happen next, Virgo. The truth of the matter is that things don't necessarily work out the way they're planned, so don't count on something that has no guarantee of coming to fruition. Stick to your own way of doing things and try not to get too hung up on the results. The key now is to enjoy the process.
 You might need to put on the brakes today when it comes to love and romance, Virgo. Don't think that this means you have to break off any sort relationship that's in the works, but realize that you may need to take a more realistic approach to how you handle it. The problem is that you may be getting so caught up in the fantasy of things that you aren't tending to practicalities.
 You're apt to be somewhat fickle when it comes to love and romance right now, Virgo. The key for you now is freedom. The problem with this mindset is that it might be misinterpreted. Your partner may think you simply aren't interested in him or her anymore. Remind your partner that it's OK to love someone while also needing time and space to do things on your own.
 An intense card, email, or phone call could come from a sibling or other relative today. Perhaps this is a good chance to patch up an old quarrel with this person, but don't be tempted to start another! Emotions are running high now, Virgo, and it wouldn't take much to set someone off. You might want to go out and do a little shopping, but be careful. Traffic could be bad.
 If you're having trouble tackling a giant problem, Virgo, don't get discouraged or overwhelmed. They key for you is to break things down into smaller chunks, analyze them, and figure out their role within the greater whole. You will find that by taking things one step at a time, any problem you encounter will be infinitely easier to overcome than you may have thought at first.
 You may feel as if your smile is unwelcome today, Virgo. It may seem to you like there's some sort of gloom and doom to people's attitudes that makes them unwilling to accept any sort of good news. Don't let this stop you from maintaining your own cheerful state. It's important that you not probe too deeply into the reasons behind other people's behavior now.
 Don't take no for an answer today, Virgo. Know what you believe in and stick with it. There's a distinct advantage to holding true to your inner nature. Don't let others throw you off course with their views on how things should be done. Be confident and don't worry about taking things over the top. There's no such thing as excess today. "The more the merrier" should be your motto.
 A large gathering of friends, relatives, and neighbors could take place in your neighborhood today, Virgo. You might run into a few old friends you haven't seen in a long time and enjoy catching up. A former romantic partner could also be present. Are you still interested? If so, pursue it. It might work this time! If you're no longer interested, perhaps you could now be friends. Think about it!
 This is a day made for fun and frivolity, Virgo, not one in which you're likely to get many of your chores done. Try as you might to focus on the task at hand, there are distractions everywhere you turn. Your email pals could be sending you jokes and notes, and your friends could be bugging you to join them for an outing of some sort. You may as well give in.
 This is a good day for financial matters, Virgo. With your credit cards maxed out, you may be thinking that your bank account isn't as healthy as it could be. But today you're likely to receive some news that indicates otherwise. You may get a windfall or discover that your portfolio is generating healthy returns. It's a good day for paperwork.
 You usually love to talk, Virgo, but right now you've probably reached your limit. You've attended a number of gatherings and talked to a lot of people over the past week or so, and now you want to sit quietly at home. If friends or family members insist on your going out with them, don't be afraid to say no. Everyone knows how busy you've been. Take some time to yourself and relax.
 You might have to play nurse today, Virgo. A love partner could claim to feel unwell, and you might expend a lot of energy trying to make your friend feel better. Don't overdo it. There may be psychological factors at work. Your friend could be jealous of the attention you've been giving family and friends. Be attentive, but within limits!
 A walk through your neighborhood, perhaps with friends, could put you in the middle of an unexpected, interesting event, Virgo. It may be a public gathering, like a fair, or an impromptu get
 This could be a banner day, Virgo. Your spiritual and career goals come together so both are enhanced and neither is compromised. It's a neat trick. You can expect the opportunity to practice what you preach to come to you through a friend or colleague. Don't discount any ideas presented to you, as one will contain the key to meshing two of the most important parts of your life.
 A gathering in your neighborhood could attract all your friends and many of your neighbors, Virgo, but you may feel a little under the weather and consider staying home. Your energy may be lagging, as all energy does once in a while after a stressful time. It might do you good to make the effort and go. It's up to you, of course, but enjoy the evening whatever you do.
 A long but necessary phone call from a close friend or love partner could come at work today, Virgo. Matters of immediate concern need resolution. You might be uneasy about taking company time, and could even attract some unsettling attention, but you need to have this conversation now. It probably won't have any long
 If it's true that you reap what you sow, Virgo, you're in for a great harvest in the coming months. Your hard work and focus will start to pay off handsomely with promotions and raises just when you may have given up on being acknowledged for all you do. Hang on to your great energy, passion, and enthusiasm. Doors are about to open for you. Get ready to walk through them.
 Too much rigorous exercise over the past few days might have you feeling a little sore and tired, Virgo. Your nerves may be on edge, and you could be more likely than usual to snap at those around you. Try to ease both nerves and muscle aches by soaking in a hot bath. Herbal tea might also help. Accept that you should take it easy today and then do it!
 Communication involving romance could come unexpectedly today, Virgo. You may get a loving message from a romantic partner, or you could hear of a wedding to take place in your circle of friends. You could also read a love poem or romance novel, or write something along the same lines yourself! Someone might also express affection to you. Don't be surprised. You deserve it!
 You have lots of energy at your disposal today, Virgo, but it's erratic and powerful. You have the stamina to make major changes, and the opportunity to break free from any restrictions that hold you back. Embrace the new, fresh aspects of your life that ring true to your freedom
 A rush of physical energy may hit you this morning, Virgo, and you could feel like you have no outlet for it. But a sibling or neighbor may need some help, so you'll definitely be able to put that energy to work. It should be a good day for everyone. Your friend will receive some valuable help with an important matter, and you'll be able to make use of all that vigor.
 Romance and creativity are the driving forces in your life today, Virgo. You might find that feelings for a special person provide lots of inspiration for creative projects. Your creative energy makes you that much more attractive to the one you love most. This could prove to be an emotionally and aesthetically satisfying day. Make the most of it!
 Happiness reigns as you and your household embark on one or more projects that could make your home more cheerful, Virgo. Warm and companionable conversations involve sharing interesting information and bring you closer. Visitors could come by and other people could call with interesting news. This is a good day to throw an impromptu party. Enjoy your day!
 Give people the benefit of the doubt, Virgo. Don't be so hasty in your actions, and take the time to think things through. You have a special connection with your feelings today that can aid in clearing some of the fog in your thinking. Your sensitivity to others is remarkably strong. People will be particularly drawn to this side of you, especially tonight.
 Bask in the sunshine of today, Virgo. Focus on the positive aspects of your life and work to expand these energies. There's a great deal of opportunity open at this time. The key to taking advantage of this is to stay close to the things that truly bring you the most happiness. The details will work themselves out with almost no effort. Have faith that you'll succeed and you will.
 Have you been thinking about relocating, Virgo? The siren song of distant states or exotic lands may play constantly in your ears. Foreign cultures could inspire you artistically, spiritually, and personally. This is actually a time when few things are out of your reach. If you're serious about this, look into it. You can decide once you have all the facts.
 Today you might have a strange feeling that something is wrong, perhaps in the neighborhood or with a friend or relative. This is probably going to bother you all day, Virgo, so it might be a good idea to call this person or otherwise look into the matter. There's probably nothing really wrong, but someone close to you may have just experienced a shock of some kind.
 Communication with close friends and a romantic partner should be especially beneficial today, Virgo, since you're feeling more in touch with those close to you. Children could also be a source of joy today. Your creativity and inspiration are strong, so this is a great day to start new projects. Your enthusiasm and optimism should propel you to new achievements. Enjoy!
 The glass may look half empty, but only at first glance. Keep looking at it, or perhaps change the way you look at it, and you'll see that it indeed is half full. You may be experiencing some frustration. Computers could be down or communication hindered in some way. Don't get stressed. See this as an ideal time to relax since you can't get any work done anyway.
