





                    Kourtney Kardashian Is "Getting Serious" with Younes Bendjima
                







Sorry, Scott Disick! 

 MORE >>





Kourtney Kardashian is taking the plunge with her new man!

Just a day after she was spotted attending church with Younes Bendjima, 38-year-old reality star enjoyed a sexy fun night out at new West Hollywood hotspot, Poppy. Clad in a cleavage-baring LBD and matching black booties, the mom-of-three hit up the nightclub with her young beau in tow as they partied late night the night.
An onlooker told Celebuzz the couple held court in their own private VIP booth before Kendall Jenner, who was dining at sister lounge Delilah nearby, joined them inside Gucci-inspired club.





CREDIT: BACKGRID


“It was Kourtney’s night to let loose,” our insider dished. “She just wants to have fun with Younes right now.”
Other celebrities spotted checking out the newly opened bar that night included Adam Lambert, Johnny Galecki, Madison Beer, Gigi Gorgeous, and director Len Wiseman.
According to The Hollywood Reporter, the space is expected to attract A-listers like Gwyneth Paltrow, Justin Bieber, Kanye West, Kate Hudson, and Drake in the coming months. Katy Perry — a longtime patron of h.wood Group’s establishments around town — has already rented out the place for her VMAs after-party this weekend.


kourtney kardashian and more star sightings of the day








































17 Photos »









                    Kim Kardashian Is "So Over" Taylor Swift
                







The reality star really just wants to stop talking about her. 

 MORE >>





Taylor Swift’s digs at Kanye West go further than just her scathing lyrics.

The singer — who recently released “Look What You Made Me Do,” a single that seemingly takes aim at the rapper and his wife, Kim Kardashian — will release her sixth studio album on a date that hits close to her nemesis’ heart. As fans have pointed out, November 10 holds a significant meaning in the Kardashian-West family as it marks the anniversary of the death of Kanye’s mother.
Via Wet Paint:
While this could be just a coincidence, it’s hard for fans to overlook, considering how hard the rapper took his mother’s passing.
After all, he was raised by her as a single mother and the two were quite close. In fact, just last year, he had a breakdown that coincided with the death anniversary.
Find out why that date was specifically chosen over at Wet Paint…







                    Kim Kardashian Is "So Over" Taylor Swift
                







The reality star really just wants to stop talking about her. 

 MORE >>





Though many are waiting with bated breath for the release of Taylor Swift’s highly-anticipated sixth album, there’s one person who isn’t too thrilled with her Reputation.

Kim Kardashian is said to be afraid of what the “Bad Blood” singer will drag out on her new record given their tumultuous history. After all, it seems Tay is trying to reclaim that “snake” image she’s been slapped with since her beef over Kanye West’s infamous lyrics in “Famous”
Via Wet Paint:
“One of the few people out there that is not very excited for Taylor Swift’s upcoming music is Kim Kardashian,” a source revealed.
“She feels that she will be attacked along with Kanye in a future song over their past differences and she doesn’t want to deal with the fallout of a Taylor Swift song and what that does to people.”
Find out what Km plans to do to overshadow her nemesis over at Wet Paint…
 

