





                    Kim Kardashian Is "So Over" Taylor Swift
                







The reality star really just wants to stop talking about her. 

 MORE >>





Kim Kardashian and Kanye West think Taylor Swift is playing the victim card again — and they’re totally over it.

Though the Kimye name have been plastered on every tabloid headline out there since the release of the “Look What You Made Do” music video, which takes aim at the couple and alludes to them as being a pair of backstabbers, sources close to the parents-of-two claim Taylor is actually the instigator in this situation and only reigniting the feud as a way to sell records.
Via TMZ:
Our Kim and Kanye sources say their well-publicized feud — triggered by Kanye’s song “Famous” in which he referenced Taylor with the lyric, “I made that b*tch famous” — is old and buried.
As for Kanye, our sources say there are certain feuds he deeply cares about … like the one in which he’s embroiled with Jay-Z and Tidal. As one well-connected source put it, “They’re like brothers who fight but feel bad about it and always end up coming together.” Taylor, on the other hand, isn’t even on his radar.
Find out how Kim feels about Taylor now over at TMZ…







                    The VMAs Most Outrageous Fashions Through the Years
                







What were they thinking?!

 MORE >>










                    Every Video of the Year Winner in MTV VMAs History
                







Iconic. 

 MORE >>





While not everyone can walk away with a winner at Sunday’s 2017 MTV Video Music Awards, A-list guests like do get to take home one pricey and expensive swag bag for simply for showing up. To celebrate this year’s VMAs, we’re giving you — yes, you — the chance to win the very same gift bag given to Katy Perry, Taylor Swift, Miley Cyrus, and Kendrick Lamar and others!

With a whopping retail value of $3,317, the bag — courtesy of Courtesy of Backstage Creations —includes goodies such as a relaxing retreat in the Caribbean and award-winning headphones for your flight to your tropical vacation.
 
HOW TO ENTER
1) Leave a comment on this post telling us which 2017 MTV Video Music Awards nominee(s) you’re rooting for.
2) When leaving your comment, make sure you are logged in using a valid email address! We will contact the winner via email.
3) You may leave multiple comments. We will choose the winning comment at random.
4) You must live in the continental United States in order to enter.
5) Contest will close on Monday, September 4, 2017 at midnight PST.
6) Please read the complete contest rules here.
 
WHAT YOU COULD WIN

1MORE Headphones — Award-winning headphones meticulously designed for sound quality and style.
Beautyrest Sleeptracker Monitor and Pillows — The new Beautyrest Sleeptracker monitor is a non-invasive, reliable device that monitors the sleep cycle, sleep efficiency, and more of up to two sleepers, while offering personalized, easy-to-implement coaching tips to help you improve along the way. The Beautyrest BlackICETM Memory Foam pillow, available exclusively at Mattress Firm, features revolutionary technology such as Micro Diamond-Infused Memory Foam for a refreshing sleep experience.
Cole Haan — The perfect go-to tote, crafted in sleek pebble leather. Its classic carryall styling transcends every season and spacious interior will easily accommodate all your important items.
Cross Townsend Black Laquer/23kt Gold Plated Ballpoint Pen – The Cross Townsend Pen embodies classic American elegance. No wonder it’s the pen of choice for several American presidents.
Den of Thieves/Pair of Thieves — Assorted items from Den of Thieves, proud producers of the MTV Video Music Awards, in collaboration with Pair of Thieves, designers of (un-basic) basics that blend bold designs with high performance.
Dry Creek Vineyard — The 2013 VIP Selection 5-Barrel Cuvée Cabernet Sauvignon is a limited production bottling that represents the very finest of artisanal winemaking at Dry Creek Vineyard in Sonoma County, California. Winemaker Tim Bell selects the best lots of the vintage to craft this exquisite cuvee, produced exclusively for VIPs of our family winery. Prize includes a blanket and no alcohol.
GODIVA — The Patisserie Dessert Truffles 12 piece Gift Box is inspired by the most exquisite desserts from fine restaurants and patisseries around the world. Tasting these delicious truffles together promises an evening of good, old-fashioned family fun as the box includes these key pieces: Tiramisu, Red Velvet Cake, Creme Brulee, Caramel Apple Tarte.
Invitation Consultants — Ten custom VMA Note Cards with matching envelopes.
Katy Perry’s INDI — Katy Perry’s INDI is a one of a kind seductive musk fragrance that elevates the senses.
MCM — Baseball caps crafted in Visetos monogram made from coated canvas, trimmed in cowhide and backed by breathable mesh. Or a black two fold wallet on a chain crafted in Visetos printed coated canvas, complete with a laurel-engraved case latch and a zippered pocket.
Paradise Beach Resort, Nevis — Paradise Beach Resort in Nevis is offering one night stay for the winner on this beautiful Caribbean island that is just 36 miles around and is the birthplace of Alexander Hamilton. The volcanic island is also home to a number of beautiful beaches and hot springs and the resort has seven private villas where guests have access to in villa spa treatments and a private chef.
Piloti — Piloti driving shoes are sleek and stylish, featuring finely quilted leather, a subtly curved heel for driving comfort, and signature tire tread sole. Piloti footwear offers luxury, comfort and versatility for everyday wear. Prize includes a certificate for a polo shirt.
Robert Graham – Martini shakers with Robert Graham signature color splash pouch.
STATE Optical Co. — STATE Optical Co. sunglasses are meticulously handcrafted in Chicago for people who consider how their frame is made with as much mindfulness as how it looks. See the making of a STATE frame first hand at their Chicago factory and meet the craftsmen behind all 75-plus steps of the process.
Timberland — Consumers can choose from a selection of classic Timberland boot silhouettes and create a custom design for truly a one-of-a-kind look, from collar to sole.

 
Items in photo subject to change based on availability, while some colors and styles may vary.
The 2017 MTV Video Music Awards air this Sunday, August 27, at 9 p.m. ET/PT.
Remember, all you need to do to enter is leave a comment(s) below telling us who you’re rooting for on Sunday. Best of luck to everyone!


Katy Perry's 10 Most iconic VMA Moments








































10 Photos »









                    Kim Kardashian Is "So Over" Taylor Swift
                







The reality star really just wants to stop talking about her. 

 MORE >>





Taylor Swift’s digs at Kanye West go further than just her scathing lyrics.

The singer — who recently released “Look What You Made Me Do,” a single that seemingly takes aim at the rapper and his wife, Kim Kardashian — will release her sixth studio album on a date that hits close to her nemesis’ heart. As fans have pointed out, November 10 holds a significant meaning in the Kardashian-West family as it marks the anniversary of the death of Kanye’s mother.
Via Wet Paint:
While this could be just a coincidence, it’s hard for fans to overlook, considering how hard the rapper took his mother’s passing.
After all, he was raised by her as a single mother and the two were quite close. In fact, just last year, he had a breakdown that coincided with the death anniversary.
Find out why that date was specifically chosen over at Wet Paint…







                    Kim Kardashian Is "So Over" Taylor Swift
                







The reality star really just wants to stop talking about her. 

 MORE >>





Though many are waiting with bated breath for the release of Taylor Swift’s highly-anticipated sixth album, there’s one person who isn’t too thrilled with her Reputation.

Kim Kardashian is said to be afraid of what the “Bad Blood” singer will drag out on her new record given their tumultuous history. After all, it seems Tay is trying to reclaim that “snake” image she’s been slapped with since her beef over Kanye West’s infamous lyrics in “Famous”
Via Wet Paint:
“One of the few people out there that is not very excited for Taylor Swift’s upcoming music is Kim Kardashian,” a source revealed.
“She feels that she will be attacked along with Kanye in a future song over their past differences and she doesn’t want to deal with the fallout of a Taylor Swift song and what that does to people.”
Find out what Km plans to do to overshadow her nemesis over at Wet Paint…
 

