





                    Kim Kardashian Is "So Over" Taylor Swift
                







The reality star really just wants to stop talking about her. 

 MORE >>





Taylor Swift’s digs at Kanye West go further than just her scathing lyrics.

The singer — who recently released “Look What You Made Me Do,” a single that seemingly takes aim at the rapper and his wife, Kim Kardashian — will release her sixth studio album on a date that hits close to her nemesis’ heart. As fans have pointed out, November 10 holds a significant meaning in the Kardashian-West family as it marks the anniversary of the death of Kanye’s mother.
Via Wet Paint:
While this could be just a coincidence, it’s hard for fans to overlook, considering how hard the rapper took his mother’s passing.
After all, he was raised by her as a single mother and the two were quite close. In fact, just last year, he had a breakdown that coincided with the death anniversary.
Find out why that date was specifically chosen over at Wet Paint…







                    Kim Kardashian Is "So Over" Taylor Swift
                







The reality star really just wants to stop talking about her. 

 MORE >>





Though many are waiting with bated breath for the release of Taylor Swift’s highly-anticipated sixth album, there’s one person who isn’t too thrilled with her Reputation.

Kim Kardashian is said to be afraid of what the “Bad Blood” singer will drag out on her new record given their tumultuous history. After all, it seems Tay is trying to reclaim that “snake” image she’s been slapped with since her beef over Kanye West’s infamous lyrics in “Famous”
Via Wet Paint:
“One of the few people out there that is not very excited for Taylor Swift’s upcoming music is Kim Kardashian,” a source revealed.
“She feels that she will be attacked along with Kanye in a future song over their past differences and she doesn’t want to deal with the fallout of a Taylor Swift song and what that does to people.”
Find out what Km plans to do to overshadow her nemesis over at Wet Paint…
 







                    Kourtney Kardashian Is "Getting Serious" with Younes Bendjima
                







Sorry, Scott Disick! 

 MORE >>





Scott Disick is over the Kardashians!

The reality star, who shares three children with Kourtney Kardashian, looks to have severed ties from his ex-girlfriend and her famous family. Aside from unfollowing his baby mama on Instagram, the 34-year-old has also removed Kourt’s sisters — Kim, Khloé, Kendall and Kylie — as well as Kris Jenner off his feed.


kourtney kardashian and more star sightings of the day








































24 Photos »


Lord Disick noticably scrubbed his friends’ list clean of the Kardashians after Kourtney posted a bunch of photos from her vacation with new boyfriend Younes Bedjima.
“Scott is having a tough time and is really struggling with watching Kourtney fall for a young guy like Younes,” an insider told HollywoodLife. “Scott can’t stand watching the mother of his kids chase Younes all over the world. Scott unfollowed Kourtney’s Instagram account a while ago and is trying to avoid social media because it is too upsetting for him to see pictures of Kourt in a bikini with some other guy. This is the first real boyfriend Scott has ever seen Kourtney with and it’s driving him crazy. He wants nothing to do with it.”



A post shared by Kourtney Kardashian (@kourtneykardash) on Aug 15, 2017 at 4:56pm PDT



As reported, Kourtney jetted off to Egypt with Younes, 24, earlier this month for getaway to someplace she’s never been before. In photos shared online, the two were seen riding camels, hitting the beach, and canoodling by the Great Pyramid of Giza during the trip.
As of press time, Scott is still following his ex and her family on Twitter. Kourtney has yet to remove Scott from her Instagram.



A post shared by Kourtney Kardashian (@kourtneykardash) on Aug 17, 2017 at 7:48pm PDT










                    Kendall Jenner's Favorite Beauty Products 
                







Even supermodels shop at the drugstore. 

 MORE >>










                    Find Out Kendall Jenner's DIY Beauty Tip for Acne-Free Skin
                







No zits here!

 MORE >>





While her sisters takes hours to get ready, Kendall Jenner’s beauty regimen is all about saving time.

The busy AF model recently broke down her blink-and-you’ll-miss makeup routine for Vogue. Going bare-faced for the camera, the 21-year-old walked fans through her super simple — and totally quick and easy — way of beating her face.
“I’ve done my makeup in cars, in porta-potties — I’m not kidding,” she revealed.
Though Kim Kardashian is known for using over $1,200 worth of products on her famous face, Kendall swears by just six things: foundation, concealer, bronzer, brow pencil, mascara, lipstick, and gloss. The Keeping Up with the Kardashians star first applies a thin layer of Estée Lauder Double Wear Nude Foundation all over her face with a brush, before covering up blemishes with the brand’s Double Wear Stay-in-Place Flawless Wear Concealer.
For her brows, she only fills them in using Estée Lauder’s Brow Multi-Tasker and brushes them up with a spoolie. “When I was, like, 14, having thin eyebrows was the cool thing, so I literally plucked them all off,” she explains. “My sisters yelled at me and threw out all the tweezers in the house. I’ve never touched them myself ever since.”


kendall jenner and more star sightings of the day








































12 Photos »


Then comes her favorite part of her morning routine: Bronzer. Her trick is to pinch the bristles of her brush for a more concentrated coverage when applying powder. She also gives the product a double-duty use by using it on her lids as shadow.
For mascara, she says, “I don’t do a ton and I’ll do it mainly at the root.”
To cap off her look, Kendall finishes her pout with a light layer of lipstick and gloss. If she doesn’t have her makeup essentials with on hand, she’ll use a lip balm or — if worse comes to worse — “grilled cheese oil.” (Sorry, no Kylie Jenner lip kits here!)
“I don’t fully put lipstick on,” she says. “I take it and then dab it just to enhance my own color.”
Watch her full makeup tutorial — below!












                    Khloé Kardashian and Tristan Thompson Have Hit Yet Another Relationship Milestone
                







They're the real deal! 

 MORE >>





Khloé Kardashian may not have an engagement ring yet, but she sure is getting a lot of diamonds from boyfriend Tristan Thompson!

The 33-year-old reality star, who was spotted filming more scenes for Keeping Up with the Kardashians Friday, recently took to social media to share the blinged out gift she received from her beau. Sharing multiple videos of the blinding bauble on Snapchat, the Revenge Body host gushed, “Look at my Armenian crest that my baby made for me.”
The gold chain featured the official coat of arms of Armenia medallion encrusted diamonds. Khloé accessorized the chain with a more delicate necklace — also studded with jewels — reading “Double T,” a shout-out to her boyfriend’s initials.
“I love it,” she cooed. “Let’s go, Armenia.”



A post shared by Khloe Kardashian Snapchats❕ (@khloesnapchats) on Aug 16, 2017 at 4:09pm PDT



In 2015, Khloé and Kim Kardashian journeyed to Armenia to get in touch with their roots, meeting with the country’s Prime Minister while learning about their paternal family’s homeland. Since the trip, the girls have been very vocal about recognizing the Armenian Genocide.
“I am proud to be an Armenian!!!” wrote earlier this year on the 102-year anniversary of the tragedy. “It is our duty to not be silent whenever and wherever human beings endure suffering and humiliation no matter their race or creed. Silence encourages the tormentor, never the tormented. It saddens me that history books don’t acknowledge such torture but my voice will be used to bring awareness to my people for being survivors!!!”


khloe kardashian and more star sightings of the day








































13 Photos »



