
Look what you made her do.While fans' reactions to Taylor Swift 's new song and music video may be mixed, they still broke major records."Look What You Made Me Do," the angst-filled new single from her upcoming album Reputation, has been downloaded (legally) more than 184,000 times, and is No. 1 on iTunes, Variety reported Saturday.In addition, Swift has set the new global first day streaming record for Spotify with over 8 million streams for "Look What You Made Me Do," a rep for the company told the outlet.

After keeping out of the spotlight for months and after a social media post purge, Swift returned online last week to announce her music comeback. Her new album, her first in three years, will be released in November.A teaser from the "Look What You Made Me Do" music video was released Friday. Many critics have compared a key scene from it to one from Beyoncé's 2016 hit video "Formation." Swift's music video director, Joseph Kahn, took to Twitter to address the comparisons.The full video for "Look What You Made Me Do" is set to premiere Sunday night during the 2017 MTV VMAs.


A teaser from the "Look What You Made Me Do" music video was released last week and many critics have compared a key scene from it to one from Beyoncé's 2016 hit video "Formation." Swift's music video director, Joseph Kahn, took addressed the comparisons on Twitter.Swift's social accounts also included a photo of the album's cover art, which features her in black and white amid a backdrop of newspaper headlines and text bearing her name. The singer has made plenty of headlines, mainly due to her personal life, over the past couple of years.Swift's social media comeback was preceded by three videos that made up a snake, an animal many of her critics have associated with her, released consecutively over three days. In the "Look at What You Made Me Do" video, the singer wears silver snake rings.

A source had told E! News in May that Swift "has been writing and recording her new album in Nashville for the last several months" and "is really excited about her new music and can't wait to share it with her fans.""She has been entirely focused on that and not much else," the insider added. "She has been 100 percent dedicated to making music the last few months and that's it."


Swift is a longtime fan of Rhimes' series, especially Grey's Anatomy. She has even befriended Ellen Pompeo and even named one of her cats after the actress' character, Dr. Meredith Grey.Grey's Anatomy's two-hour premiere begins at 8 p.m. on Sept. 28, followed by the return of How to Get Away With Murder at 10 p.m. Scandal's seventh and final season premieres Oct. 5.Swift, meanwhile, is gearing up for the Nov. 10 release of Reputation, her sixth studio album. She wrote the album's lead single with music producer Jack Antonoff, as well as Fred Fairbrass, Richard Fairbrass and Rob Manzoli. According to iTunes, Reputation will include 15 new tracks.

For those who can't wait until November, never fear. Fans will get their first look at select images from the "Look What You Made Me Do" music video on Good Morning America Friday.


Lemonade?Pleassssse.As soon asTaylor Swift  announced her music comeback Wednesday, many people drew comparisons to the hype and impact of Beyoncé's 2016 mega hit visual album Lemonade. And moments after a teaser from her new music video "Look What You Made Me Do" was released Friday, some immediately compared a key scene, showing her wearing a black leotard and fishnet stockings while performing with male backup dancers, to one from Beyoncé's video "Formation," included in Lemonade."Look What You Made Me Do" director Joseph Kahn is not having it."I've worked with Beyoncé a few times," he tweeted Friday night. "She's an amazing person. The #LWYMMDvideo is not in her art space. Love and respect to Bey.""Also there's something to that 'formation' shot I painted out and you haven't seen yet. Stay tuned Sunday :) #LWYMMDvideo #SneakyAsian," Kahn added.He wrote hours earlier, "Before video release: Kahn copying Lemonade. After video release: Kahn copying obscure K Pop video made in North Korean prison in 2006."

The video for "Look What You Made Me Do" is set to be released Sunday during the 2017 MTV VMAs. The single is Swift's edgiest single yet, incorporating an electro-pop sound and themes of power and betrayal.Many speculate it is about Kanye West. A feud between them began in 2009 after he famously interrupted her VMAs acceptance speech to declare that her award for Best Female Video should have gone to, yep, Beyoncé. They later reconciled, but renewed their beef in 2016 after he released the song "Famous," which contains the lyrics, "I feel like me and Taylor might still have sex / Why? I made that bitch famous."In the teaser for the video, Swift is seen biting on diamond jewelry in anger while wearing multiple rings, including snake-shaped ones. Her critics have often branded her a snake and she used a video of one to tease her announcement about her new single as well as her new album Reputation, which will be released in November.Kahn, who directed four of Swift's past music videos from her 1989 album—"Blank Space," "Bad Blood" "Wildest Dreams" and "Out of the Woods," also defended Swift on Twitter Friday."A young self made woman works hard with talent and intelligence while staying grounded and polite to everyone," he wrote. "Scandalous."Kahn later talked about the making of the "Look What You Made Me Do" video as the finishing touches were put on it."We started concepting and prepping it in January," he tweeted Saturday morning. "Shot in May. Post production until tomorrow morning. You see it Sssssssunday."

Kahn also teased more surprises.

"Only 5 shots in the video have been released," he wrote. "You know nothing Jon Snow. :)"


If Taylor Swift 's "Look What You Made Me Do" already has you bopping and dancing along, then you're surely having a difficult time waiting for her to drop the music video.Fortunately, the wait won't be so long as the 27-year-old singer announced she'll release the video at the 2017 MTV Video Music Awards on Sunday—because we wouldn't expect anything less, right?Swift has a history of making iconic moments happen at the VMAs. In fact, when she performed at the show for the very first time in 2009, she didn't take the stage...she performed on a moving subway!

That also happened to be the year she won Best Female Video for "You Belong With Me"—the moment that was infamously interrupted by Kanye West.From that point on, all of her VMA appearances—from surprise performances to headline-making speeches—have been nothing short of exciting.

Check 'em all out by launching the video above, and make sure to stay tuned on E! News for all the breaking news during the 2017 MTV VMAs!


Taylor Swift wants to let you show how sssssnake-like you can be. Starting at the low price of $60.The singer made a music comeback Friday with the release of "Look What You Made Me Do," an electro-pop single about betrayal and power. She teased it Wednesday, announcing it as the first single from her new album, Reputation, and released it Thursday night.Her comeback was preceded by a purging of her social media accounts and black-out of her website, followed by the postings of a three-part video making up the moving image of a slithering snake. Her critics have often branded her as one. With her new single, Swift sheds her old, lighter pop sound and image.Her website has since returned with details about her new music releases as well as, yep, new merch.

For $60, you can pre-order a platinum-plated silver or 24-kt gold-plated silver adjustable snake ring, each adorned with 300 zircon crystals. Swift herself wears a couple of silver ones in her "Look What You Made Me Do" music video, whose teaser was released Friday.The rings come in a box decorated with an image of her Reputation album cover, which shows her in black and white in front of newspaper headlines, bylines and text all reading "Taylor Swift" over and over again.

There is also a $75 black hooded pullover hoodie with a large snake in the shape of a cursive "T" embroidered on the corner. It also bears the words "Taylor Swift Reputation." As of Friday, only sizes S, M, L and XXL are available to pre-order.

Swift is set to debut her full-length "Look What You Made Me Do" music video Sunday during the 2017 MTV VMAs.


Nobody can predict the future, and these days nobody seems to be able to predict what Taylor Swift  is going to do either. The past year of the singer's life has truly been a riddle wrapped in a mystery, from her marquee breakup to the "Famous" fiasco to her complete and total disappearance from the world's stage, and it's been especially difficult to follow. Yet despite the air of secrecy that surrounds her every private jet flight, social media blackout and possible transportation inside an industrial box, it's time to make some bold claims. Make that a claim wrapped in a suggestion: This Sunday's MTV Video Music Awards are going to be the perfect platform for her resurgence. 

First a look at the evidence. The rumor mill started swirling when it was announced late last month that Katy Perry would be hosting the VMAs. There is certainly no implication that wherever Perry goes, Swift has to follow, but inquiring minds simply had to wonder whether it was all setting the stage for an epic reveal.The so-called feud had been ramping up this summer after a long dormant time—take, for example, the fact that Swift released all of her albums on Spotify right before Perry's new single was set to drop—so it only seems natural to fans (and the Internet at large) that the time is now. 

Taylor has a history of saving her biggest moments for the VMAs. The singer famously skipped last year's edition, but in 2015 she surprised audiences and viewers (and the entire world) by coming out during Nicki Minaj's performance. The two instantly squashed all the previous headlines over their rumored beef and the joint performance was the biggest moment of the night.Taylor also presented her frenemy Kanye Westwith the Video Vanguard award, allowing her to make light of the "I'ma let you finish" fiasco and come out the bigger person. In 2014 the singer appeared at the VMAs fresh off the announcement of her marquee album 1989 and performed "Shake It Off" for the adoring crowds. 

The events of this past week have only bolstered this pattern and led to so much speculation. In perhaps the biggest musical news of the summer (the year?), the artist wiped all of her social media accounts, started off her clean slate with a cryptic video of a slithering snake, and then announced a brand new single to drop this morning right on the heels of Sunday's big show, as well as an album, "Reputation," due out this fall.Now sure, it could be a total coincidence. Songs and albums always release on Fridays, and it would make sense that she wouldn't want to wait until next week and have her big news get lost in the Labor Day holiday. But the timing is just too particular. 

On a more logistical level, there is growing speculation from paparazzi agencies that she traveled from her home in Nashville to Los Angeles. The singer goes back and forth all the time, but again, it just seems too convenient to be a coincidence. So what exactly is going to go down on Sunday night? Our vote is for a little something like this: Perry introduces Swift, who is on hand to present an award. Her introduction includes a subtle peace offering and an acknowledgement that they've decided to put their bad blood behind them. Taylor then presents the award, graciously waits out the winner's acceptance speech, and then the stadium goes dark as the video for the new single debuts on a big screen. 

Is it exactly what fans want? Probably not. Fans are calling for a joint performance between Katy and Taylor, akin to what Nicki did two years ago. But that seems unlikely, both based on source information and also because it's highly unlikely that any artist could prepare a performance of a brand new single that quickly. Taylor has been away from music and performing in general for a long time, so she's going to want it to be perfect. But our imaginary scenario could be pretty great, too. Any appearance at the VMAs is a good move for Taylor, both because it's guaranteed to drum up buzz and also because it allows her to take even further steps towards reclaiming (or covering up) the memory of the Kanye West debacle in 2009. It's also the perfect way to bury the hatchet with Perry without being overly cheesy or having to fake a sentiment that just isn't there between the two singers. So what are we supposed to do until then? We put Spotify on repeat, of course. 


New album, who dis? Taylor Swift  is coming for...who exactly? The singer finally dropped the first single off of her upcoming sixth studio album Reputation, and fans are decidedly torn on whether they love or hate it. The new song is called "Look What You Made Me Do" and introduces a whole new Taylor to the world, but not everyone is loving the change. There are a lot of secret messages hidden in the song and no one is quite sure who Taylor is calling out or who made her do what. Could it be Katy Perry or Kanye West? "I don't like your tilted stage," Taylor sings, which could be a pretty clear shot at the stage Kanye used for his Saint Pablo tour.Hmm...obviously Taylor's not commenting, buuut there are a few other reasons to believe she's throwing some major shade. 

Reputation is due out on November 10, which is the the 10-year anniversary of Kanye's mom's death. Taylor's camp has denied any correlation, but it is a pretty crazy coincidence. No matter who she's referring to, "Look What You Made Me Do" is the first of many diss tracks to come, and we're so here for it! Plus, Taylor is dropping the "Look What You Made Me Do" video at the MTV Video Music Awards Sunday, August 27. From the looks of the 15-second teaser that she previewed on her Instagram, it's going to be a whole new Taylor. 

Get all the latest Reputation info in the video above!


Watch Daily Pop at noon for more on Swift's return to the spotlight.

For exclusive red carpet interviews, tune in to E! News tonight at 7 and 11, only on E!


Taylor Swift  has announced her upcoming album, Reputation, and dropped her new single, "Look What You Made Me Do," and thus, fans are going crazy because that means another big bit of news is likely on the horizon...A tour!Though the 27-year-old singer hasn't announced any specific dates just yet, she has set up a new initiative for buying tickets, which can only mean that news is coming soon."Taylor Swift Tix" is a program in conjunction with Ticketmaster that's dedicated to making sure "verified fans" have access to tickets over bots and scalpers.

The initiative will allow fans to pre-register to buy tickets, giving them a better shot at actually getting their hands on a pair before the shows sell out.This, of course, bodes the question: How—aside from your Apple Music library full of all her music, a room plastered in her posters, receipts from all her concerts and her Reputation album cover set as the wallpaper on your computer—do you become a legit "verified" fan and take advantage of this opportunity? 

Registration on Taylor Swift Tix is open until November 28, but as is expected with anything revolving around Swift and her fans, the website has already been inundated with a massive user response.

