
He's a prankster, that Ryan Reynolds.The 40-year-old Deadpool star playfully trolled wife Blake Lively on her 30th birthday Friday, posting a throwback photo of one of their most prominent red carpet moments together while largely cropping her out of the picture."Happy Birthday to my amazing wife," the actor, known for his acerbic sense of humor, wrote on Instagram.The photo shows them posing on the red carpet at the 2014 Met Gala, with the actress sporting a sparkling blush Gucci gown and the actor wearing a black tux by the designer.See more cute pics of the couple over the years.

Reynolds and the Gossip Girl alum met on the set of Green Lantern in 2010 and stepped out together the following year. They wed in 2012 and made their red carpet debut in 2013.The two are parents to two daughters—James, 2, and Ines, who is almost 1.

"We were friends for two years before we were ever dating. And I treat him like my girlfriend," Lively joked to Glamour recently. "I'm like, 'Hey, this happened. It upset me. This is how I feel. What do I do?' And he does the same for me. He treats me like his best buddy.""We don't work at the same time," she added. "I admire people who find that what fulfills them is their art or their work, but what fulfills both me and my husband is our family. Knowing that, everything else comes second."


Filming for the upcoming Deadpool sequel took a devastating turn this week after a stuntwoman passed away on set.E! News can confirm a female stunt driver has died on the movie set during a motorcycle stunt. While details are limited, Vancouver Police Department officers are at the scene of the accident along with five officers from WorkSafeBC. The name of the stunt driver has yet to be released. Reporters on the scene, however, are sharing photos of the area closed down by authorities."Today, we tragically lost a member of our crew while filming Deadpool. We're heartbroken, shocked and devastated…but recognize nothing can come close to the grief and inexplicable pain her family and loved ones must feel in this moment," Ryan Reynolds shared on Twitter. "My heart pours out to them—along with each and every person she touched in this world.""We are deeply saddened by the accident that occurred on the set of Deadpool 2 this morning," a spokesperson for 20th Century Fox added in a separate statement to E! News. "Our hearts and prayers are with the family, friends and colleagues of our crew member during this difficult time."

Just last month, The Walking Dead experienced a tragedy of their own when stuntman John Bernecker died after a fall on set. The cast would later pay tribute to him during their appearance at San Diego's Comic-Con.As for Deadpool's sequel, Ryan confirmed to fans on social media back in the end of June that filming had begun on the buzzworthy project."The sun sets on day 1. Feels good to be back. This dog can hunt," the actor shared with his followers as David Leitch took on the director's chair.

Since then, the actor has made fans' dreams come true from the set while also giving thanks to his new neighbors who have been more than helpful while filming."With great power, comes great... inconvenience. Huge shout-out to the incredibly hard working #VPD," he recently shared on Instagram. "And I'd like to especially thank the great people of Vancouver for putting up with road closures and traffic delays as we film Spider-Man downtown. #YVR #GreatCops."Deadpool 2 is tentatively scheduled to hit theatres everywhere on June 1, 2018.

