
These women are ride or die!By now you know that Jordyn Woods is Kylie Jenner's BFF and it may seem like it's all fun and games, but these two have been through a lot together. In this week's episode of Life of Kylie, Jordyn opened up about the tragic passing of her father and how Kylie has been her rock."I'm just really proud of her because she's been through a lot of emotions I feel like since her dad passed," Kylie shared. "It's hard, she's figuring out how to deal with it." Jordyn's father passed away earlier this year from stage four cancer and she hasn't really had the time to process everything, especially with her fast-paced lifestyle."Somehow we managed to fly to Boston, go to a concert, fly back to New York, go to a second concert and then go to our friend's birthday party," Jordyn revealed. "I really just wanted to chill and I wanted to take time for myself and shop around and be in New York. It's just, it's very distracting."

Kylie, however, was having the absolute time of her life. Not only does she have the hottest ticket in the world as Donatella Versace's guest at the Met Gala, but she hinted at maybe having a new relationship too. "I've had more fun this month than I have in years...I really am happy," Kylie explained. While one relationship was heating up, it seemed like another was coming to an end. Well, at least for the week. Jordyn had a plane to catch and couldn't stay for all the Met Gala fun. "Our relationship is not that serious right now because you're seeing other people, so I think you'll survive," she told a bummed out Kylie. The show must go on! 

While Kylie's away at the biggest fashion event of the year, Jordyn finally had some time to reflect. "I am so consumed in someone else's life right now. We both do a lot for each other, but I've just been going through so many things in my own life," Jordyn said. "At what point does it get to where you start living for yourself?"Watch what went down in this week's episode recap above! 


Think you've seen every inch of Kylie Jenner? Think again. E! News has an exclusive sneak peek at V Magazine issue 109, which stars the social media sensation and makeup mogul in her first-ever, completely nude photo spread. In the mag (hitting newsstands Aug. 31), 19-year-old Kylie wears a number of colorful sheer ensembles that expose every inch of her famous curves, including her nipples and backside. "That was actually my first super nude shoot," Jenner recalled to V. "I always post sexy pictures, but have never really gone nude."The Life of Kylie star brings the heat as she poses seductively under a spotlight, looking over her shoulder and arching her back. As for Kylie's glam, she opted for platinum blond waves and silver metallic eyeshadow. Va-va-voom, much?!

Kylie also described how she's grown accustomed to so many people keeping up with her famous family's lives for 10 years now."I don't know what it's like to not be in the spotlight," she shared. "That's normal to me. There's nothing you can do about it. There are so many great things about life, I'm just trying to focus on that."

And while fans have seen a remarkably more open and vulnerable side of Kylie on her E! reality series, there's a possibility even more private moments will be shared publicly in the future. "I do have a guy that follows me all the time. I just never show anyone the footage," she explained with a laugh. "Maybe one day."For now, Jenner is still exploring a new lease on life following her split from Tyga. As she described in Sunday's episode of Life of Kylie, "I've had more fun this past month than I have in like years. Like the last three years of my life were just like a blur. I just stayed in the house all day."

She continued, "Now it's like, I feel like I can be more myself. I feel way more free. I'm just like really, genuinely happy right now."And it shows! For more from Kylie, pick up the latest issue of V Magazine. Watch a brand new episode of Life of Kylie Sunday at 9 p.m., only on E!


Do as Donatella says!Fans will remember Kylie Jenner's stunning 2017 Met Gala Versace gown, which the star complimented with a sleek blond bob hairdo. And now fans can see how the whole look actually came together!In this sneak peek from Sunday's Life of Kylie, the 20-year-old is getting glammed up before the gala when her assistant Victoria receives a message. "You guys, I just got a text. ‘Can I ask you what color Kylie's doing her hair? Donatella is asking,'" Victoria reads.Kylie answers, "Say, ‘Does Donatella think she should do blond or black?'"

Kylie echoes, "When Donatella tells you to go blond…""Now if you do dark, you're just playing her," Jordyn adds.

Watch the clip to see the OMG Donatella moment!


Kendall Jenner is living a real life fairy tale. The only twist? She's mainly clad in lingerie.In what is ultimately the most epic garden scene of your dreams (think: The Secret Garden meets a field of peonies that also just so happens to be dripping with orchids), La Perla has really outdone itself for their fall/winter '17 campaign—starring none other than the brand's current muse, you guessed it, Miss Kenny herself.Hit play on the above video for some exclusive behind-the-scenes footage of the magical shoot, then keep scrolling to see the outcome. (Trust us, you're going to want to see every pic.)

The scene starts in a floral jungle with us making direct eye contact with Kendall in an incredibly natural beauty look, she then gets her makeup touched up as we pan over some more stunning peonies, we see her in action—posing like the gorgeous amazon she is—then after a quick chat with a fellow model she leaves us in purple lingerie...in a bath tub. (So if you're like us, that short clip has you wanting more.)Well you're in luck! Not only do we have four of the final campaign shots to show you, but we've also set the tone with sultry market pieces so you can attempt to get the look (you know, until the actual collection's released online tomorrow, August 24).

Va-va-voom!

Okay, but how dreamy was that set?


Kylie Jenner is saying goodbye to summer 2017 with her bestie.The 20-year-old Life of Kylie star and co-star Jordyn Woods posted on Friday on Instagram photos of them posing in colorful swimsuits. Kylie is sporting a red and yellow cutout two-piece, while Jordyn is wearing a red and green one-piece in a similar style."Summers almost over party," Kylie wrote."Oops we didn't see you there," Jordyn said.

Kylie is known for her sexy Instagrams. See more from years past.

Of course, the official last day of summer in the Northern Hemisphere is Sept. 22, and Southern California's summers sometimes to run well into October, a "summer's almost over" party may be premature...but heck, a party's a party!

Watch a brand new episode of Life of Kylie Sunday at 9 p.m., only on E!


Better after breakup!On Sunday's brand new episode of Life of Kylie, Kylie Jenner is newly single and ready to mingle. While getting ready for the 2017 Met Gala in NYC with her glam team, the 20-year-old opens up about feeling like a new person after her breakup with boyfriend of three years Tyga."I've had more fun this past month than I have in like years," Kylie says in this exclusive sneak peek. "Like the last three years of my life were just like a blur. I just stayed in the house all day."




.article_pinterest{background: url('/resources/images/pinterest/pinterest.png');height:51px;width:51px;}
.article_pinterest:hover{cursor:pointer;background:url('/resources/images/pinterest/pinterest_hover.png');height:51px;width:51px;}

 
	var edition = 'us';
	var encodedShareURL = encodeURI('http://www.eonline.com/shows/life_of_kylie/news/874178/kylie-jenner-says-she-s-genuinely-happy-having-more-fun-after-tyga-breakup-i-feel-way-more-free');
	var imgSrc =  encodeURIComponent('http://akns-images.eonline.com/eol_images/Entire_Site/201748/rs_634x1024-170508102822-634.travis-scott-kylie-jenner-3.cm.5817.jpg');
	var articleTitle = encodeURIComponent(jQuery(".entry_container .sub-headline").text());
	var imageTitle = encodeURIComponent("Kylie Jenner, Travis Scott");
	var imageCaption = encodeURIComponent("Kylie Jenner, Travis Scott");

	var titleJoin;
			
	function sharePinterest(){
	   	if (articleTitle.length > 1 && imageTitle.length > 1) {
			if (edition == 'de') {
				titleJoin = '%20%2D%20';
			} else if (edition == 'fr') {
				titleJoin = '%20de%20';
			} else {
				titleJoin = '%20from%20';
			}
		} else {
			titleJoin = "";
		}
		window.open('http://pinterest.com/pin/create/button/?url=' +  encodedShareURL + '&media=' + imgSrc + '&description=' + articleTitle + '%0A%0A' + imageCaption,  '', 'menubar=no,toolbar=no,resizable=yes,scrollbars=yes,height=253,width=750');
	}
	
	jQuery(".article_pinterest").click(function(){
				sharePinterest();
		});
	


INSTARimages.com

"Now it's like, I feel like I can be more myself," Kylie, who's now dating Travis Scott, continued. "I feel way more free. I'm just like really, genuinely happy right now."Meanwhile, Kylie's nerves get rattled when a Versace rep tells Kylie which celebs are sitting at her Met Gala table."Currently you're sitting next to Donatella," the rep says, adding, "On your right's gonna be Ryan Reynolds, Blake Lively, Halle Berry, Matt Damon. We have Celine Dion."

"This is too much pressure!" Kylie says. Watch the clip to see Kylie freak out!


Kylie Jenner's 2017 Met Gala dress could have looked very different!In this preview from Sunday's Life of Kylie, the 20-year old goes to a fitting before the big event to try on two different Versace gowns with her style team. "This is a really cool dress. It's a mermaid cage dress," the Versace rep explains as Kylie models a sizzling, skin-baring first dress. "It took about 350 hours of labor just to make this dress. It's a little bit more on theme for the Met. It's inspired by Comme des Garcons mix of structure and technique, but it still has a very Versace feel because it's very sexy."

Kylie then calls up Tokyo Stylez to get his opinion. "That's cute," Tokyo says via FaceTime. "It's super sexy.""Yeah, it is really sexy," Kylie's assistant Victoria echoes. 

Now on to dress No. 2! "This one has about 7,000 crystals on it," the rep says. "We added the fringe crystals for some drama because it's the Met Gala."As we all know, Kylie ended up hitting the Met Gala red carpet in dress number two. But we could totally see her killing it in either option!

Which dress do you like best?


Kylie Jenner is finally explaining why she broke up with Tyga.On tonight's Life of Kylie, the Lip Kit queen comes clean about calling off their relationship earlier this year."There was absolutely not one thing wrong with me and T. He and I will always, always have a bond," Kylie explains. "There was no crazy fight, we just decided...Well, I decided that I'm really young. I don't want to look back in five years from now and feel like he took something from me when he's really not that type of person."Speaking of Kylie's love life, the 20-year-old also received a super sweet gift from current boyfriend Travis Scott on tonight's episode.

"Did you guys see all my flowers?" Kylie asks the Life of Kylie crew while surrounded by bouquets of roses."It looks like someone is obsessed with you," a producer says. "I hope the person I'm dating's obsessed with me," Kylie says with a big smile. Too cute!Meanwhile, Caitlyn Jenner also stopped by Kylie's house and Kylie explained how their relationship is growing since her dad's transition.

Kylie and Jordyn Woods also had an awkward run-in with Tyga while attending Coachella. So how did Kylie handle the situation?

Watch the recap video to see everything that went down on tonight's Life of Kylie!

