“I look like a boy with long hair,” Willow told Pink while riding to school one morning. While Pink admitted her first instinct was to go beat up the first grader who’d made her daughter feel less-than, instead she went home and created a power point for her daughter.Pink revealed she filled the power point with images of androgynous rock stars and “artists that live their truth and are probably made fun of every day of their life…and inspire the rest of us,” including David Bowie, Prince, and Janis Joplin.Pink then admitted to her daughter that people had made fun of her for the very same reason, but that she isn’t about to change who she is. “They say I look like a boy or I'm too masculine or I have too many opinions, my body is too strong,” Pink said.“Do you see me growing my hair? Do you see me changing my body?” Pink recalled asking her daughter. “No, mama,” she replied. “Do you see me selling out arenas all over the world?” Pink asked, to which her daughter said, “Yes, mama.”“So, baby girl. We don't change. We take the gravel and the shell and we make a pearl. And we help other people to change so they can see more kinds of beauty,” Pink explained.“And to all the artists here, I'm so inspired by all of you…keep shining for the rest of us to see,” Pink finished, before adding to her daughter, “And you, my darling girl, are beautiful, and I love you.”Watch Pink’s full speech here. What do you think of Pink’s speech? Let us know in the comments below!“I look like a boy with long hair,” Willow told Pink while riding to school one morning. While Pink admitted her first instinct was to go beat up the first grader who’d made her daughter feel less-than, instead she went home and created a power point for her daughter.Pink revealed she filled the power point with images of androgynous rock stars and “artists that live their truth and are probably made fun of every day of their life…and inspire the rest of us,” including David Bowie, Prince, and Janis Joplin.Pink then admitted to her daughter that people had made fun of her for the very same reason, but that she isn’t about to change who she is. “They say I look like a boy or I'm too masculine or I have too many opinions, my body is too strong,” Pink said.“Do you see me growing my hair? Do you see me changing my body?” Pink recalled asking her daughter. “No, mama,” she replied. “Do you see me selling out arenas all over the world?” Pink asked, to which her daughter said, “Yes, mama.”“So, baby girl. We don't change. We take the gravel and the shell and we make a pearl. And we help other people to change so they can see more kinds of beauty,” Pink explained.“And to all the artists here, I'm so inspired by all of you…keep shining for the rest of us to see,” Pink finished, before adding to her daughter, “And you, my darling girl, are beautiful, and I love you.”Watch Pink’s full speech here. What do you think of Pink’s speech? Let us know in the comments below!/n