
One possible subject of Taylor's new song is Kanye West. On the track, she sings, “I don’t like your little games / I don’t like your tilted stage.” The rapper used a tilted stage during his Saint Pablo tour. The two have also had problems since 2009, when Kayne interrupted Taylor's acceptance speech at the MTV Video Music Awards to say that "Beyoncé had one of the best videos of all time."

 Toward the end of the song, Taylor says, “I'm sorry, but the old Taylor can’t come to the phone right now / Why? ‘Cause she’s dead.” This makes people think the track might be about Kim Kardashian. The reality TV star leaked a phone call between Kanye and Taylor, where she agrees to let him reference her in his song "Famous," after she said she'd never consented to being in the song. Swift's visuals for this track also include snakes, which is the emoji that flooded her social media accounts after Kim spilled the tea.Some people think this song is a darker follow up to "Bad Blood," about Katy Perry, Taylor's longtime nemesis. The lyric “Locked me out and threw a feast (what?)” sounds like a reference to Katy's single “Bon Appétit." In the video, Katy is served up like a feast.Then there's the idea that the song is about the media's perception of her. “I don’t trust nobody and nobody trusts me," she sings. "I’ll be the actress starring in your bad dreams." The reason she went on such a long hiatus is because she "was feeling overexposed and like things were almost spiraling out of control,” a source told People. “She’s being low-key and secretive [right now] because it makes her happy.”Whoever this new track is about, it's safe to say Taylor really, really doesn't like them. “I don't like your little games," Taylor sings, "the role you made me play, of the fool, no, I don’t like you."

 Who do you think Taylor's new song is about? Sound off in the comments! One possible subject of Taylor's new song is Kanye West. On the track, she sings, “I don’t like your little games / I don’t like your tilted stage.” The rapper used a tilted stage during his Saint Pablo tour. The two have also had problems since 2009, when Kayne interrupted Taylor's acceptance speech at the MTV Video Music Awards to say that "Beyoncé had one of the best videos of all time."

 Toward the end of the song, Taylor says, “I'm sorry, but the old Taylor can’t come to the phone right now / Why? ‘Cause she’s dead.” This makes people think the track might be about Kim Kardashian. The reality TV star leaked a phone call between Kanye and Taylor, where she agrees to let him reference her in his song "Famous," after she said she'd never consented to being in the song. Swift's visuals for this track also include snakes, which is the emoji that flooded her social media accounts after Kim spilled the tea.Some people think this song is a darker follow up to "Bad Blood," about Katy Perry, Taylor's longtime nemesis. The lyric “Locked me out and threw a feast (what?)” sounds like a reference to Katy's single “Bon Appétit." In the video, Katy is served up like a feast.Then there's the idea that the song is about the media's perception of her. “I don’t trust nobody and nobody trusts me," she sings. "I’ll be the actress starring in your bad dreams." The reason she went on such a long hiatus is because she "was feeling overexposed and like things were almost spiraling out of control,” a source told People. “She’s being low-key and secretive [right now] because it makes her happy.”Whoever this new track is about, it's safe to say Taylor really, really doesn't like them. “I don't like your little games," Taylor sings, "the role you made me play, of the fool, no, I don’t like you."

 Who do you think Taylor's new song is about? Sound off in the comments! 
The single is the first from her new album Reputation which is due out November 10th. The clip leaves much to the imagination, as it shows Taylor biting on jewelry and swinging back and forth in a circus type background! The song has already reached number one on the iTunes charts in less than 12 hours of being released.This isn’t the first tease she has done this week, as Taylor shared two cryptic video snippets of what looks like a snake on her social media platforms.  The full video will premiere this Sunday at the 2017 MTV Video Music Awards. What are your thoughts on her new song and teaser?  Sound off in the comments!The single is the first from her new album Reputation which is due out November 10th. The clip leaves much to the imagination, as it shows Taylor biting on jewelry and swinging back and forth in a circus type background! The song has already reached number one on the iTunes charts in less than 12 hours of being released.This isn’t the first tease she has done this week, as Taylor shared two cryptic video snippets of what looks like a snake on her social media platforms.  The full video will premiere this Sunday at the 2017 MTV Video Music Awards. What are your thoughts on her new song and teaser?  Sound off in the comments!
“Why so salty and petty all the damn time, quit playing the victim game and go back to making good music,” one fan tweeted.When fans guessed Taylor was dissing Kanye on the track, one follower wrote, “God she needs to give kanye a rest jheeez.”Other fans were upset with Taylor for dropping her good girl image. “Taylor, this is not you. I am heartbroken by how not good and not you this is. Really really bad and I've been your diehard fan 15 years,” kelseyk1987 said.And some just think it’s time for Taylor to grow up and move on. “If you are just going to be a child the rest of your life that's pathetic. Grow up and be an adult. Your hate music is annoying. #LetItGo,” Mr_T_M_Burridge tweeted.Still, some fans like that Taylor is on the attack. “SHE'S SO ANGRY AND SASSY AND LIVING I AM LIVING FOR THIS,” one passionate fan wrote.Do you think Taylor’s new single is petty af or just the right amount of sass? Let us know in the comments below!“Why so salty and petty all the damn time, quit playing the victim game and go back to making good music,” one fan tweeted.When fans guessed Taylor was dissing Kanye on the track, one follower wrote, “God she needs to give kanye a rest jheeez.”Other fans were upset with Taylor for dropping her good girl image. “Taylor, this is not you. I am heartbroken by how not good and not you this is. Really really bad and I've been your diehard fan 15 years,” kelseyk1987 said.And some just think it’s time for Taylor to grow up and move on. “If you are just going to be a child the rest of your life that's pathetic. Grow up and be an adult. Your hate music is annoying. #LetItGo,” Mr_T_M_Burridge tweeted.Still, some fans like that Taylor is on the attack. “SHE'S SO ANGRY AND SASSY AND LIVING I AM LIVING FOR THIS,” one passionate fan wrote.Do you think Taylor’s new single is petty af or just the right amount of sass? Let us know in the comments below!
