Host Katy Perry kept things quirky and fun during the show, but did throw some subtle shade at nemesis Taylor Swift and “Sorry” singer Justin Bieber!The show aired at the same time as the season finale of Game of Thrones, which Katy referenced many times, particularly when she listed “Ed Sheeran’s friends, dead.”  This may have been in reference to Taylor’s new song “Look What You Made Me Do”, when she says "The old Taylor can’t come to the phone right now…Cause she’s dead.”  Of course, it may not be all that serious, as Katy could’ve been referring to rapper Lil Uzi Vert’s song "XO TOUR Llif3,” which has the lyrics, “All my friends are dead.”  Lil Uzi and Ed performed that song and the latter’s hit “Shape of You” together last night.In regards to Bieber, Katy might have been poking fun at him when he forgot the lines to his number one single “Despacito” during a concert, saying "My baby knows the lyrics to ‘Despacito’ unlike some other babies I know,” addressing DJ Khaled and his son, Asahd. Ooh, the shade!Speaking of Taylor, she had some of the biggest moments of the night last night as she premiered her video for “Look What You Made Me Do” and won Best Collaboration with Zayn for “I Don’t Want To Live Forever”… and she wasn’t even there! While the video is left open to interpretation as to who she is shading, the last minute shows her making fun of herself and her reputation with cloned versions of “The Old Taylor” from the past decade.Maroon 5 frontman Adam Levine took to Twitter to voice his frustrations over singer Julia Michaels' performance of her hit “Issues” being cut short while Lorde got to do her entire song without singing one word.  He wrote "Julia Michaels gets cut off while she’s singing and Lorde gets to NOT sing her whole song.” Lorde did an interpretive dance to her song “Homemade Dynamite” instead of singing due to her having the flu.Bleachers lead singer Jack Antonoff was one of many celebrities in the audience last night who seemed either bored, confused or a combination of both. They showed him casually eating a banana and not looking impressed during Katy’s intro at the VMA’s.He could’ve just been hungry, as girlfriend Lena Dunham tweeted, "My boyfriend just casually eating a banana at the VMAs is a good reminder of why we’ve been at it half a decade.”The most obvious shade from last night came from girl group Fifth Harmony, who had five members on stage before they started performing their new single “Down” until one was thrown off of it!Social media was in a frenzy, as many saw this as a deliberate attack against former member Camila Cabello, who let the group last year and has become a successful solo artist.Which was your favorite shadiest moment from last night?  Sound off in the comments! Host Katy Perry kept things quirky and fun during the show, but did throw some subtle shade at nemesis Taylor Swift and “Sorry” singer Justin Bieber!The show aired at the same time as the season finale of Game of Thrones, which Katy referenced many times, particularly when she listed “Ed Sheeran’s friends, dead.”  This may have been in reference to Taylor’s new song “Look What You Made Me Do”, when she says "The old Taylor can’t come to the phone right now…Cause she’s dead.”  Of course, it may not be all that serious, as Katy could’ve been referring to rapper Lil Uzi Vert’s song "XO TOUR Llif3,” which has the lyrics, “All my friends are dead.”  Lil Uzi and Ed performed that song and the latter’s hit “Shape of You” together last night.In regards to Bieber, Katy might have been poking fun at him when he forgot the lines to his number one single “Despacito” during a concert, saying "My baby knows the lyrics to ‘Despacito’ unlike some other babies I know,” addressing DJ Khaled and his son, Asahd. Ooh, the shade!Speaking of Taylor, she had some of the biggest moments of the night last night as she premiered her video for “Look What You Made Me Do” and won Best Collaboration with Zayn for “I Don’t Want To Live Forever”… and she wasn’t even there! While the video is left open to interpretation as to who she is shading, the last minute shows her making fun of herself and her reputation with cloned versions of “The Old Taylor” from the past decade.Maroon 5 frontman Adam Levine took to Twitter to voice his frustrations over singer Julia Michaels' performance of her hit “Issues” being cut short while Lorde got to do her entire song without singing one word.  He wrote "Julia Michaels gets cut off while she’s singing and Lorde gets to NOT sing her whole song.” Lorde did an interpretive dance to her song “Homemade Dynamite” instead of singing due to her having the flu.Bleachers lead singer Jack Antonoff was one of many celebrities in the audience last night who seemed either bored, confused or a combination of both. They showed him casually eating a banana and not looking impressed during Katy’s intro at the VMA’s.He could’ve just been hungry, as girlfriend Lena Dunham tweeted, "My boyfriend just casually eating a banana at the VMAs is a good reminder of why we’ve been at it half a decade.”The most obvious shade from last night came from girl group Fifth Harmony, who had five members on stage before they started performing their new single “Down” until one was thrown off of it!Social media was in a frenzy, as many saw this as a deliberate attack against former member Camila Cabello, who let the group last year and has become a successful solo artist.Which was your favorite shadiest moment from last night?  Sound off in the comments! 
One possible subject of Taylor's new song is Kanye West. On the track, she sings, “I don’t like your little games / I don’t like your tilted stage.” The rapper used a tilted stage during his Saint Pablo tour. The two have also had problems since 2009, when Kayne interrupted Taylor's acceptance speech at the MTV Video Music Awards to say that "Beyoncé had one of the best videos of all time."

 Toward the end of the song, Taylor says, “I'm sorry, but the old Taylor can’t come to the phone right now / Why? ‘Cause she’s dead.” This makes people think the track might be about Kim Kardashian. The reality TV star leaked a phone call between Kanye and Taylor, where she agrees to let him reference her in his song "Famous," after she said she'd never consented to being in the song. Swift's visuals for this track also include snakes, which is the emoji that flooded her social media accounts after Kim spilled the tea.Some people think this song is a darker follow up to "Bad Blood," about Katy Perry, Taylor's longtime nemesis. The lyric “Locked me out and threw a feast (what?)” sounds like a reference to Katy's single “Bon Appétit." In the video, Katy is served up like a feast.Then there's the idea that the song is about the media's perception of her. “I don’t trust nobody and nobody trusts me," she sings. "I’ll be the actress starring in your bad dreams." The reason she went on such a long hiatus is because she "was feeling overexposed and like things were almost spiraling out of control,” a source told People. “She’s being low-key and secretive [right now] because it makes her happy.”Whoever this new track is about, it's safe to say Taylor really, really doesn't like them. “I don't like your little games," Taylor sings, "the role you made me play, of the fool, no, I don’t like you."

 Who do you think Taylor's new song is about? Sound off in the comments! One possible subject of Taylor's new song is Kanye West. On the track, she sings, “I don’t like your little games / I don’t like your tilted stage.” The rapper used a tilted stage during his Saint Pablo tour. The two have also had problems since 2009, when Kayne interrupted Taylor's acceptance speech at the MTV Video Music Awards to say that "Beyoncé had one of the best videos of all time."

 Toward the end of the song, Taylor says, “I'm sorry, but the old Taylor can’t come to the phone right now / Why? ‘Cause she’s dead.” This makes people think the track might be about Kim Kardashian. The reality TV star leaked a phone call between Kanye and Taylor, where she agrees to let him reference her in his song "Famous," after she said she'd never consented to being in the song. Swift's visuals for this track also include snakes, which is the emoji that flooded her social media accounts after Kim spilled the tea.Some people think this song is a darker follow up to "Bad Blood," about Katy Perry, Taylor's longtime nemesis. The lyric “Locked me out and threw a feast (what?)” sounds like a reference to Katy's single “Bon Appétit." In the video, Katy is served up like a feast.Then there's the idea that the song is about the media's perception of her. “I don’t trust nobody and nobody trusts me," she sings. "I’ll be the actress starring in your bad dreams." The reason she went on such a long hiatus is because she "was feeling overexposed and like things were almost spiraling out of control,” a source told People. “She’s being low-key and secretive [right now] because it makes her happy.”Whoever this new track is about, it's safe to say Taylor really, really doesn't like them. “I don't like your little games," Taylor sings, "the role you made me play, of the fool, no, I don’t like you."

 Who do you think Taylor's new song is about? Sound off in the comments! 
“Why so salty and petty all the damn time, quit playing the victim game and go back to making good music,” one fan tweeted.When fans guessed Taylor was dissing Kanye on the track, one follower wrote, “God she needs to give kanye a rest jheeez.”Other fans were upset with Taylor for dropping her good girl image. “Taylor, this is not you. I am heartbroken by how not good and not you this is. Really really bad and I've been your diehard fan 15 years,” kelseyk1987 said.And some just think it’s time for Taylor to grow up and move on. “If you are just going to be a child the rest of your life that's pathetic. Grow up and be an adult. Your hate music is annoying. #LetItGo,” Mr_T_M_Burridge tweeted.Still, some fans like that Taylor is on the attack. “SHE'S SO ANGRY AND SASSY AND LIVING I AM LIVING FOR THIS,” one passionate fan wrote.Do you think Taylor’s new single is petty af or just the right amount of sass? Let us know in the comments below!“Why so salty and petty all the damn time, quit playing the victim game and go back to making good music,” one fan tweeted.When fans guessed Taylor was dissing Kanye on the track, one follower wrote, “God she needs to give kanye a rest jheeez.”Other fans were upset with Taylor for dropping her good girl image. “Taylor, this is not you. I am heartbroken by how not good and not you this is. Really really bad and I've been your diehard fan 15 years,” kelseyk1987 said.And some just think it’s time for Taylor to grow up and move on. “If you are just going to be a child the rest of your life that's pathetic. Grow up and be an adult. Your hate music is annoying. #LetItGo,” Mr_T_M_Burridge tweeted.Still, some fans like that Taylor is on the attack. “SHE'S SO ANGRY AND SASSY AND LIVING I AM LIVING FOR THIS,” one passionate fan wrote.Do you think Taylor’s new single is petty af or just the right amount of sass? Let us know in the comments below!
