

UPDATE 12:20 P.M. EST: Cara Delevingne, Lorde, and Ruby Rose also appear to be missing from the tee. Hmmm! We're dying of curiosity right now!
Taylor Swift's Look What You Made Me Do video is filled with hidden messages, and it has Twitter freaking the fuck out!
Especially after they realized the songstress had her squad sign her "Junior Jewels" shirt (above) replicating the tee from her You Belong With Me video!
Selena Gomez, Ed Sheeran, Gigi Hadid were just a few of the names to pop up, except what happened to Karlie Kloss??
Tay's BFF's moniker can't be seen in any shot in the music video!!
Related: Look What You Made Me Do Headed For BIG Sales Week
Meanwhile, Blake Lively, Ryan Reynolds, Lena Dunham, Patrick Stewart, Todrick Hall, Abigail Anderson, Martha Hunt, Claire Kislinger, and all three Haim sisters Este, Alana, and Danielle are visible!
Maybe the supermodel signed her name on the back?? 
Although, it's extra inneresting since Taylor featured one scene in the video of her sitting in a throne room with William Shakespeare's "et tu brute" written on two of the columns (below):

Who is it that stabbed Taylor in the back a la Julius Caesar??
The Internet was feeling some type of way about it all!

WHY WASNT @karliekloss name on @taylorswift13 "junior jewels" shirt. I NEED ANSWERS!! 👀👀👀 #LWYMMDvideo
— Addyson Riddle (@AddyMay12) August 28, 2017

I need answers LOL In Taylor Swift's #LWYMMDmusicvideo , she has the Junior Jewels shirt with friends' names. IS KARLIE ON THE SHIRT?! 😨😨
— JoChao (@chao_jonathan) August 28, 2017
So, you know we have to ask…



[Image via Guillermo Proano/WENN & Taylor Swift/YouTube.]



It's been just over a week since the tragic death of stuntwoman Joi "S.J." Harris on the set of Deadpool 2, and investigators are trying to learn how this could have happened.
But according to one stunt performer, the answer is simple: she wasn't being ready.
Related: Zazie Beetz Pays Tribute To Her Stuntwoman
The stunt in question was apparently routine, simply driving through a door, down a ramp, and stopping.
Another stuntwoman who was training Harris tells The Hollywood Reporter that stunt coordinators could see that the pro motorcycle racer, who had never done a movie before, was having trouble: 

"She was improving, but I was watching her and, oh my God, I thought, ‘It's just a matter of time before she crashes into a wall or runs somebody over.'"
She added:

"I cringed every time she went out. Like, when is she going to crash?"
The stuntwoman says she left the set and told producers she wanted out if they were going to go through with using Harris:

"They were warned, yes!"
So why did producers insist on employing Harris if she wasn't ready?
Related: Ryan Reynolds' Somber Statement
According to veteran Hollywood stunt coordinator Conrad Palmisano, who says he has been in touch with some stunt workers on the Deadpool set:

"The producers put pressure to have somebody of the same sex and ethnicity in a position she wasn't qualified to be in. The stunt coordinators caved to the pressure. All the stunt people could do was take it to their higher-ups. They're going to follow their chain of command."
Harris was doubling for actress Zazie Beetz, who plays mercenary Domino in the film.
It seems there are so few black female stunt performers, at least capable of doing motorcycle work, that producers had to go outside the stunt community to find someone to match Beetz.
Is there a lack of diversity in the stunt performers? Perhaps due to lack of demand — not enough black women being cast in action hero roles?
Others don't buy that this was Harris' fault. Moto-D Racing president Scott Diamond, whose company sponsored Harris as a racer, told Variety last week:
"I don't know the specifics of the stunt, but I know she would have been safe and prudent. She was a very responsible and mature person. She wasn't wild and crazy."
But that doesn't mean she was ready for a completely different job.
We hope to learn more as the investigation goes on, especially if this is something that can be prevented in the future.
[Image via 20th Century Fox/Instagram.]



Hollywood needs to do better.
On Tuesday, Forbes released its 2017 list of highest paid actors in the world, and Mark Wahlberg landed the number one spot with $68 million.
Related: Mark Wahlberg Surprises Boston Marathon Runners
The 46-year-old Boston-native made tons of dough from his roles in Transformers: The Last Knight and the forthcoming Daddy's Home 2.
Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson came in second place by making $65 million, while Vin Diesel finished third with a whopping $54.5 million.
As we reported, 2017's highest paid actress Emma Stone made $26 million, which is $42 million less than Wahlberg. In fact, the top 14 actors all made more than the La La Land starlet, including costar Ryan Gosling (#14, $29 million).
This is so damn frustrating!
Ch-ch-check out the full list (below)! 
1. Mark Wahlberg ($68 million)
2. Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson ($65 million)
3. Vin Diesel ($54.5 million)
4. Adam Sandler ($50.5 million)
5. Jackie Chan ($49 million)
6. Robert Downey Jr. ($48 million)
7. Tom Cruise ($43 million)
8. Shah Rukh Khan ($38 million)
9. Salman Khan ($37 million)
10. Akshay Kumar ($35.5 million)
11. Chris Hemsworth ($31.5 million)
12. Tom Hanks ($31 million)
13. Samuel L. Jackson ($30.5 million)
14. Ryan Gosling ($29 million)
15. Ryan Reynolds ($21.5 million)
16. Matt Damon ($21 million)
17. Jeremy Renner ($19 million)
18. Chris Evans ($18 million)
19. Chris Pratt ($17 million)
20. Mark Ruffalo ($13 million)
[Image via WENN.]



Come through, Ryan Murphy!
On Friday, the screenwriter promised to release the title sequence for American Horror Story: Cult — and by Monday, he delivered!
Related: Billie Lourd On Continuing Carrie Fisher's Legacy
And although we're not entirely sure what the season will bring, the opening credits are creepily politically-charged!
Ch-ch-check it out (below)! 


Watch it begin. Witness the opening credits for #AHSCult. pic.twitter.com/7X3Cy9W7DV
— AmericanHorrorStory (@AHSFX) August 21, 2017

You can catch AHS: Cult on September 5 at 10 p.m. on FX!
[Image via Twitter.]



More information is being released about the tragic death of Joi "SJ" Harris.
As we reported, on the set of Deadpool 2 in Vancouver, the stuntwoman lost control of her bike, jumped the curb, and crashed through the window of Shaw Tower. Her brakes were not applied, and she was not wearing a helmet.
Related: Ryan Reynolds Releases Somber Statement
The incident has been investigated by WorkSafeBC who describes the situation in a report dated August 15. They wrote:

"During the first shooting of the scene the stunt driver continued driving beyond the planned stopping spot on the stairway landing, and continued to drive down a second ramp built over the bottom stairs and across the roadway. The motorcycle struck the concrete sidewalk curb, the worker was thrown off the motorcycle and propelled through a plate glass window of a building."

Despite being reported as "the first shooting of the scene," a Deadline source says the crash happened on Harris' sixth take. Additionally, the professional motorcycle racer was reportedly only traveling at less than 10 MPH. The insider reveals: 

"In the maneuver, which was never more than 15 kilometers per hour – [a little less than] 10 miles an hour – she rode on a flat surface through two open doors and then turned left and went out of camera range… Her exit was a safety ramp to a big platform where the bike was supposed to stop, but she overshot the platform, hit a curb, and was thrown from the bike through a glass window."

Although the Ryan Reynolds-sequel was her first job as a movie stuntwoman, the source says Joi was indeed qualified for the position. 

"To say an unqualified person was put in this position is absolutely untrue… She was the best candidate for the job."

Production resumed two days after her tragic death.
The movie is scheduled to be released June 1. 
[Image via Joi Harris/Instagram.]



Gone, but not forgotten.
The Deadpool 2 cast is clearly shaken up over the untimely death of stuntwoman Joi "SJ" Harris. As we previously reported, Harris passed away in Vancouver, Canada earlier this week while filming a motorcycle stunt for the Marvel flick's sequel. So sad.
Related: Beachgoers Take Selfies With Dying Dolphin Instead Of Offering Help
Unsurprisingly, Deadpool 2 actress Zazie Beetz has since taken to Instagram to pay tribute to Harris following her death as it's believed SJ was Beetz's stunt double. On Wednesday evening, the Atlanta star shared: 




A post shared by Zazie (@zaziebeetz) on Aug 16, 2017 at 9:40pm PDT


Ryan Reynolds also paid tribute to SJ on Wednesday as it's said the A-lister led the cast and crew in a moment of silence before resuming production. Reportedly, after a brief speech, Blake Lively's husband stood at the center as crew members circled around him with their heads bowed in silence.
We can only imagine how somber that set is right now. As always, our thoughts are with those affected by this tragedy.
R.I.P., SJ.
[Image via Twitter/Adriana M. Barraza/WENN.]



Kim Kardashian West
