

Looks like Ashley Tisdale is a Swiftie once again!
As we previously reported, the High School Musical alum seemingly took shots at Taylor Swift's latest diss track, Look What You Made Me Do. Uh oh!
Video: Ashley & Lea SLAY Robyn's Dancing On My Own 
In a series of since deleted tweets, the 32-year-old wrote: 

"Music is supposed to bring us together. It's supposed to unite us. When we have artists targeting each other for the sake of controversy… The art suffers. When will try to stop bringing each other down and start lifting us up when we live in a world that's doing exactly that?"
So shady!
While Miz Tisdale attempted to down play the drama by claiming the posts were not "about one person," the controversy clearly hasn't subsided for the former Disney darling as she made quite the online gesture on Monday. Following the release of the Look What You Made Me Do visual, the industry vet posted:




MONDAY….. I'm coming for you 👊🏼💥A post shared by Ashley Tisdale (@ashleytisdale) on Aug 28, 2017 at 8:55am PDT


We see you, Ashley!! In case you didn't realize, the clip (above) is from Tay's latest vid.
We're sure Taylor appreciates the support — albeit delayed.
[Image via Instagram/WENN.]



Taylor Swift





Kim Kardashian West


Kim Kardashian West


In case you're not familiar with Joel Osteen, he's a very, VERY wealthy pastor based in Houston, Texas.
His empire of best-selling books, a Sirius XM radio show, and televised sermons have given him an estimated net worth north of $50 million.
Related: How You Can Help Hurricane Harvey Victims
When southeast Texas was hit by unprecedented flooding from Hurricane Harvey, Osteen tweeted:

Victoria & I are praying for everyone affected by Hurricane Harvey. Please join us as we pray for the safety of our Texas friends & family.
— Joel Osteen (@JoelOsteen) August 26, 2017

And that's all he did.
People were quick to note on Twitter that he has not donated any money (that anyone can tell anyway), but more importantly he didn't open the doors of his 16,800-seating megachurch in Lakewood to refugees, despite it being spared from flooding and easily accessible.
See some of the most scathing tweets (below): 

Nice of @JoelOsteen to open his 16,000 seat mega church in Houston to floor victims. Lol jk he's not doing that.
— Eoin Higgins (@EoinHiggins_) August 28, 2017


Where's Joel Osteen? His church in Houston holds 16,800, and he has plenty of money. Open the doors and help people! Well, guess not eh!
— philip harris (@pharris830) August 28, 2017


Houston's Joel Osteen has a net worth over $50m and a church that holds 16,800 but this is all he's offering. pic.twitter.com/rmhdWK6ZAO
— Mark Elliott (@markmobility) August 28, 2017


A message of Christian love to all those without shelter in Houston right now who seek refuge in Joel Osteen’s 16,800-seat Lakewood church: pic.twitter.com/DDywqjA4HG
— Mrs. Betty Bowers (@BettyBowers) August 28, 2017


Joel Osteen has a 16,000 SEAT MEGA CHURCH smack in the middle of Houston & HASN'T Opened his doors to those who need rescue?!? WHAT THE FUCK
— wavy. (@itswavyszn) August 28, 2017


Joel Osteen, as a Pastor you have a huge obligation to show the love of Christ at this very moment.
OPEN THE DOORS. #HoustonStrong
— Pastor Greg Locke (@pastorlocke) August 28, 2017

Front of @JoelOsteen's huge Lakewood Church in Houston at 11 am. Closed due to "flooding". Person who took it asked to be anonymous. pic.twitter.com/gOndOncFuC
— Charles Clymer🏳️‍🌈 (@cmclymer) August 28, 2017



Oh, thank you, sweet, merciful lord for sparing Joel Osteen's 16,000 seat Lakewood Church. Now, if only it had opened its doors to the needy pic.twitter.com/4lzn1MsMcW
— The Hoarse Whisperer (@HoarseWisperer) August 28, 2017


Joel Osteen: We will pray for the people of Houston.
Houston locals: Can we use your church for shelter?
Osteen: pic.twitter.com/xhfke5LfWy
— Tre (@tblack) August 28, 2017


When the beautiful people of Houston ask Joel Osteen for the same donations they've been giving his church pic.twitter.com/hrWun5DV56
— Trizz (@Tr1zz) August 28, 2017


"Suffer the little children to come unto me but not @JoelOsteen's building because y'all are damp."
Book of Profit https://t.co/3a5MSZcjkf
— quinn cummings (@quinncy) August 28, 2017

Oh, he's apparently also blocking people who ask him about it, so clearly he got the message. He's just not available.
[Image via Twitter.]

