
There is no more bad blood between Katy Perry and Calvin Harris.In 2011, the two got involved in a Twitter feud after he canceled plans to open for the singer on tour at the last minute. The two later reconciled and even collaborated on new music. Earlier this year, Harris released a new single, "Feels," which featured Perry, as well as Big Sean and Pharrell Williams."I saw Calvin actually at [the] Vanity Fair Oscar party. We just bumped into each other and he's like, 'Oh, you know, it's so funny, I think I have a song that maybe you should come check out,'" Perry said in an interview on Ryan Seacrest's KIIS-FM radio show On-Air With Ryan Seacrest Wednesday. "I was like, 'Cool,' because we'd always meant to work together for years and years and years.""We'd had little falling outs here and there," she added. "We'd had some public Twitter spats and it was like, eight years or so had passed. It was time to put all that behind us. Then he played me this one part for this new song called ‘Feels' and I was like, ‘Oh yeah.' This is like my favorite song off the record. I was just down to do it."

Perry also talked to Seacrest days before she will take the stage at the Forum in Los Angeles to host the 2017 MTV Video Music Awards, where she will also perform several songs."I don't really know what to expect because there's a lot of spontaneity on that show, so I'm just gonna have to like, catch every curve ball that comes at me and laugh," Perry said. "I'm basically just gonna laugh the whole way through."


The 2017 MTV VMAs included epic fashion.But, we didn't expect anything less from stars like Lorde, Demi Lovato and Katy Perry. The red carpet of the MTV Video Music Awards has always welcomed both the bold and the beautiful, encouraging stars to put their most creative foot forward. With a history of meat dresses and barely-there looks, impactful fashion moments are inevitable. And, these celebrities aren't going to let the opportunity for out-of-the-box fashion slip pass them.Like the awards, there are winners and losers among the fashion risk-takers. Ready to find out who killed this year's carpet?

And the award for best dressed goes to...

What's your favorite look?

Tell us below! 


Katy Perry is running the show. With five nominations, the songstress is gearing up for her one of her biggest years at the MTV Video Music Awards yet. To top it all off, the star is performing and she's hosting for the first time. "I've been training with MTV in zero gravity, eating astronaut ice cream, and I'm on a group text with Buzz Aldrin and Neil deGrasse Tyson," Perry told E! News in a statement. "Come Aug. 27, I'll be ready to be your MOONWOMAN! Brace for impact, kids.""We're thrilled to have global phenomenon Katy Perry as the host and a performer at the 2017 VMAs," added Bruce Gillmer, Head of Music and Music Talent, Global Entertainment Group, Viacom. "She is at the forefront of music culture and the perfect person to anchor this year's show, which promises to be one of the most diverse and music-filled in VMA history."

Though it's her first time running the show, she's no stranger to taking center stage at the MTV VMAs. In fact, her history with the annual ceremony is arguably as colorful and entertaining as the show itself. If you need to jog your memory ahead of Perry's big night, revisit her boldest moments yet here:

We'll just have to wait and see what she has in store for this year's ceremony on Sunday at 5 p.m. PT. Cue the fireworks!


"Despite all her best efforts," Eisen said of Perry, "she just seems to be falling flat on her face."But with a little luck—and a little juice—Perry's team was able to turn it all around.Dave Meyers directed the "Swish Swish" music video, which Jennifer Heath, Danny Lockwood and Nathan Scherrer produced and Jamie Mizrahi and Johnny Wujek styled. Meyers previously directed Perry's "Firework," which won the award for Video of the Year at the 2011 MTV VMAs.

"'Swish Swish' just basically is like, I stay winning. I just, like, you know...I'm above that crap," Perry said on SiriusXM's Morning Mash Up while promoting her album, Witness. "I'm gonna stay winning. You're gonna try to hold me down, and I'm gonna come out like a phoenix rising."


Another star in Katy Perry's music video basket. As fans await the songstress' visual for her hit track, "Swish Swish," Perry gave everyone a sneak peak into what's in store when she released a trailer for the music video, complete with plenty of celebrity cameos. In the basketball-themed clip, Perry stars as the Tigers team captain with Molly Shannon as her enthusiastic coach. In reference to her lyrics, the other team is a group of Sheeps with Terry Crews as coach and Thor "the Mountain" Björnsson, the team's captain. 

While this seems to be her most packed video yet, Perry is no stranger to sharing the screen with her colleagues. In her 2011 video for "Last Friday Night," she invited Rebecca Black, Darren Criss, Kevin McHale, Hanson, Kenny G, Debbie Gibson and Corey Feldmanto join her musical bonanza. While Perry has dubbed it a "countdown to catastrophe," we're calling it a countdown to cameos.   


Taylor Swift 's new single "Look What You Made Me Do" is finally here, and fans are already in overdrive trying to decipher exactly who the Grammy winner might be referring to in the lyrics.And while the beloved pop star has been adamant in the past about not identifying which people her songs are about, Swifties didn't hesitate to draw to their own conclusions. Swift wrote the song along with Jack Antonoff, Fred Fairbrass, Richard Fairbrass and Rob Manzoli.The song samples the 1991 house single "I'm Too Sexy" by Right Said Fred.Is Swift singing about Kanye West? That's the question fans began asking after taking a closer look at these lyrics: "I don't like your little games / I don't like your tilted stage / The role you made me play / Of the fool / No, I don't like you." Later, Swift sings, "The world moves on / Another day another drama, drama / But not for me, not for me / All I think about is karma."

Though West isn't mentioned by name, he did use a tilted stage on his Saint Pablo tour. Towards the end of the song, Swift picks up a phone, perhaps in reference to a past talk with West."The old Taylor can't come to the phone right now," she says. "Why? / 'Cause she's dead." A year ago, the rapper gave her a heads up that he would be name-dropping her in "Famous," but both parties disagree over the content of the call. In the song, West rapped, "I feel like me and Taylor might still have sex / Why? I made that bitch famous." Swift swiftly denounced the song, taking issue with being labeled a "bitch" and West taking credit for her hard-earned success. Months later, Kim Kardashian leaked audio and video of West and Swift's phone conversation, confirming that the singer was aware of at least some of West's lyrics about her. There was no recording, however, of Swift listening to and approving West's "I made that bitch famous" line.There are possible references to Katy Perry in "Look What You Made Me Do," too. In the pre-chorus, Swift seemingly references the burn book from Mean Girls, singing, "I've got a list of names and yours is in red, underlined / I check it once, then I check it twice, oh!" In a 2014 interview with Rolling Stone, Swift strongly implied that Perry had done her dirty by stealing her dancers; at the time, her rival tweeted, "Watch out for the Regina George in sheep's clothing..."

Other fans pointed out that the beat of "Look What You Made Me Do" is similar to Peaches' "Operate," which played in Mean Girls as Cady Heron (Lindsay Lohan) watched as her frenemy Regina George (Rachel McAdams) made out with her crush Aaron Samuels (Jonathan Bennett).Some also fans believe one of Swift's lyrics—"Locked me out and threw a feast (what?)"—is a reference to Perry's "Bon Appétit," in which Perry was literally served on a platter in the video.Swift also seems to address claims that she's a hypocrite. "I don't trust nobody and nobody trusts me," she sings repeatedly in the bridge. "I'll be the actress starring in your bad dreams."

Earlier this week, after scrubbing her social media accounts clean and starting anew, the pop princess announced that her new album, Reputation, would be available Nov. 10. It will be the sixth studio album for the singer and the follow-up to the Grammy Award-winning smash 1989.And while Swift has kept a low profile for the last few years, it hasn't been too long ago that fans were treated to new music. In fact, just last year her chart-topping single "I Don't Wanna Live Forever" with Zayn Malik, was included as part of the Fifty Shades Darker soundtrack.What do you think of Swift's single? Tell us your thoughts in the comments section below.







Reunited but…how does it feel?Katy Perry recently addressed the rumors about a possible rekindled spark between her and Orlando Bloom. "Well you know I think people are in and out of your life," she candidly admits. "It's nice to keep people you love around you." Did you catch that? We can't help but notice that Perry is still using the "L" word when referring to the handsome actor. "When you get older, lines get blurred," the 32-year-old tells The Morning Mashup, a SiriusXM Hits 1 show. "And you know what, I'm really busy. I'm about to go on tour for another year."

The rumor mill started to swirl again when the pair was spotted at an Ed Sheeran concert at the Staples Center in Los Angeles a little over a week ago."They definitely seemed like they're back together," an eyewitness told E! News at the time. "They cuddled most of the night. She sat on his lap most of the night and shared kisses."So we can maybe expect to see more of the two together in the future? Here's hoping that Bloom pops up at a few of her gigs.

The Witness Tour kicks off on Sept. 19 in Montreal, QC. Keep your eyes peeled! 


Absence makes the heart grow fonder! Orlando Bloom and Katy Perry might be back on. The couple was spotted at an Ed Sheeran concert in Los Angeles on Saturday looking very much like a couple. Could it be possible that after a six month break, these two are back together again? The couple previously dated for almost a year before calling it quits in March, but it looks like things may be heating up again for the pair. "She sat on his lap most of the night and shared kisses," an eyewitness told E! News. Could they really be trying to make it work for a second time? 

Get all the latest details on the couple in the clip above! 


Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom are giving things a shot once more.The couple—who called things off in March after 10 months—were spotted arriving to Ed Sheeran's Los Angeles concert at the Staples Center over the weekend with the pop star hanging onto the actor as they rode in on his motorcycle.Now, E! News can confirm they're seeing each other once again."They have never cut communication since they broke up," a source told us. "They just took a break because it was the best thing for them at that time, [but they] are seeing each other again."

The insider added, "Katy and Orlando want this to work this time, so they are working on mending their relationship. They've had some really good talks and have a better understanding on their needs. Time will tell at this point, but [things are] looking very positive."In fact, we're told they don't even care who knows about their rekindled romance.



Splash News

"When they went out in public, they were aware that people would start speculating that they were back on, and they are OK with that," the source explained. "They love each other and never stopped."Not to mention, based upon their dating history, this rekindling shouldn't come as a massive surprise.For example, Perry dated John Mayer on and off for several years. They first began dating in August 2012 before we confirmed they split up in March 2013, only to get back together again in June 2013. Fast forward to February 2014, and the pair split up once again, but (you guessed it), they rekindled once more in April 2015. They finally decided to call things off once and for all in July 2015. But she's not alone! Bloom has also rekindled romances with exes in the past.

He dated Kate Bosworth on and off for four years, from 2002 to 2006, before they eventually called it quits.Bosworth said of their final split, "You know when you put all your chips into something, then it disappears? [The break-up] sent me into such pain, I think I had actual vertigo. I was like, 'Is this my new reality? Will anything be normal again?'"She continued, "Then one day, you wake up and you think, 'OK, I'll never be the same, but I'll survive and I'll grow from it.'"And she certainly has! The actress is happily married to director Michael Polish, who she wed in 2013. Bloom, on the other hand, went on to marry Miranda Kerr in 2010 before they divorced in 2013.


Katy Perry shared some good news—and some bad news—with fans Thursday.In an Instagram post, the "Chained to the Rhythm" singer announced three acts will be joining her on Witness: the Tour: Noah Cyrus (Sept. 19 – Nov. 1), Purity Ring (Nov. 7 – Dec. 20) and Carly Rae Jepsen (Jan. 5 – Feb. 5). As for the bad news? In a statement to E! News, Perry said, "Due to unavoidable production delays, major elements of my tour stage design could not be available for me to rehearse on until this week. I'll be spending the next few weeks taking the time to properly prepare the show to be an experience I am proud to share with you.""I'm sorry for any inconvenience this causes," Perry said, "but hope everyone who sees the show will agree it was worth the wait." The tour's new start date will be Sept. 19 in Montréal.Witness: The Tour was originally scheduled to begin in Columbus on Sept. 7.All the rescheduled dates are listed on katyperry.com/tour.Perry also issued personal messages to fans in the cities where her concerts were rescheduled. "To my wonderful fans in Buffalo, I'm very sorry that we could not find a rescheduled date that worked," the 32-year-old singer said via e-mail. "If possible, I would love to see you in Toronto."

The updated list of tour dates is below:Sept. 19 - Montréal, QE at Bell CentreSept. 21 - Uncasville, CT at Mohegan Sun ArenaSept. 22 - Pittsburgh, PA at PPG Paints ArenaSept. 24 - Columbus, OH at Schottenstein CenterSept. 25 - Washington, DC at Verizon CenterSept. 29, 30 - Boston, MA at TD GardenOct. 2 - New York, NY at Madison Square GardenOct. 6 - New York, NY at Madison Square GardenOct. 8 - Newark at Prudential CenterOct. 9 - Quebec City at Videotron CentreOct. 11 - Brooklyn, NY at Barclays CenterOct. 12 - Philadelphia, PA at Wells Fargo CenterOct. 16 - Louisville, KY at KFC Yum! CenterOct. 18 - Nashville, TN at Bridgestone ArenaOct. 22 - St. Louis, MO at Scottrade CenterOct. 24 - Chicago, IL at United CenterOct. 25 - Chicago, IL at United CenterOct. 27 - Kansas City, MO at Sprint CenterOct. 31, November 1 - Toronto at Air Canada CentreNov. 7 - Los Angeles, CA at STAPLES CenterNov. 8 - Los Angeles, CA at STAPLES CenterNov. 10 - Los Angeles, CA at STAPLES CenterNov. 14 - San Jose, CA at SAP Center at San JoseNov. 24 - Salt Lake City, UT at Vivint Smart Home ArenaNov. 26 - Denver, CO at Pepsi CenterNov. 28 - Omaha, NE at CenturyLink CenterNov. 29 - Tulsa, OK at BOK CenterDec. 1 - St. Paul, MN at Xcel Energy CenterDec. 2 - Des Moines, IA at Wells Fargo ArenaDec. 4 - Milwaukee, WI at BMO Harris Bradley CenterDec. 6 - Detroit, MI at Little Caesars ArenaDec. 7 - Grand Rapids, MI at Van Andel ArenaDec. 9 - Indianapolis, IN at Bankers Life FieldhouseDec. 10 - Cleveland, OH at Quicken Loans ArenaDec. 12 - Atlanta, GA at Philips ArenaDec. 15 - Tampa, FL at Amalie ArenaDec. 17 - Orlando, FL at Amway CenterDec. 20 - Miami, FL at AmericanAirlines ArenaJan. 5 - New Orleans, LA at Smoothie King CenterJan. 7 - Houston, TX at Toyota CenterJan. 10 - San Antonio, TX at AT&T CenterJan. 12 - Little Rock, AR at Verizon ArenaJan. 14 - Dallas, TX at American Airlines CenterJan. 19 - Phoenix, AZ at Gila River ArenaJan. 20 - Las Vegas, NV at T-Mobile ArenaJan. 31 - Sacramento, CA at Golden1 CenterFeb. 2 - Portland, OR at Moda Center at Rose QuarterFeb. 3 - Tacoma, WA at Tacoma DomeFeb. 5 - Vancouver, BC at Pepsi Live at Rogers Arena

In addition to preparing for her tour, Perry will host the 2017 MTV VMAs on Aug. 27.


Woman on fire! Gwen Stefani has proven that when she puts her mind to something, there is no stopping her. E! News' Catt Sadler caught up with the star at the press preview of her latest L.A.M.B. and gx by Gwen Stefani collections in West Hollywood and talked family, career and if she's considered signing on for the American Idol reboot. Gwen won't be back for next season of NBC's The Voice so that means she has room in her schedule to possibly judge another reality competition. "Umm that would be like, I don't know" Gwen said when asked if she thought about joining American Idol. Catt wasn't letting her off the hook that easy. "What if Katy Perry calls you up and she's like girl, the money's right," Catt asked. "She got all the money," Gwen joked. Don't hold your breath for the singer to join the judges table again anytime soon! Regardless, she's still having an amazing year.

"I had a really good summer," Gwen shared. "I almost had five weeks where I was just with the boys. Literally summertime to the point where I really can't wait for school to start."As for what's next for the singer, she's taking it day by day. "I love being creative and I love music and all of it, but I also love to not do anything too—a lot," she said. "I'm more and more and more into it."Catch the rest of the interview in the clip above! 

