Why Katy Perry Ended Her Feud With Calvin Harris
Best Dressed at the 2017 MTV VMAs: Lorde, Katy Perry & More! Rich Fury/Getty Images Katy Perry The star demonstrates how to wear an asymmetrical garment. Her outfit, designed by Stephane Rolland, is both epic and classic—perfect for...
One Direction Kisses, Britney Spears Inspiration & the Brooklyn Bridge: Relive Katy Perry's Most Unforgettable MTV VMA Moments Kevin Mazur/WireImage Rock Star Debut For her first MTV Video Music Award performance ever, this yea...
Katy Perry's All-Star Basketball Team Mounts a Comeback in "Swish Swish" "Despite all her best efforts," Eisen said of Perry, "she just seems to be falling flat on her face." But with a little luck—and a li...
Katy Perry's "Swish Swish" Music Video Is on Its Way and Packed With Stars Another star in Katy Perry's music video basket.  As fans await the songstress' visual for her hit track, "Swish Swish," Perry gave...
Taylor Swift's "Look What You Made Me Do" Lyrics Decoded: Is She Calling Out Katy Perry and Kanye West? Taylor Swift 's new single "Look What You Made Me Do" is finally here, and fans are already in overdrive tr...
Katy Perry Opens Up About Orlando Bloom and Those Rekindled Romance Rumors Reunited but…how does it feel? Katy Perry recently addressed the rumors about a possible rekindled spark between her and Orlando Bloom. "Well you know I think pe...
Are Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom Getting Back Together After Six Months Apart?
Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom Are Seeing Each Other Again: Why We're Not Surprised Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom are giving things a shot once more. The couple—who called things off in March after 10 months—were spotted arriving to Ed She...
Katy Perry Reschedules the First 6 Dates of Her Witness Tour The updated list of tour dates is below: Sept. 19 - Montréal, QE at Bell Centre Sept. 21 - Uncasville, CT at Mohegan Sun Arena Sept. 22 - Pittsburgh, PA at PPG Paints Arena Sept. 2...
Gwen Stefani Talks New Glasses Collection, Family and Katy Perry on American Idol
