HERE'S THE RUNDOWN   Prince: Massive Music Vault War! Scooter Braun Lands Celeb Endorsement Rihanna Moves Into Dangerous Grounds Mariah Carey Hooks Up With French Montana
The president of  "Gays for Trump " believes Trump and his team allowed the bizarre black guy to sit behind him because they liked the message on his t-shirt and sign but never dug further. Peter Boykin -- who runs the pro-Trump LGBT group -- essentially says,  "What's a President to do? " You see a cool tee and you run with it.   Here's the problem ... had Trump's people simply logged on to Blacksfortrump2020.com (which was written on the damn sign), they would have seen all the craziness ... comparing Cherokees to the KKK, calling Oprah the devil, and putting Hillary and ISIS in the same boat. Boykin says he's met the  "Blacks for Trump " dude, Maurice Symonette, and says he's a good guy. BTW, we found out he was tried but acquitted of conspiracy to commit murder back in the '90s. Boykin has nearly 70,000 Twitter followers, though it's unclear how many are members of  "Gays for Trump. "  Trump says re: his #Charlottesville response:  "The words were perfect. " pic.twitter.com /Gt9r4sefKn #TrumpRally #phoenixrally — Jim Sharpe (@JimSharpe) August 23, 2017
Barron Trump is getting what may be a First Kid's first ... an unofficial portrait with doting daddy, Donald that's destined for The White House. TMZ broke the story ... artist Barry Wingard painted portraits of Donald and Melania that he wanted to give to the First Family. He went to his congressman, Rep. Mike Kelly, who loved them and agreed to have them delivered to 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. But Kelly and someone from Trump's staff saw a third portrait of Donald clutching son, Barron, and asked Wingard to frame it so Kelly could send all 3. The portrait of Barron and his dad was painted from a photo at the Republican National Convention last summer. As for the final resting place of the 3 paintings ... it's unclear. Kelly's office says they will deliver them to The White House and then it's Trump's call. 
Roger Stone, a former Trump campaign advisor who still counsels the President says if Congress impeaches Donald Trump, there will be all-out war in the U.S. We got Stone at LAX Wednesday and he warned any politician who's thinking of voting for impeachment to think again, because their lives would be in danger. He goes on to say  "both sides " are heavily armed and bloodshed would be inevitable. Some members of Congress, including Rep. Maxine Waters, are already pushing hard for articles of impeachment.
President Trump is a sucker ... for 3-day-old Twitter memes ... especially ones that proclaim him to have somehow eclipsed President Obama. Early Thursday morning, as POTUS scanned his social media, he couldn't resist retweeting a pic showing 45 eclipsing 44 with the caption,  "The best eclipse ever. " Truth is ... the opposite image, in support of Obama, made the Internet rounds too. Again ... THREE days ago. Bottom line:- Absurd use of the President's time? Check- Late jab? Check- Ridiculously petty? Check  Yeah. Someone definitely shoulda worn more appropriate eyewear during the actual eclipse.
