It's not news Taylor Swift and Kanye West dislike each other, but the timing of her new album release takes it to a whole new level. Taylor's album,  "Reputation, " is set to drop November 10, exactly 10 years to the day Donda West died from complications from cosmetic surgery. Donda was everything to Kanye and her death shattered him for years. In fact, his breakdown last year coincided with the death anniversary. In fairness, November 10 is a Friday ... the preferred day to drop albums. In fact, a source at Taylor's label tells us they picked the date  "based on other Universal Music Group releases. There is no correlation. " Nonetheless, Donda's death was such a big deal it's hard to forget, especially if you're feuding with her son.   TMZ broke the story ... when Kanye released  "Famous " with the lyric,  "I made that bitch famous " -- referring to Taylor -- she claimed he didn't give her a heads-up, but turns out Kanye recorded her saying just that.
Taylor Swift's new song,  "Look What You Made Me Do, " isn't a jab at Katy Perry, it's meant purely for Kanye West and Kim Kardashian. Taylor dropped her first single off her upcoming  "Reputation " album Thursday night and called out Kanye in the opening verse, where she sings  "I don't like your little games ... don't like your tilted stage. "  Our sources tell us the song is definitely targeting the Wests, who Taylor feels betrayed her by releasing their now infamous phone convo. Taylor's side of the story has always been ... they discussed the lyric but she never approved Kanye calling her  "bitch " in  "Famous. " We're told Taylor feels she was backstabbed by the couple and there will be more not-so-subtle hints in the official music video, which will debut Sunday during the VMAs.  Taylor released a short clip that zooms in on her sitting on a throne ... with the inscription,  "et tu, brute. " When the disses turn Shakespearean ... you know it's serious.  It's a famous line from Shakespeare's play  "Julius Caesar " when Caesar is being stabbed to death and recognizes one of his pals, Brutus, is in on it. The phrase is now meant to symbolize backstabbing. Taylor still played it safe for the video. She could've gone with  "Et tu, Kimye? "
Taylor Swift may be sorely disappointed at the VMAs Sunday, because she's gonna have no one to glare at ... we've learned Kim and Kanye are otherwise engaged. It would have been pretty epic ... Taylor showing off  "Look What You Made Me Do " as she stares down the royal couple, but we're told long before the single was released they decided the VMAs were not for them. They're in town, but we're told there's no particular reason for them to trek to The Forum near LAX. It's actually kinda brilliant ... Kim and Kanye become the center of attention at the music event, courtesy of Taylor Swift, and they don't have to lift a finger.
HERE'S THE RUNDOWN   Kylie Jenner's Nude Photo Shoot  D.L. Hughley: America's Civil War Usher On Herpes Lawsuit: You Have No Proof! Dave Chappelle's Birthday Wish!
Looks like Taylor Swift and Katy Perry's bad blood has finally been mopped up -- 'cause Taylor's new album throws no shade her way ... like, AT ALL. Our sources tell us TayTay's 6th album,  "Reputation, " is devoid of hate or trash talking directed at her longtime foe. Anyone expecting another epic slash at Katy is going to be sorely disappointed. On the surface it seems as if Taylor is taking a swipe at Katy. In her new song,  "Look What You Made Me Do, " Taylor sings,  "I've got a list of names and yours is in red underlined. " It appears she's making reference to the movie  "Mean Girls, " where Regina George's picture is in the burn book with the words,  "She is a fugly slut " and underlined in red.  Katy raised the issue in a tweet directed at Taylor back in 2014 ...  Watch out for the Regina George in sheep's clothing... — KATY PERRY (@katyperry) September 9, 2014  Our sources say Taylor's album lyrics have nothing to do with  "Mean Girls, " Regina George or Katy. Katy has recently said she wants to end her feud, so now it's all on Taylor. The mystery ... we're told something big will happen at the VMAs ... and reading between the lines it would not be surprising if Katy and Taylor appear onstage and publicly bury the hatchet. It makes sense ... Taylor will probably dig that hatchet right back up and go after Kim and Kanye.
It's now obvious Taylor Swift's been sharpening her lyrical knives during her hiatus -- she whipped 'em out for Katy Perry AND Kanye West in her new track,  "Look What You Made Me Do. "  Tay Tay just dropped a music video for the track, and the lyrics leave no doubt who she's attacking. She sings,  "I don't like your little games ... don't like your tilted stage " in the opening verse -- a clear reference to Kanye's last tour. Taylor also clearly refers to 'Ye calling her a bitch in,  "Famous " --  "The role you made me play of the fool ... no, I don't like you. " The 2nd verse seems to be targeting Katy for their feud over tour dancers -- and she plays off those snake teasers she's been posting. They're all over the animated music vid. The track is dripping with revenge shots like ...  "Maybe I got mine, but one day you'll get yours " and  "I've got a list of names and yours is in red, underlined. " It's always the quiet ones.
Kanye West looked a tad pensive as he left his offices Friday, after the announcement that Taylor Swift's new album will be released on the 10-year-anniversary of his mom's death.   As you know, Taylor furor in the song,  "Look What You Made Me Do " is aimed at Kanye and Kim. Kanye's sporting a t with the words,  "my bloody Valentine " emblazoned on the front.  Unclear what that means. As we reported, Kayne and Kim will not go to the VMA's Sunday, where Taylor is going to make an appearance.
Taylor Swift's wasting her time -- and more importantly the world's -- with stupid secret jabs at her rivals ... according to songwriting legend Diane Warren. The rumor is Taylor packed her  "Reputation " cover art with hidden messages targeting the likes of Kanye, Kim, Katy and probably an ex-bf or 2. Diane, whose rep as maybe the most prolific writer of pop hits speaks for itself ... hints Swift should be focusing on her music.  Diane, for one, clearly ain't interested in busting out a magnifying glass to delve deeper into Taylor's beefs with celebs. DW dismisses it as seriously  "petty s**t " -- and also reminded us ... The Beatles did it better. Paul is dead. Look it up. 
Taylor Swift is in a one-way feud with Kim Kardashian and Kanye West. Taylor has put Kim and Kanye in her crosshairs in her new single,  "Look What You Made Me Do, " comparing them in the music video to Brutus who backstabbed Julius Caesar. Our Kim and Kanye sources say their well-publicized feud -- triggered by Kanye's song  "Famous " in which he referenced Taylor with the lyric,  "I made that bitch famous " -- is old and buried.  As for Kanye, our sources say there are certain feuds he deeply cares about ... like the one in which he's embroiled with Jay-Z and Tidal. As one well-connected source put it,  "They're like brothers who fight but feel bad about it and always end up coming together. " Taylor, on the other hand, isn't even on his radar. As for Kim, we're told the way she sees it, the whole feud ended over a year ago. However, if Swift wants her album to resonate, what better way to do it than pick a fight with one of the most famous duos in the world. Advantage West.
Katy Perry dodged a Taylor Swift bullet at the VMAs -- even though she's hosting the show -- 'cause she was nowhere to be seen during the TV debut of T. Swift's new music video. Katy ducked out from introducing Taylor's new single  "Look What You Made Me Do " Sunday during MTV's award show ... managing to steer clear of any mention of Taylor once it ended.  The show came out of commercial and went right into Taylor's video with just a generic PSA on the monitors at the Forum. Afterward,  "Blackish " star Yara Shahidi came onstage to introduce a performance for Shawn Mendes.  Through it all  ... Katy made herself scarce. Seems like the honchos over at MTV were fully aware of how awkward it woulda been having Katy pitch the video premiere of her longtime pop foe ... with whom she hasn't officially buried the hatchet. Taylor wasn't in the house Sunday ... she won Best Collaboration for her song with Zayn Malik, but neither came up to accept their award.  As for her video ... well, it sorta speaks for itself. Check it, Kanye.
Taylor Swift's new music video wasn't the only thing worth looking at during last night's MTV Video Music Awards ... check out what was going down backstage. Rappers were hanging out with pop stars ... Katy Perry was doing crazy costume changes and Ellen was posing for pics with EVERYBODY! The award show itself didn't have any angry Kanye interruptions or Britney Spears dancing with a snake -- but there was still plenty of action behind the scenes at the moon man ceremony.
The MTV Awards were a big hit Sunday night with celebs who eyeballed it at The Forum ... to a person they had high praise. We got Jared Leto, Mel B, Heidi Klum, Post Malone, Joe Jonas, Shawn Mendes, Nina Dobrev and Jessie J at the Republic Records and Cadillac party at TAO after the ceremony. They gushed over the show. BTW ... some of them were mum on Taylor Swift's music video. It's kinda like ... do you really want to cross Kim and Kanye?
 "Straight Outta Compton " actor R. Marcos Taylor -- who played Suge Knight in the flick -- allegedly went on a rampage at a New Jersey bank, threatening to kill employees and lunging at police. Cops say they were called to a TD Bank August 8 to handle an enraged Taylor. We're told the actor had an issue with a bank card and needed a new one, and he was hostile from the get-go. A witness tells us Taylor threatened an employee, saying,  "I will f***ing kill you. " Cops say when they arrived, Taylor squared off in a fighting stance so they pepper sprayed and then arrested him.  Taylor was charged with terroristic threats, obstruction of justice and disorderly conduct. It's been a rough month for the actor. TMZ broke the story ... he was arrested August 9 for assault after allegedly attacking employees at an Italian restaurant. He claims they were the aggressors. 
