Katy Perry dodged a Taylor Swift bullet at the VMAs -- even though she's hosting the show -- 'cause she was nowhere to be seen during the TV debut of T. Swift's new music video. Katy ducked out from introducing Taylor's new single  "Look What You Made Me Do " Sunday during MTV's award show ... managing to steer clear of any mention of Taylor once it ended.  The show came out of commercial and went right into Taylor's video with just a generic PSA on the monitors at the Forum. Afterward,  "Blackish " star Yara Shahidi came onstage to introduce a performance for Shawn Mendes.  Through it all  ... Katy made herself scarce. Seems like the honchos over at MTV were fully aware of how awkward it woulda been having Katy pitch the video premiere of her longtime pop foe ... with whom she hasn't officially buried the hatchet. Taylor wasn't in the house Sunday ... she won Best Collaboration for her song with Zayn Malik, but neither came up to accept their award.  As for her video ... well, it sorta speaks for itself. Check it, Kanye.
Katy Perry just hired a bunch of HUGE athletes for her new music video -- everyone from Rob Gronkowski to Karl-Anthony Towns ... even Joey Chestnut!!! It's all for Katy's new  "Swish Swish " video -- which all takes place at a basketball game, with Bill Walton and Rich Eisen announcing.   Some of the highlights ... Katy  "Kobe " Perry takes on the guy who plays The Mountain on  "Game of Thrones " while Chestnut slams down hot dogs in the crowd.   Gronk holds a sign. Karl-Anthony busts out the  "Backpack Kid " dance.  Good times. 
Looks like Taylor Swift and Katy Perry's bad blood has finally been mopped up -- 'cause Taylor's new album throws no shade her way ... like, AT ALL. Our sources tell us TayTay's 6th album,  "Reputation, " is devoid of hate or trash talking directed at her longtime foe. Anyone expecting another epic slash at Katy is going to be sorely disappointed. On the surface it seems as if Taylor is taking a swipe at Katy. In her new song,  "Look What You Made Me Do, " Taylor sings,  "I've got a list of names and yours is in red underlined. " It appears she's making reference to the movie  "Mean Girls, " where Regina George's picture is in the burn book with the words,  "She is a fugly slut " and underlined in red.  Katy raised the issue in a tweet directed at Taylor back in 2014 ...  Watch out for the Regina George in sheep's clothing... — KATY PERRY (@katyperry) September 9, 2014  Our sources say Taylor's album lyrics have nothing to do with  "Mean Girls, " Regina George or Katy. Katy has recently said she wants to end her feud, so now it's all on Taylor. The mystery ... we're told something big will happen at the VMAs ... and reading between the lines it would not be surprising if Katy and Taylor appear onstage and publicly bury the hatchet. It makes sense ... Taylor will probably dig that hatchet right back up and go after Kim and Kanye.
It's now obvious Taylor Swift's been sharpening her lyrical knives during her hiatus -- she whipped 'em out for Katy Perry AND Kanye West in her new track,  "Look What You Made Me Do. "  Tay Tay just dropped a music video for the track, and the lyrics leave no doubt who she's attacking. She sings,  "I don't like your little games ... don't like your tilted stage " in the opening verse -- a clear reference to Kanye's last tour. Taylor also clearly refers to 'Ye calling her a bitch in,  "Famous " --  "The role you made me play of the fool ... no, I don't like you. " The 2nd verse seems to be targeting Katy for their feud over tour dancers -- and she plays off those snake teasers she's been posting. They're all over the animated music vid. The track is dripping with revenge shots like ...  "Maybe I got mine, but one day you'll get yours " and  "I've got a list of names and yours is in red, underlined. " It's always the quiet ones.
Taylor Swift's new music video wasn't the only thing worth looking at during last night's MTV Video Music Awards ... check out what was going down backstage. Rappers were hanging out with pop stars ... Katy Perry was doing crazy costume changes and Ellen was posing for pics with EVERYBODY! The award show itself didn't have any angry Kanye interruptions or Britney Spears dancing with a snake -- but there was still plenty of action behind the scenes at the moon man ceremony.
Taylor Swift's new song,  "Look What You Made Me Do, " isn't a jab at Katy Perry, it's meant purely for Kanye West and Kim Kardashian. Taylor dropped her first single off her upcoming  "Reputation " album Thursday night and called out Kanye in the opening verse, where she sings  "I don't like your little games ... don't like your tilted stage. "  Our sources tell us the song is definitely targeting the Wests, who Taylor feels betrayed her by releasing their now infamous phone convo. Taylor's side of the story has always been ... they discussed the lyric but she never approved Kanye calling her  "bitch " in  "Famous. " We're told Taylor feels she was backstabbed by the couple and there will be more not-so-subtle hints in the official music video, which will debut Sunday during the VMAs.  Taylor released a short clip that zooms in on her sitting on a throne ... with the inscription,  "et tu, brute. " When the disses turn Shakespearean ... you know it's serious.  It's a famous line from Shakespeare's play  "Julius Caesar " when Caesar is being stabbed to death and recognizes one of his pals, Brutus, is in on it. The phrase is now meant to symbolize backstabbing. Taylor still played it safe for the video. She could've gone with  "Et tu, Kimye? "
The MTV Awards were a big hit Sunday night with celebs who eyeballed it at The Forum ... to a person they had high praise. We got Jared Leto, Mel B, Heidi Klum, Post Malone, Joe Jonas, Shawn Mendes, Nina Dobrev and Jessie J at the Republic Records and Cadillac party at TAO after the ceremony. They gushed over the show. BTW ... some of them were mum on Taylor Swift's music video. It's kinda like ... do you really want to cross Kim and Kanye?
Taylor Swift's wasting her time -- and more importantly the world's -- with stupid secret jabs at her rivals ... according to songwriting legend Diane Warren. The rumor is Taylor packed her  "Reputation " cover art with hidden messages targeting the likes of Kanye, Kim, Katy and probably an ex-bf or 2. Diane, whose rep as maybe the most prolific writer of pop hits speaks for itself ... hints Swift should be focusing on her music.  Diane, for one, clearly ain't interested in busting out a magnifying glass to delve deeper into Taylor's beefs with celebs. DW dismisses it as seriously  "petty s**t " -- and also reminded us ... The Beatles did it better. Paul is dead. Look it up. 
