[music playing] INA: Fabulous zucchini pancakes that are always the answer when you can't figure out what to do with all that zucchini. Need about two zucchini, usually large ones from the grocery store. Or I'm doing four small ones. So the first thing I want to do is add some red onion, about two tablespoons of grated red onion. OK, two eggs-- just like making pancakes. I use extra large eggs. Just give it a quick beat to combine the yolks and the whites. OK, right in. Next is flour. And it really depends on how wet the zucchini is-- about six to eight tablespoons. This is pretty dry, so I'm gonna try starting with six. What I find is as it sits, if I don't cook it right away, gets a little wetter. So I'll add another tablespoon of flour. OK, one teaspoon of baking powder so they rise nicely. One teaspoon of salt-- want them to taste good. Half a teaspoon of pepper. OK. Give it to big stir and just see how wet it is. OK. This looks pretty good, actually. OK. Time to make the pancakes. So, big pan. I like to combine olive oil and butter, then you get the high burning temperature of olive oil and the flavor of butter. I like to just use a big tablespoon right out of the drawer and just put heaping tablespoons right into the hot pan. You can make these as big or as small as you like. But I like them just about that size. Zucchini can be fairly boring vegetable. But I like to do it lots of different ways. I roast it with garlic, grill them. So these look about done. It's two minutes on one side. When they're nice and brown on that side, flip them over. And actually, you can also tell like pancakes. They get little bubbles on the top. And that's how you know they're ready to flip. The nice thing about these is you can actually make them in advance, about 30 minutes in advance, keep them warm in a 300 degree oven. I hate making something just before dinner. More than 30 minutes, they'll be soggy. OK, perfect. Two minutes on that side. I'm just going to get a plate. I have to try them. Now this is my idea of eat your vegetables. I can't wait to taste one. A little salt. Mm. Mm, that's so good. The zucchini's delicious, actually. It's not boring at all. And you can really taste the sauteed onion and the pancake part. This is going to be really good side dish for dinner.