[music playing] I'm going to preheat my oven to 400, because I'm going to do my asparagus bundles in there. Although you could do this whole meal on your outdoor grill no problem. I'm going to use my slotted broiler pan that I never use for anything. It's perfect for this. I'm going to grab a couple of bundles of asparagus. I've got 1 pound and 1/2. And some bacon, some applewood bacon. And I've got a little bit of fresh thyme. That's going to be for my burgers later. I'm going to grab some shallots, too. I know I'm going to need those for my burgers. I'm so excited about this meal, I just don't know where to begin. OK. Well, I guess I'll begin with the asparagus bundles. I was trying to think of what to do with the burger that didn't involve a lot of starch, because everybody's eating, you know, the Atkins, and the low carb, and the no carb, all that kind of thing. So one of the good things about many of those diets is that you get to eat a lot of bacon. I think everything in reason. Don't go nuts with a pound of bacon. But a little bit adds a lot of flavor, and it's great on the grill. So I'm going to wrap my asparagus in the bacon. And I need to know where to take the tip of the asparagus, where it's going to be nice and tender. So I just hold it on both ends and give it a little snap. I'll show you a couple here. And then you just use that as a guideline. Now you could save this part for soup. No problem there. It's a good idea. Asparagus makes a lovely, simple soup. Especially with all those great store bought stocks you can use out there. Soup is just so quick and easy to make any night. I rinsed these off when I brought them home from the store. That's always a big time saver, right? Now let's just give them a snap. Cool. Now if you can only find really big stalks of asparagus that day, no problem. Just take a vegetable peeler to the ends and trim them down a little and they'll be perfect. And here you're just trying to pick up a method. This is just an idea for the method. You can wrap bundles of waxed beans, green beans, strips of zucchini, green onions. You can mix and match all those vegetables. But you want about this size. About 4 inches to work with here. I'm going to drizzle these with a little EVOO, extra virgin olive oil. It's good to go. A little salt and pepper. And why dirt a bowl? Just work right on the pan. And I'm going to get a quick count here. There's 5, 10, 15, 20. Yeah. I think I've got about 35, 40 spears here. So I'm going to divide by 4 roughly, and just grab handfuls. That looks about right-- of about 8 to 10 pieces. Well, it would be good if I opened my bacon first. Hello. Now, I like a nice center cut bacon or an applewood smoked bacon, because they come so nice and lean now. Look at that. It's gorgeous. Absolutely beautiful bacon. Slab bacon is fine. Turkey bacon is fine if you don't do pork. How simple is this. And any time I see something all wrapped in bacon like this, it just looks so formal and pretty, doesn't it? And there's nothing going on. Look how simple that is. And you could do smaller versions of this. Little half pieces of bacon and just a couple pieces of asparagus. It'd be perfect for a little party snack. And you know, you're going to find that if you do go ahead and roast the asparagus, or even if you grill it outside with the lid down, it's going to get this nice almost nutty flavor to it. It's a totally different experience from steamed asparagus. That's one of the neat things about cooking. You play around with the methods as much as you do with the seasonings, and you'll find a whole new taste experiences. Look how great that worked out. Oh, I just love it when a plan comes together like that. OK, let's get these guys in the oven. They'll go about 12 minutes or until the bacon gets nice and crisp. And of course, the fat will go right down through the slotted pan and drip away. Oh, I can't wait to eat those. That's so up my alley. A little squirt of soap. There we go. OK, let's get these little guys into the oven. They don't need a lot of muss and fuss. That's another great thing about this meal. It kind of takes care of itself, it babysits itself.