[music playing] OK. So now I just want to drizzle them with a little bit of olive oil, just 'cause it helps create that nice golden crust. Just a tiny bit. Give it a little moisture. And then I'm gonna put it on my hot grill pan-- [sizzling] so we get nice grill marks on it, just like that. While that grills, time to make the pesto. So we're gonna use some peas for the pesto. This is a little bit different. And we're not gonna add any nuts in it either. We're gonna make this really clean and really easy. One and a half cups of peas that I defrosted. And we need some garlic, and one clove is plenty. You want to flavor the pesto, and I've always got garlic laying around. And that's what's so great with all the things I'm making today, ingredients that you would have laying around the house. And you just kind of throw them together and create this really gourmet yummy meal. Get rid of that. I'm just gonna cut the garlic in half, and then the food processor can do all the rest. And we need a little salt and pepper. And now we need to grab some Parmesan cheese. We need to get it nice and cheesy. And I've got some pre-grated Parmesan cheese. And I just need about a half a cup, so we'll fill that right in there. You need some cheese to really bind the pesto together, and it gives it lots of flavor. There we go. So Parmesan cheese, we're gonna give this a quick little whirl. And then we're gonna add the olive oil. [processing] So let's add a third of a cup of olive oil. [processing] The pesto is done. So it's time to flip the bread, so that way, we get it nice and crusty on the other side. Let's see. Yep. And really, you just want some grill marks on it. And some of them will get darker than others. It's OK. So we're gonna let those just grill a little bit longer, just about a minute or two. And now, let me show you what I top the crostini with-- some cherry tomatoes. Now this just makes it look really pretty. When you bite into it, you've got the sweetness from the peas, but you've also got like that juicy sweetness from the tomatoes too. So this is what I do. I grab the tomatoes, little cherry tomatoes, and I cut them in thirds, and then just lay them right on top of the pea pesto. There we go. Grab a spoon, and I grab some of the pea pesto and just kind of smooth it out. And you can do as thick or thin layer as you want. But it's a cheesy, sweet goodness, just like that. And on the second one, there we go. Nice toasty bread. Awesome. Then I take the tomatoes and I put them right on top. And see how pretty that looks, the red against the green? It's mouthwatering, it looks so good. A few simple ingredients transform crusty bread into something truly gourmet.