[music playing] Let's start with the tilapia. We have this beautiful fish here. And we're going to make a sauce and grill the fish basically at the same time. So what we're going to do is make a version of a classic butter sauce, known as a beurre blanc in French. And what we're going to do is we're going to take some shallots. We're going to peel our shallots. And take some shallots, some white wine. Some lemon juice then some lemon zest. So first, we'll take the zest off. And you might as well squeeze some of the juice in there, too. OK. OK, so we're going to use our tilapia fillets. And the tilapia is a-- it's a white fish. It's very mild in flavor, but it has a nice density to it. It's a good, dense fish. Now if you can't find tilapia, we could use something like red snapper or halibut. Something along those lines. And we're going to just rub that with some canola oil, and salt, and pepper until we get it on the grill. Season it with salt and pepper. OK. Four minutes on one side. Give it a flip. Another four minutes, maybe eight minutes total. Now a flakier fish-- such as tilapia, or red snapper, or halibut-- is going to be a little tougher to grill than say, something that's in a steak form-- like tuna or swordfish. But the key to this is letting it cook so that it comes away from the grill almost on it's own so you can give it one quick flip. Just like that. We're going to cover this up. And we're going to let this cook. We're going to sort of keep the heat in there. And then really it should only be about maybe a minute and a half longer, and then we're going to take it off. Because we don't want this fish to overcook or the asparagus. So get our fish off the grill before it overcooks. And that's another thing that people say to me all the time. That they'd like to cook fish on the grill but they overcook it. Just take it off a little bit sooner than you think it's going to take. I mean, it's really going to cook almost in no time. OK. Now what we started here was some shallots, some lemon zest, and some lemon juice. And now we're going to add just a touch of heavy cream. Just a touch. This is a really good trick. It's a good way to stabilize a butter sauce so that it doesn't separate. Tricks of the trade. OK. And now we're just going to start adding a whole bunch of unsalted butter. OK. Let's go back over to the fish. OK. And now we could add a whole bunch of capers in here. And we can actually start to plate the fish with the sauce. Give it some flavor. [music playing]