Good evening Thank you so much for joining me yet again for another ASMR evening. Tonight I would like to do something that I don't do often but I hope to do more of and that is brushing and gentle touches over your hair, your skin your ears May I? I will caress your ears ever so gently if you don't mind I'm hoping that it could make you feel pleased You know this type of caressing and touching and brushing your hair or just some parts of your body is a type of social bonding Yes, yes, social bonding So we are bonding, you and me Yes it's a type of grooming So grooming is mostly when one living thing gives all of its energy and in a way sacrifices themselves in the moment in order to please another beautiful living thing It could be quite emotional but mostly just very very pleasant that's why both you and me love to have our hair brushed massages here and there, feels so good so I would like to do just that today, if you don't mind Especially for you. Because you are so special and I hope that it will make you feel special So I can do it up in the front of your ears like this and also behind your ears like that Let's try This is behind your ear like that that was like a DJ on your ear ok jokes aside So as of right now our society definitely pushed away from this type of social bonding and grooming is left only for very close people But before, our ancestors used to use this as the most important part of their social life... so unfortunately. Let me grab a brush A little fluffy brush We can just gently brush over you and your beautiful beautiful ears So because we are surrounded now by oceans, deserts, islands, enormous forests we don't get to socialize so much physically but we love to stay in touch and show we care so we have evolved a new type of grooming. Guess what it is. Guessed it? It is gossip. Yup Gossip is a type of grooming, social grooming you gossip to start conversations to feel like you are a part of a group to be accepted. So as long as gossip is not evil does not hurt someone it is a human nature and not such a bad thing after all. We just like to be informed and stay in touch with each other to make sure that we keep our social bonds nice and solid. so what's your gossip? what's been happening in your life? I guess my gossip would be, since you are asking, the most important thing I'm working on right now is moving. Yes I will be moving this summer and I am going to be moving to another state it's quite costly and very very hard to do on a distance so I've been working on that I have sold my car. Now I don't have a car. I use my fiance's car, if I need to. And I have to say it has been some of the most amazing times not to have a car payment. So I am shedding anything that's weighing me down Moving across the country Because it was my dream come true. And while it could be something that someone would call bragging I would not call it that. It has not been an easy or quick ride for me there But thanks to you it has been ever so pleasant You have been with me every step of the way. I groom you, you groom me. Like a real family. I always try to make sure that you know how thankful I am for you and how much pleasure this right here brings me. I know I can be goofy sometimes but I mean well and I truly feel that I am where I should be I'm doing what I should be and it's all possible only because hopefully you feel the same way. And we agree on that. And it makes me happy. sometimes it makes me teary but I won't cry No because it's all about you right now If you think about it our pets fall in love with us so quickly because we're constantly petting them showing them love we stop we concentrate all of our time on just touching them just plain and simple Giving your touch to anything that you love is a sure way to keep them around you. The more you're surrounded by people who love you like me it's true though the happier your life will be. There won't be anything that will be impossible. Everything will be possible. You will feel that the whole world is cheering you on. That you can do anything you wish. Just because you have people that care for you. Or animals, pets, who care for you too. They love you so much. All they want is the grooming time. Unless you have one of those cats. Okay, how about I brush your hair a little bit. I think that would be nice. So I will gently brush my nails like this through your hair, okay? I have to say I'm definitely one of those people who just feel euphoric when someone brushes my hair, oh my goodness. I really stop and think, and realize I should say, that this is what cats must, might feel like This is why they purr because it just feels so good If I could purr, I would. Purr purr purr And most of the time it doesn't even matter what exactly is happening with my hair. Whether it's being brushed or just someone is playing with it for no reason. or if someone's braiding my hair Sometimes even a little breeze little wind could caress my hair It doesn't happen often but sometimes and I would get great tingles from it. And I'm always so surprised. Does that happen to you? Let me do a little bit behind, just a scalp massage in the back right here. Okay, one at a time. Now this side, okay? I'll just do it gently on both sides, okay? Do you like it? Let me brush it too, okay? As always, we're going to use our old friend. How about we tap on it a bit. I'm going to just brush our beautiful hair now. And I will be quite gentle, okay? When I was little I think in earlier years I used to dread having my hair brushed It would always happen before I went to kindergarten and sometimes we were late so my mom would rush and sometimes be too abrasive but as the time went on I enjoyed it so much It's definitely a time where you just have this interesting connection with a person because you don't say anything you don't have to talk at all you feel another person is touching you and you feel them like, in you, on you. Isn't that fascinating? I always thought it was. Even right now I am brushing your hair and it might come off as if I'm actually with you. And I would be more than happy if that would actually happen. But sometimes you miss that bond with a woman, you know. Having another friend, a woman, a sister type of figure brush your hair That would feel awesome. I would love to feel that someday again. Well now I know why people have kids to make them brush your hair and pretend like they're a hairdresser and so forth. How do you like it so far? Good? I'm going to blow hot air into your head and clearing all the bad thoughts Did it feel fun? Let me brush in the back of it too. I hope this was pleasant for you Now I'm just going to touch my background a little bit and it sounds like a cat purring in a way as well as ocean waves so I thought it could be a different sound for you. I liked it when I heard it. So let's try it. I don't actually know if you hear it or not. I really hope that you do.hello everyone it's me he is a female and today I'm going to be coming very close to you and whispering the rest of the video in your ears I wanted to introduce this video this way because in a moment you're going to see a cutscene and I'm going to shut off the automatic focus so that you don't hear that little chirping when the camera focuses when I move so today we are going to do some quotes that I really really like some of them are from shows that I enjoy some of them are from video games and others are from people in real life I'm not going to tell you where they're from if you really like one I want you to google it and look into it I thought that'd be kind of fun fun way to share with you okay so see you in a moment I'm going to get all up in your ears and try to think all your face off I should look worried to you now when I get close my eyes should be in focus success is not final failure is not fatal do continue you might have hurt these won't in some of my other videos I like my things that I love in my videos as easter-egg some of you are really great finding a brave man acknowledges the strength of others it's not in the dog I really really enjoy that quote have someone who is do I think it's pretty great for anyone to remember that your heart and your courage and your determination play a huge part and I was drawn you are and let you feel accomplished courage is found in unlikely places there are so many ways to be brave in this world sometimes bravery involves laying down your life for something bigger than yourself or for someone else sometimes it involves giving up everything you have ever known or everyone you have ever loved for the sake of something greater but sometimes it doesn't sometimes it is nothing more than printing your teeth through me and the work of every day toward a better life that is the sort of goods are really good to remember you don't need a huge breakfast to happen in order to be brave and sometimes driving through and continuing just keep swimming and story would say sometimes that swimming is brave in itself mind your breath us first bottom line is even a museum coming you're not ready for the big moment but it does so what are we helpless love it no the big moments are going to come you can tell that it's what you do afterwards that comes that's when you find out who you that's for my really great show the hardest thing in the world is still evident walking this road without you to remake forgotten promises my heart may be weak and sometimes it may even given but I've learned that there's a light okay if you feel tired I want you to close your eyes and go to sleep you can always come back to this video and listen to ideas it'll always be here for you but if you're tired I want you to close your eyes laughs and just let me talk you to sleep quiet here and the world isn't very loud here so I want you to take this opportunity and rest I promise I won't put any subliminal messages into fly you're sleeping like Sailor Moon is the greatest show ever don't worry okay I'm massaging here I'm scattered dream that's like a far-our memory I want align the pieces on yours and mine if you live to be 100 I want to be 100 - one day so I never have to live without you that's really really sweet from my beloved childhood show which we're going to now in a second piglet sidled up to poo my boo he was burned yes piglet nothing taking booze in I just wanted to be sure of you there is nothing I would not do for those are really my friends I have no notion of loving people by halves it is not my nature when someone loves you the way they say your name is different you know that your knee in their mouth promise me you'll always remember you're braver than you believe and stronger than you seem and smarter than you think friendship is unnecessary like a philosophy like art it has no survival value rather it is one of those things would you give value to survival for the next page I'm going to blind you and go from my ear to ear so you won't be able to see me and it might add some anticipatory why did you do all of this for me yes I don't deserve it I have never done anything for you you've been my friend replied Charlotte that in itself is a tremendous thing greed when I was a boy and I would see scary things my mother would say to me look for the helpers you'll always find people who are helping are you doing okay if you could only sense you may never even dream up there is something of yourself the child in me does still and sometimes not so still in the external scheme of things I love you I'm proud of you I forgive you I'm good we don't make mistakes just happy little accident I like animals that's okay though I have more fun than most people sucking at something is the first something life is scary and dark that is why we must find the light I know if and when it comes along people make mistakes it's part of growing up and you never really stop growing again man I don't want your damn limits what the hell am I supposed to do with these with the lemons I'm going to get my engineers strive not but rather value my heart may be weak it's not alone it's grown with each new experience and all with all the friends I've made you become a part of their heart just as they become a part of mind and they think of me now and then they think of me and don't forget me and our hearts won't be one I don't need a woman my friends are my power you can't break a man the way you do it all horse harder you beat the man the dollar he stands the right man in the wrong place can make all the difference our home is where we are fireplace art is not relevant only where we choose to go together how many are there in you whose hopes and dreams to you encompass could you but see the eyes inside Rome the mind in your mind you would see owlet we share the last one is my personal favorite quote it has resonated with me for a long time I learned it in college I was reading a book about genocide and it was said by an anonymous survivor that's what the book said it was it stuck with me because it's something that I tried to live my life by and I always have even though I didn't know my whole life and I think that it's very inspiring and I think it is very brave especially in the context of which it was said I speak my mind because biting my tongue makes my pride bleed this video is shorter than my usual videos and that's because this wasn't really plan I just wanted to give you guys something while I was working on my it's a little different Oh then I know I do I hope you guys and I will see you soon with my different roleplay my advice to you would be probably not to trust the character I'm playing just saying I'm not really sure about her she has her own agenda so until next time Wow hi you by have you ever had a granular examination before I can be a tad lengthy that's because we want to be thorough there's nothing to worry about not going to hurt you your solo dancers okay so let me have a look at you just going to come in take a quick look at your eyes your face let me so we'll look I hurt hereright hey hi how are you it's good to see you the girls in the salon said that you're going to a wedding okay the evening reception right well what are you wearing ah sounds good okay well that would go really nice with your new hairstyle you would well in that case why don't we go for a 40 stock yeah well that would be um defined eyebrows and winged eyeliner with a smokey eye and red --let's yeah how does that sound okay I think that it would look perfect so are you ready okay ah my first question is did you cleanse your face thoroughly today you did did you scrub it hmm okay well all I have to do then is use my facial wipes to just remove the excess oil from your skin let's go so I just Oh with you forehead cheeks mine eyes and chin side there we are I'm just going to blow your skin just do try it quickly for me that's right so I'm going to start with some moisturizer and then I'll move on to you primer and that's because if you're going out all night wearing foundation if you have a good primer underneath it'll disturb a stop that's right so when the cameras on late at night you'll still look good I have some Aubrey organics green tea and ginkgo which is fantastic real skin it's a long natural just apply that to your forehead first cheeks maybe half-wits tour - he is right so let's move on to the primer I like to go for bare minerals primetime I find it's the most reliable and it feels so nice and silky on your skin you just need a very small amount and I just spread that do my fingers I won't will you rub it into your skin I will just glide it over the top just like and only on the forehead cheeks chin down you're okay you feel that it's so silky isn't it so we don't really rub it just gliding it over oh yeah I'm next I'm going to use some Mac Studio Fix foundation and orgo fluid normally for daytime I would suggest using Bare Minerals but for the evening we probably need something slightly more hard-wearing should we say so again just a little bit on the back of my hand I'm going to use this stippling brush it's not too big just small enough to fit into the creases I just distributed evenly around the brush and if I apply in very small circular movements around your face we will create the airbrush to look like that perfect all right so that's your foundation so let's move on to your eyebrows they look very tidy so I can tell you look after them so all I'm going to do is just define them a little bit by filling in spaces and brushing them out just to shape them alright and the other side so to film in I'm going to use a mic penultimate brow marker it's a bit like felt-tip pen actually but it's perfect just to and in the spaces between you eyelashes do define them and make them appear more for just small strokes to blend it in with your eye real and next I'm going to move on to eyeshadow and we're going to go for a smoky smoky eye as I said um first I will start with got this palette here it's a matte palette the base for your eyeshadow will be this one here I like to color and then fill the crease going to go for this very dark and blend it in to create your smoky eye this is the I'm filling you eyelet with this color I'm also going to just in the corners this widen your eyes makes your eyes appear nothing they're not bright or anything you have very beautiful eyes okay and for the crease I just left my brush here just press it into your crease because I want quite a dense color I have a blending brush here and fighters go in circular movements just around the edges of the dock to blend it that's how we get a smokey eye lovely and next we have our eyeliner and this one is black it's very fine perfect to achieve a nice thin line for the nice point on your wing so for mascara which is next I always go for benefit they're real not only because it's good mascara but because the brush just little bit on the end and that helps me to get right into the corners and cover all the eyelashes okay and the button scooters I think you're going to be happy okay before I move on to your lips I'm going to use some bronzer just to contour your face and brighten your complexion like so good to go down your nose and your cheeks and your forehead and your chin and for that I'm going to use my bare minerals this is the bonsai it's called warm finest works product just gosh - jinx hand down your nose and your chin and then we move on to the last thing which is your red lips and I have a red lipliner which I will use to define the shape of your lips first and we will blot it out a little bit as well because we really want this to last all night so I will define your lips with this I've got some red color here now do you have a red lipstick at home that you can take with you you do because you're welcome to take this one if you like you will need to top up later on okay now you can take this one no problem at all one more okay this has a really handy applicator and if you look closely you can see that's the applicator is loaded every time so you always have enough to do the whole of your lips just one more layer oh yeah you look absolutely amazing stunning you really do you're gonna have a fantastic time good for you so here is your read if you pop this in your handbag you can top up later on all right so you have a fantastic time yes take lots of pictures and anytime you want to come back to have your makeup done that's no problem I'm always here yeah if you go to another wedding or a party or just anything really any excuse come back anytime all right you take care I'll see you again seeGood evening This video is going to be quite simple I'm going to use all things that have to do with sleepy time I'm going to speak very softly and very slowly and hopefully that will help you relax deeper and Hopefully make you somewhat sleepy the first thing we're going to review is a pillow Something that you cannot go to sleep without This pillow has different embroideries on it With coins and sequins attached as well as pieces of just threads and disturbed fabric pieces and it is just an introduction to this It's quite soft And it makes a nice tingly sound I don't know how relaxing that is, but I would like to make a suggestion that has to do with pillow You know sometimes you might Have difficulty falling asleep and Nothing is helping you So there's something that you can do you can lay your head down on the pillow Ear down and Glide your hand right next to yourself on the pillow Ever so gently glide and this will sound like ocean waves Simply recreates the effect or a shawl when you put it next to your ear and you listen to it and it sounds like ocean waves This is very similar amplifying technique I create a natural white noise sound And this slower you do it The more relaxing it gets I suggest you try that it feels very nice You know soon to a similar thing When you lay on your back like this, and you can glide both or your hands On each side either one at a time Or together Let me give you an example Doesn't it feel good? creates an nice smoothing sound Plus just gliding your hand over it could relax you as well so try that The next object we have is a wonderful blanket It is so soft so squishy So soft so squishy Let me rub it on your cheek And the other cheek Feels good so soft And we're going to tuck you in Let me open it up. [yeah], and I'm going to wrap it around you Just put this over your shoulder in here And the same thing on this side now And just tuck it into here so it stays Let me just tuck it in under your chin Now you're all snuggly Swaddled like a baby, snug as a bug So I'm going to massage over the blanket a little bit I'm going to massage your neck I'm going to give you a squeeze on your traps like this ten-second squeeze That is so awesome I'm going to rub your chest circular motions right here and your shoulders on both sides And I know you're going to enjoy it And as I do that, I would like to tell you about the benefits of this So anytime you feel warm as if you've been hugged or touched anytime You feel loved You release a wonderful hormone. That's a feel-good hormone And it helps you feel connected and loved and nurtured Often makes us feel invincible like nothing can ever hurt us makes you feel protected and comforted and this wonderful hormone oxytocin Also bonds us together. Let me massage the shoulder on the side Just at the back of your neck, all of it And down your shoulder here too just scratch a little bit for you seems good Let me take care of other shoulder too Wonderful and you also can Release or help release that hormone yourself to yourself Why? Massaging your hands Massaging your feet, legs, shoulders. Just touching yourself here and there Rubbing it creating sensation as if you're being touched sometimes having warm baths or wrapping yourself in a heavy blanket can recreate that sensation as well and the benefits of it is that it helps you stay healthier because it Increases your immune system therefore you stress less and you get sick much less It also promotes good sleep Because it just makes you feel comfortable and inspires positive thinking Makes you feel good You're not stressed Therefore you see the world a little bit brighter with a little bit more positive touch to it And hopefully that was helpful to you Now I'm going to squeeze your traps And that is very nice and deeply relaxing sensation? What I'm going to do is I'm going to grab your trap on one side at a time like this between my fingers And squeeze it for 10 seconds It sounds a little harsher than it is But it will truly relax you It will relax your shoulders, your neck your head, the rest of your body we carry a lot of stress in our shoulders and our neck So let me do that let me do this one first I'll do it from the side of it And I'm going to count to ten One Two three Four Five Six Seven Eight Nine Ten And release. It feels good? Let's do the other side and again I'm going to squeeze it One Two Three Four Five Six Seven Eight Nine Ten and release it Good? Wonderful Massage your neck here too and you'll be feeling warmer and more snug I'm going to move in move up to your face Your temples your cheeks let me just fix it up right here stuck in your feet here Okay Everything seems to be good in here too try to fix it up a bit and the same thing here just making sure everything is tucked in Wonderful, so now let's get to your beautiful face so you know there are different types of headaches and Rubbing temples you can help with two of them one of them is vascular constrictions that means poor blood circulation and the second one is muscle tension which this will help with both of them We're going to start by first placing my hands on your temples And I'm going to press it for 10 seconds and then release it one two three Four Five Six Seven Eight Nine Ten and now I'm going to do very slow gentle circular motions To loosen up the muscles on your temples help release the toxins from your lymph drain spots That are on the sides right here travel into the neck to your armpits So you would drain your lymphs from the middle of your face to the side and then you would drain them down the neck and then to the armpits so this will help So you break them up And it was so good now I'm going to press under your eyebrows and then pinch eyebrows like so Let's do it, ready? one two three four five six seven eight nine ten And I'm going to pinch them And this could be very nice also releases tension Helps to drain the fluids from your eyes and from the center of your face I"m going to rub your forehead a little bit just like that just gliding my thumbs off your forehead and very softly Continue on this side now This is for deeper relaxing usually isn't it? Such a gentle pressure very nice Now we're going to move on to your jaw muscle You have your joints right here that you use all the time Every time you eat open your mouth Every time you speak it works this muscle So you can only imagine how stressed it is for all this work Suggest you find it on yourself by opening up your mouth a little bit and You can actually feel it tensed up on your sides. It's usually about this thick so This is my muscle right here and Once you've found it are we going to do it. We're going to press Deeply with our fingers onto it And this will relax it Okay, so let me find Let me find your muscle here I'm now here Okay now I'm going to press and hold press and hold feels good? Press and hold Press and hold Press and hold And I suggest you doing this from time to time just to have yourself relax And the last thing we're going to do is we're going to try tissue massage and That is a technique, and I saw a lot of asmrtist use as well as people online and a way to do it is to brush it over your face like so It could tickle your face a little bit And also the Crinkle sound can help your relax As well as this helps you close your eyes faster So hopefully this is relaxing Also play with the background here GoodnightHello, my name is Maria. Welcome to our experimental studio. I'm very happy to see you today! So, today we're going to be testing something. And it's going to be two different shampoos. I'm hoping you're going to enjoy it. So as you know there are a lot of different types of hair care items available on the market. And, while some of them are natural, a lot of them have very unnatural chemical ingredients. And that's why we are going to compare it today. We’re going to take one shampoo that's fully natural and one shampoo that has more chemicals in it. And we'll compare the results as we go along. We're also going to be writing down some notes for myself and for our data I hope you don't mind. So it's also going to be quite a pleasant experience. May I? A lot of our clients really enjoy these sessions because they're not just relaxing, they can learn something as well. So I hope you sit back, get comfortable, and enjoy it. In a second, I'm going to analyze your hair, too. Okay? Good. promise you I'm going to be very careful and attentive to your hair, your skin, and just you overall, too. ok so you can trust me We're going to start with analysis of your hair. Okay? and, um, I'm just looking at the level of elasticity and checking your strands for weakness, of the hair follicle and any concerns you might have I'm going to get up and just look on the side, okay. its just a bit easier for me this way you can imagine what it's like when you were in school and you had nurses come in to check for lice. Quite a similar experience. except I'm not looking for that, but it's a similar procedure. very good Let me come on the other side too, okay. Ok, I'll do the same thing here, and again if you could just relax and take it easy I'll try to take care of you here you have very nice shiny hair I don't see any extra oil production, that's very good I'll straighten down your hair a bit so it looks more neat. and... *writing sounds* I have not found any breakage or split ends. There is a lot of shine in your hair. Not a lot of oil production normal hair good and elasticity is good not really any concerns right ok so I'll split your hair into two parts right now, long-ways this way, and I'll just twist it and clip it and im going to wash I'm going to wash part separately each part separately we're going to analyze it separately so now let me introduce you to the actual shampoos that we're going to be using The first one is of a popular brand; it is easy to find it pretty much anywhere however it does has a lot of chemicals in it and sometimes they could be harmful, such as parabens. Parabens is a type of preservative that is produced chemically. And in large amounts can acquire in your body and cause harm may even help development of cancer but I'm not going to be a Debbie Downer. If you wish, you're welcome to read up on it. does mean that an emergency and you need to panic just something for your information it is something for you to be aware because we want to stay healthy and beautiful for as long as we can right so we just need to search for better options things that we can change that can help you now lets have a little wiff of it and test the smell, i don't want to shock you, so i am going to squeeze the bottom a little bit creating a puff of air, like this. just around you, so you can sense it and not be overwhelmed by it, okay enough? Good so um did you smell any harsh scent, um any umm any chemical scent in it? okay and overall was it a pleasant smell? or neutral or a negative? okay, now onto the next one yes the next one is quite interesting it is a shampoo that has castile soap, have you heard of it before? castile soap is a very natural product, it has no parabens it is not tested on animals, it has no animal ingredients it's quite umm moisturizing actually and umm has only butters and oils in it everything is very natural this is quite a universal versatile cleaner, so it's not just for you hair washing you can use it not just as a shampoo, but also as a body wash and a skin wash you can wash dishes with it, wash clothes/laundry, adding to the laundry, you can even wash the floors what it does, it doesn't strip away the surface oils that we need for our skin to be healthy to stay hydrated, so it helps it, cleans it, but keeps it still moisturized and neutral also this particular one has peppermint oil in it, so it's quite a refreshing, very invigorating scent it could help you wake up, could give you a little tingling sensation all over your body , because its peppermint *puffs of air* I am covering the brand name , so that it does not come off that I am anti a brand, or for a brand its more of a class and type of soap enough ok so the same questions...would you say that the scent was a harsh scent? ok. um do you think it had strong chemicals of any type? Yes, it's essential oils it's quite a pleasant, very natural scent, that is very nice, I agree ok and overall did you like the smell of the shampoo? pleasant, neutral, or negative? ok very good so now let's go ahead and go to hair watching station where I will shampoo your hair very nice and gently and they were going to dry it up and come back here okay? Just to see the effects of it, the results. Ok, let's go Good? Are you comfortable? yes. Neck is fine? yes. to be using this shower hose are you okay what's that thing once you come back to me ok okay good good i was trying not to bother you too much talk just want it here to really relax and prepare it now like you so did you enjoy did you like stone and first shampoo do have still chemical behind it okay about the phone phone ten have you do you feel lighter on your hair good you had me just now you're nice and dry yeah so nice okay that's good you're welcome to come back relax if you want to finish up your people and your game baby so go ahead and close and i'll be ready there was no I mean more burning sensation right think just me case there's a shinwelcome to this video which we dedicated to the people that like they're touching the microphone sounds so I have a few different objects so I recently purchased a couple of brushes that's one of them that's quite nice you can just brush I came out with it I have another one here something a little bit different I have my time s art stick which I might try and use a little bit of and one of my own Road packets and I thought I'd try something else I got like a little time yeah and I got a few other bits and pieces around so get back relax I'm going to try and keep the sounds as soft as possible I don't want them to be too strong if you want a stronger one let me know and I'll do a stronger sounding one so we're just going to start off with the brushes so I think the brushes are definitely going to be one of the best types of sounds when touching the microphone so it's just as simple as me brushing the microphone just like this just made by video and now I'm just brushing just very gentle strokes what's such a soft brush it's so much like your massage strokes so what we can do is just spin the brush gently just like it's touching you're tickling and Roxy soft delicate hair from the brush just touching you in the very gentle almost feels like I'm brushing everybody watching this video right now just imagine you being here right now and just tunings brush of your face and your ease and it's very relaxing just imagine rotating this brush just this malicious so I might come back to that bright mmm this one here it's still very soft but it's a little bit more firm I will just try running over the marker pine there's a very gentle just using just the edge of the body just a touch I'm just a grayish then the edge of the microphone so relax just delicate touches this brush is just soft so I'll just bring it back to you that way you can hear it more clearly you relax soft rotation around stick I wanted to try some of just the smooth texture of the wood the micro-fine see what that sounds like we're gonna move back to the brushes this is the part this is gonna help you fall into a complete relaxed tight so just listen to the sound of my bars as I'm a little bit proposal to you we're just gonna go through a little bit of relaxation listen and more force somewhere is very relaxing in the rainforest in the mountains with a fire on the beach with a nice gentle sound waves just comfortable as you sit down you're in a position now just recline back and feel completely relaxed you feel the muscles in your face slowly relax far just imagine this brush running out of your face it's Dutch bring in your wives relaxation and you feel the muscles in your face just relax and you feel that relaxin sighs just slowly floor your face those feelings and that happiness with you or UI satisfaction happiness spirit board you must be satisfied now you gotta sleep and relax and when you wake up you will feel refreshed happy and ready for the next dayjust before I start to trigger our moment of relaxation in the future just don't ring it too loud people might be trying to dis late [Music] hello hola meet you up welcome to feather aviation it's time to get you ready for takeoff you click the call button so I am here to help I can see you need assistance even if you don't see me well how could you look at all this obscuring your vision this is a whole lot of fear I need to cut this away because it's not letting you see clearly it's ok to be scared but when it builds up like this it's hard to get your bearings there you are hello my name is Heather and you are stuck that's okay everyone gets stuck from time to time I'm here to help you spread your wings so that you can fly again let me take a look around you to assess the situation all right you're in good hands I promise don't you worry I am a specialist and all things adherent agglutinate resinous tenacious stubborn unshakable and trans agenda in short I can get you unstuck but first things first let's take everything weighing you down off of you so I have a scanning want it finds things that test your mettle and I'm going to set it to baggage we all have it but sometimes we can misplace it and it can be hard to locate green lights on I'm just going to wave it over your body until we find what we're looking for okay let's see what we have here disappointments everyone carries these around every so often accepting them doesn't mean loving that these things happened it just means that you're acknowledging that they occurred and organizing and storing them in a way that won't continue to weigh you down I'm going to place this on the scale you can clean them after we're done or you can let them go in the meantime I'll print a baggage claim ticket in case there's anything you want to take with you when we're finished now I can't assist you with unpacking this that's not my department what I can do is put everything you own in this box to the left all right we'll continue looking just waving the wand slowly up and down and across what do we have here the steaks with meat or others have made against us these are never much fun it's good to keep these in mind so that you learn from them but you don't need to take this with you everywhere it's too heavy too you know have to travel late I like to think of us as scientists believe his research figure out if there are positive results that you've gotten from each situation and take those with you instead those are much later to the next one uh-huh Oh trauma I will handle this one with care don't worry these are very important they impact your perspective stages of development expectations so many different things they're kind of like a ripple effect we don't always see how far the ripples go the problem is when they aren't a source of strength and become a hindrance they used to make you who you are but they don't have to define you that's a lot for one person okay looks like we got everything so we'll need that anymore before I continue I'd like to offer you a complimentary beverage I have a nice ice-cold glass of spite for you okay okay so now I need to check your fuel gauge so please hold cell for me oh okay this needs to be addressed for sure so let's refill your heart container so that you can keep on keepin on I see you keep this locked up tight not to worry I hold the lock and I hold the key I always have a spare set a brand new heart container for you so I'm just going to pour the fuel from this into yours all right stop it off hold onto the container and I will lock yours for safekeeping perfect it looks like you are chained to some things and security not to worry feather aviation flight attendants are always equipped with the proper instruments after all safety is our first priority I'll just cut the jeans so that you are free to move about the cabin of life sometimes we get paralysis by analysis and end up staying very still well everything builds up around us and then you feel surrounded by this looming mountain of mess let's take everything you want to leave behind and chain it down so it can't find its way back to you the only way to get up in the air it might take a while and it might not be the smoothest takeoff but you can make it down that runway and it'll be much easier without these chains please sit back and relax while I show you a few things that will make your flight a safe and comfortable experience your seat belt will keep you from harm to fasten flay's the metal end into the buckle until you hear a click pull the loose end to tighten to open pull the top of the buckle in the unlikely event of an emergency landing set the life vest overhead and bring the belt around your waist buckle to inflate use the oral tube you also have a whistle should you need to attract attention don't be afraid to call for help should you need it should there be a rapid change in cabin pressure an oxygen mask will drop place the mask over your nose or mouth with the band over your head and breathe normally just breathe last but not least your wings you burn knees open them on you I believe you can fly okay you all ready for takeoff I'll see you in the skycan I help you I know that it's out there and it can be tiring walking around the museum especially if there were crowds to compete with but this area is for employees only you can go down the hall and you can set up a tour with a door group or get on the phone pamphlets with the museum directory on them at the information desk oh I might have a spare one of those hold on one moment my desk is a little bit cluttered let me see sorry I'm not usually in this room so I am unfamiliar with the territory you can sit if you want to rest your feet relax when I look please save you some time I can find it and some energy normally I'm a tour guide actually until I was to post you know there's a difference between being able to recite facts and loving what you're talking about and I love what I talked about here letting go so the tiniest little building blocks working together just the right circumstances to create elements and amazing life forms I just feel lucky but I get to know about them and see what we came from as a Hornet one nurse you know and sometimes I feel so lucky that I need to touch the exhibit I just want to touch time you know feel things that are amazing if I'll never get to see why sometimes I get in trouble for touching them and I get put in an office my name is Heather what's your name nice to meet you sorry I'm not having much luck finding a pamphlet for you I found the museum storage room where they keep all the specimens that aren't currently on display that could be a pamphlet there who's to say there's not you know what you look really tired you stay there sit I'm gonna go take a look in that storage room for you and maybe find you a pimple it okay just stay right there I will be right back look so I didn't find any pamphlets but I found some really cool things look at this this is a giant squid big penis Arceus lives in the deep dark depths illusion oh let me see the picture for you mmm-hmm like the Honda isn't my strong suit I'm more suited to puzzles good all right so largest giant squid ever recorded what is 43 feet and weighed almost a ton but it's estimated they can grow a 50 to 60 feet long every human illusion I rival the size of many if not most whales really know about them largely comes from carcasses that washer but in 2012 Japan's National Science Museum they recorded alive it's giant squid and its natural habitat they were the first to mention giant squid way back wait way back in the fourth century BC someone named Pliny the Elder wrote about a massive squid in his natural history he said it had 30-foot long tentacles and lead seven this big it was still part of a time so I could cut through steel cable giant squid like others would have two eyes which are enormous I have size of a human head or a dinner plate they have a beak eight tentacles two feeding tentacles on their very very very long and they're tipped with hundreds of suckers with very sharp teeth on the suckers not teeth like you or I have let me see if I can draw your burger use this use this predicate the suckers are just a circle and then we have these little spikes all around them and there are hundreds of these sharp points on the suckers they don't look like much but they are so sharp they can leave deep scars in the skin of sperm whales as they're fighting to escape the whale's mouth as for Mouse League translate here have a closer look so the giant squid is a lady armed sprinkled with these two and tried to use suckers and the transport their prey from the beating tentacles to the sharp beak hmm this may look small to you in this form but well it is attached to the squid there's white muscle the size of a softball so now I'm doing the peak and the beaks are so strong as I stated sperm whales eat giant slide I know this because we find the giant squid beaks in their stomachs they don't break down it's sort of amazing they are difficult to scratch dent-resistant fractures the combination of properties that they are made from makes the beak harder to deform than many metals and polymers and that's pretty amazing because the big itself doesn't contain any minerals or metals it is made solely organic chemicals which makes it a marvel of precision by ordinary attaint squids eyes are the largest in the animal kingdom allowing them to see a dark of the ocean and if we were to go down there we would see nothing it's black but they can see lots of things including bioluminescent prey as well as things we might not even know about yet secrets the squids brain is shaped like a direct and its esophagus runs through the donut hole in the middle the main part of the body is called the mantle it contains all the basic organs and on the body's underside the undercarriage is the funnel it's also called the siphon it pumps water and other fluids it's sort of a multi-purpose tool it allows the giant squid to go through my jet propulsion exhale legs expel waste and of course squirt you want to see what else I found let me put a picture I'll give you a hint it's another creature lips stingray I've haven't stingray tail spine stingrays live in shallow post waters there's sort of like cats and that they spend the majority of their time inactive they bury themselves in the sand and their coloration blends well with the view for camouflaging them from predators like sharks or larger rays they have pectoral fins on their bodies and then their tail trails behind those vism they move through the water by undulating their bodies like a wave or flapping their wings the tail might be used to maneuver a little bit but its primary purpose its protection I mean look how sharp look stingray spine or barb can have serrated edges and very sharp point and they can produce the venom which can be fatal to humans the venom can remain deadly even after must embrace death and they can possess one or more barb stingers on the tail which I use and solved events the stinger may reach a length of approximately 14 inches and it's two groups with venom glands let's see how long this one is almost eight and a half inches the Stinger is covered with a thin layer of skin called the integumentary sheath and that's where the venom is concentrated Neal Therese and porcupine raise to not have stingers though stinger these are not aggressive and interactions with human bee stings chemica if a ray is accidentally stepped on in greek mythology Odysseus the king of Ithaca was killed when his son telegonus struck him using a spear tip with the spine of a stingray if you're concerned about being stoned in shallow water you can shuffle your feet as you wait in the water that way they will be startled by you and they can move along without any complications stingrays use their sense of smell and electro receptors which are also called ampullae of Lorenzini so you Fanta they grow something lies holes of him in cartilaginous fish like chirps these electro receptors or my network Delafield pores that help fish distance electric fields and water even if they cannot see the Braille stingrays feed on mollusks crustaceans and other small fish they bear 5 to 13 young per litter and they bear live milk here's something really interesting at the sea life London Aquarium two female stingrays have delivered seven babies even though they weren't in the presence of a male for two years scientists say that rays can store sperm and not give birth until they decide the timing is right is not incredible it's so sharp it's incredible dear I think someone's coming I have type of stuff running the papers okay so you're going to make a left out of this office I'll draw you a map don't worry people get lost all the time it's not a big deal you're gonna make a left out of this office you're going to follow my way all the way down hello dr. grant once you get to the end of the hallway you'll see a set of stairs go up those stairs look to your right you'll see another hallway with a sign that says restaurants go towards that hallway follow it down and also on the right you will find a store and that is the lost and found all right not a problem let's go from one thing to another yeah this is really cool and heavy this is a Stegosaurus tail spike Stegosaurus was a large dinosaur I lived about 150 to 155 million years ago and Western North America let me show you a picture sorry good okay Stegosaurus lived in the Late Jurassic period it's body with the size of a bus in it had two rows of bony plates on its back I made it appear even bigger how you below so massive it had a brain the shape and size of a hotdog Stegosaurus means roof to lizard and I got that name because nineteenth-century paleontologists believe that the plates on its back or flat like roof shingle and plates are made of a boney material called osteoderms and they have your head lattice like structures and blood vessels and scientists debate about the purpose of the osteo terms plates they're also called scoops sometimes it's believed but they were for temperature regulation other scientists believe but they were for display purposes display purposes meaning species identification or trying to attract a saucy stick as far as my Stegosaurus had spikes at the end of its tail here have a look scientists begin pulling the spikes a go misers after a far side cartoon showed a group of cavemen pulling the sharp spikes angle misers it is believed that these spikes were used for defense against predators because about 10 percent of spikes found or damaged at the tip and scientists have found Allosaurus fossils who Stegosaurus is main predator with puncture wounds from tackle misers allosaurus looked similar to tyrannosaurus rex but it existed millions and millions and millions of years before Tyrannosaurus Stegosaurus wasn't herbivore unlike other big dinosaurs like Triceratops Stegosaurus didn't have strong jaws or grinding teeth its jaws only allowed for up-and-down movements and its teeth were rounded Stegosaurus had a very very weak bite thicker than a human being spiked but it had cheeks which gave it room to chew and store more food sort of like a gigantic scaly chipmunk Stegosaurus most likely ate well like bushes cycads ferns mosses tree stars conifers and even fallen fruit since we're talking about eating let me show you this this is a Nile crocodile is elliptic it's it's the second largest extant reptile next to the saltwater crocodile can grow up to 20 feet long in almost 1,700 pounds the lives in sub-saharan Africa and the help Aysen and even in Madagascar and rivers and mangrove swamps Nile crocodiles have nictitating membranes let me show you a picture Lichter tating membranes are very thin what's translucent membranes that very commonly found on the eyes of reptiles and birds they protect the eyes from dust and debris and also help the eyes retain moisture oh no crocodiles holes lab lacrimal glands which means they do in fact cry crocodile tears but the tears are used to clean out the eyes one closer look Nile crocodiles other nostrils eyes and ears on the top of their heads so the rest of their body can remain concealed under water I can stay underwater probe to thirty minutes a friend and if they stay very very still they can hold their breath for up to two hours they have an ectotherm a metabolism so they can survive for long periods between meals the diet of the Nile crocodile is diverse to say the least they will eat almost anything that crosses its path fish zebras small hippos porcupines Birds other crocodiles or stalks baboons giraffe capable Oh young elephants hyena cheetah African all hugs tackles leopard lion ostrich pythons antelope gazelle water buck bush buck Impala City Tonga kudu Thames pop sable antelope wildebeest and it will scavenge carrion that's another word for deceased Nile crocodile can eat up to half its body weight in a single feeding it is an ambush predator and can wait weeks for the suitable moment to attack don't mistake them for being slow they are agile and swift on land and order you're capable of bursts of speed reaching seven to eight miles per hour on land and 19 to 22 miles per hour and water they have a powerful bite and sharp conical teeth allowing for a grip that is really impossible to escape their ability to apply high levels of force for long periods of time allows them to hold pry underwater especially large right however the muscles responsible for opening the mouth are very weak and can be held shut by a human being their mouths are filled with 64 to 68 teeth on each side of the mouth there are five teeth in the front of the upper jaw 13 to 14 the rest of the upper jaw in 14 or 15 on either side of Florida hatchlings little baby crocodiles have a hardened piece of skin on the top of their mouths and that's called the egg tooth we use that to break through their eggshells at birth but as they grew they lose that mother and father Nile crocodile parents guard their nests until their eggs hatch and they will often roll like gently in their mouths to help patching babies emerge despite their massive sizes another park the topic is null larger than that of goose which there are a lot of eggs in that storage room even prehistoric one editing crap though this is an ostrich egg the ostrich is the world's largest bird it also happens to be flightless it's a resident of the African savanna and desert areas its species name is camelus because like a camel an ostrich has long neck long fluttering eyelashes the ability to tolerate higher temperatures and go for extended periods of time without water ostriches get most of our water from plants that they eat they eat roots seeds insects given and they also eat sand stones and little pebbles so that it can help grind the food and their gizzard ostriches eat their food they collect it in the crop of their mouth until it makes a big enough lump for them to swallow their intestines are 46 feet long that's how they can absorb as many nutrients as possible even though they're flightless ostriches are strong runners they can run 43 miles per hour given chicks that are one month old can run 35 miles per hour they use their wings like rudders to help them change direction they can cover 10 to 16 feet in a single stride each two-toed foot has a long sharp claw and their legs are so powerful their kick cannot kill a human being or even other predators like lions alpha males maintain these herds and mate with groups dominant n and other friends in the group wandering males I also mate with hens but not with the dominant pen all the group's hens place their eggs in the dominant hens nest but hers are given priority in the prominent center space so they have the best chance of hatching even though the eggs are combined each female can identify her own eggs the dominant ten and male take turns incubating the egg more eggs hatch in the communal nest and interpret nests that each would need to be incubated and protected each egg weighs as much as two dozen chicken eggs an average six inches in length let's see how big this one even though the egg is so large they are small in relation to the size of the adult on the eggs hatch after about 35 to 45 days the male primarily defends thatch Ling's and teaches them to feed but the female will join in every now and then as well when needed ostriches do not bury their heads in the sand when threatened ostriches will lie low and press through next to the ground to become less visible their plumage blends with the environment and from a distance it gives the appearance that they have buried their head on machine that's all I can manage to take with me today but I cannot wait to explore that sort drone you see you have to admit it would be more fun if I had someone to show the specimens to do do you think you would want to come back think of it as a tour of the museum walking I'll even give you a pass so that you won't have to pay an entry fee here I hope that you'll come up and see me sometime it'll be our secret Shh the park is open this isn't for tileHello my friend. Welcome to this Russian themed relaxation video, in which I have prepared some tools and objects that are brought all the way from Russia for you, with love. From Russia, with love, for you. And, we're going to play around with them. See if they could be relaxing, and see if you will enjoy them. So, how about we start? Okay. So, this wooden brush, is my favorite. Yes, you can see an engravement of a magic bird on it. In Russia, we call it: *Russian word* Repeats *Russian word" Lets do a little bit of fast tapping. However, my favorite thing, is having a gentle tappings in one ear, and gentle whispers in the other ear. It is such a soothing, lovely, combination. What do you think? Do you agree with me? Whispers in one ear, and then gentle tappings in another ear, makes you so sleepy. Tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap. The sounds of the soft wood, unfinished... ...unpolished wood, without treatment on it, sounds so unique; so soft. It has this very interesting "clickiness" to it. I do enjoy to squish and smoosh the brush as well. Squishing and smooshing it... ...makes it sound... ...almost like you're massaging somebody's head with it. But there is no head. No, no, it's just my hand. I will do a little tapping behind your ears like this... ...if you don't mind. Whisper and tap all into one ear, So soothing. And now this ear as well. I hope this is pleasant for you. It could be a little intense, but please stay with me. This could be enjoyable. Yes. And the same smaller brush, also a wooden brush, but this one has some berries on it. But it's so cutesy, I can keep it in my pocket book. In my pocket book. I believe this berry is called a *Russian word* Repeats *Russian word* Which is your equivalent of "currant". (spells) C-U-R-R-A-N-T Currant. (spells again) C-U-R-R-A-N-T And it sounds, just as pleasant and beautiful. Let's listen to it together. So, so good. Let's squish and smoosh this one as well. Squish and smoosh. So in Russian this is *Russian word twice* And the brush is called *Russian word twice* Brush *Russian word* Brush *Russian word* So, these are called *Russian word* Repeats *Russian word* twice. And these are toys that you give to kids, that distract them with the sound. And in old times, people used to cut bark off trees. So this is wood bark. This is particularly is a birch tree, or *Russian word* And, they would mold them into these envelopes, and put a few pieces of dried peas (spells) P-E-A Peas. And this will create the sound. So, let's do this all around us. Let's listen to how it sounds. So imagine yourself being a small child, and having to play with these, all the time. So imagine yourself being a small child, and playing with these. It's quite simple, but very genius. This toy is made out of bark, and dried peas, and then glued together. It rattles so gently. Very, very unique. Very specific sound. Let's try to whisper in one ear, and do the gentle rattle in the other, until you fall asleep. Is this working for you? It does for me. It sounds quite gentle. So, my dearest friend, please do fall asleep, please do, let go, and enjoy the moment of peace, and relaxation. I thank you for joining me tonight. I thank you for allowing me to helping you fall asleep and taking care of you Goodnight. *Russian word* Sweet dreams. *Russian word*right hey hello there and welcome to the sunshine Academy my name is dr. whispers red and I shall be conducting your examination today please take a seat so the reason why you're here with me today is to test your p.m. a PMA as I'm sure you can guess stands for positive mental attitude and today we will be examining your positive against your negative outlook how does that sound okay we will be going through a series of simple exercises please consist of multiple choice questions I will be examining your reaction to smell and with your permission of course I will be checking your ears and also your eyes is that Alright okay so if you would like to make yourself comfortable take off your shoes if you wish take up your jacket you're pretty we will begin so the time now is okay and your name yes okay that's what I heard so we will start with four multiple choice questions mm-hmm there are no right or wrong answers this test is all about you so number one you gain weight over the holidays and you find that you can't lose it do you say hey diets don't work in the long run or be the diet I tried didn't work number two your credit card is rejected in a store what is your feeling about this is it Hey I sometimes overestimate how much money I have or be I sometimes forget to pay my credit card bill number three I ask you to grow wings to fly and to pick me up a takeaway during the snowstorm what do you say hey ask me if I would like onions with that or B say get your own you lazy something okay all right and for you get a flower from the secret admirer the little voice in your head says a I am attractive to that person or B I am a popular person okay right here okay the next exercise we will be focusing focusing on your reactions to smell are you ready just come a little bit closer okay so number one here we have a used silk and some Jam take a smell which do you smell first the sock or the jam right and here we have some honey and a Brussels sprout take a smell which do you smell first the honey or the Brussels sprout okay get excellent right so now if it's okay with you I just like to check your eyes okay I have this here light pen and this will tell me very quickly if your happiness receptors are working just as they should let's go if you can just follow the light nice and slow oh yeah and if you just look into this light now good great and the other side look into the light good welcome great okay just lift up your chin for me please okay rest your chin on my hands right just have a quick look in your ears is that okay great okay next one excellent fantastic and what's important is your earlobes let me just roughly measure those yes your earlobes are actually imperative to your future happiness not many people know that mm-hmm the larger the earlobes the longer and happier life you will live that's true okay get on to a winner I think all right let me just make a note hmm you can just keep breathing for me right how would you say you feel right now relaxed excellent just feel your temperature good I'm happy with that you don't mind I'm just going to listen to your heartbeat how's that should be sounding nice and healthy now ready okay good sounds healthy Oh beat wasn't so bad now was it okay so one last question this class would you say it's half-full or half-empty good answer excellent all right so I'm just going to plate all of the information that we've gathered here today and I will get together a plan just for you specifically for your needs and I will send it to you you should receive it within two to three days please do call me anytime yes let me know how you feel and if you have any issues any questions ask away all right yeah just before you go there's one last thing I have something very special for you should you so wish to receive it it's an injection how do you feel about that okay I like to call it the bountiful booster just a little something to send you off on your way the ingredients include and I shall read this to you one shot of happiness two shots of bravery two shots of love and of course a drop of stop thinking oil how does that sound you okay let's go for it here it is this is what I prepared earlier for you here we go so if you could just roll your sleeves up for me song yes okay are you ready okay keep breathing through your nose out through your mouth Oh done how did that feel yeah let me dress that for you okay ready sure that's all right there we are done now you can leave the building feeling happy and refreshed a whole new start you'll be good to go alright so as I said I will put your clan together and send it to you within two to three days you will land on your doorstep any questions any queries just give me a call I'm always here okay when you're ready take your time please already Nazi yesthis was right hey and welcome to the ent clinic my name is dr. whispers right and I shall be conducting any necessary treatment for you today now I have been told that you have expressed an interest in ear candling said correct excellent well as you know it's one of the treatments we provide here as a method of earwax removal it's extremely effective in some cases I do however need to just ask you a few questions first to ascertain as to whether this is the correct treatment for you okay and if you don't mind I would like to have a good look in your ears as well thank you okay so my questions are is your earwax internal hard or is it soft okay right and do you suffer from migraines or headaches in general how often if so right okay and do you ever suffer a loss or reduction in your hearing mm-hmm right okay how about went swimming okay right and do you ever experience an itchy throat I mean when it's kind of itchy across the top and you feel the need to rub your tongue of course worth of your mouth yeah okay all right well that's fine so next I would like to look into your ears if that's okay well I have just the tool for the job you can close your eyes if you wish right I think I will start with this side mm-hmm side like okay that's all fine so if you are happy to go ahead then so am i I'm happy with all your questions I'm happy with the state of your ears I think that the treatment will be successful for you I think also that it will be nice and relaxing a good experience all around so would you like me to explain a little bit more about the procedure okay all right here we have an ear candle this is the top end and this is where I lied down here is the end that goes into your ear now the candle is placed like so and when it is lit it'll burn all the way down to this point when I will take it out stop it later on we can open this section here and just take a look at what we've removed from your ear now the way this works is when the top end is lit and candle is securely in your ear a vacuum is created which sucks all of the wax and the pollen anything else which may be in your ear canal open to this actually it's extremely relaxing very warming it has been described as very like sitting beside a fire nice and warm inside we quite often people fall asleep that really is fine you can fall asleep I will carry on with the treatment and when it is done now for your safety we will be using this it's basically plate covered in foil looks rather strange but it's very useful it will protect your face and also your clothes from the candle the candle is placed in here and as the candle burns the burned part okay you don't want that to fall on you how does that sound so if you're ready I will leave the room for about five minutes take your time get yourself ready you may take your shoes off you don't have to do but you may be more comfortable and lie down on the bed just to put your head on the pillow relax take a deep breath calm I will come back in cover you up we can get started so I'll leave you now when I come we can begin your treatment right are you comfortable excellent well you may keep your eyes open or closed whatever you wish but mainly I just want need to remain relaxed so let's begin we'll start by placing and then place this inside you'll hear how does that feel we just need to keep it in the same place just to retain the back now you start to feel the warm sensation good calming sensation as the flame moves down the candle it's slowly drawing all of the impurities and all the excess wax out of your ear canal and up into the bottom of the candle you may start to hear crackling noise don't be alarmed that's just the wax breaking up anywhere move embrace so now I'm going to start just very gently massaging that's right the candle is burning nice and slowly does that feel let's kid just that's burning nicely nice and slow so if you like that's the treatment and when it's finished we can open up the bottom of the counter and see once we've taken from your ear you should probably do this about every six months that's not as much you need that's fine you just wanna sleep close your eyes okay see you when you wake upI was right a hello thank you for coming in today please take a seat okay so I was told you've been in for a preliminary pointment already mm-hmm okay and yes what did they tell you to do right so you've been soaking your ears with olive oil for two weeks every day twice a day excellent that's great okay so that should make your job a lot easier today right mm-hmm could you just confirm your so name please yep okay great I have everything else your records are up to date from your last appointment so if you're ready and we can get started okay good so first I will begin by using my cotton buds to just clean the outside of your ears I will go very gently so no need to worry I'll just clean around the tops and just inside the crevices just that okay and once that's done we'll all be prepared then to flush out your ears but first I want to have a good look inside just to make sure that the work you've been doing over the last two weeks has really made a difference should hopefully have softened everything inside your ear canal and that will mean when I flush out your ears everything will just fall out very easily okay so let's have a look okay just a tiny bit of water on the club wall there just very gently clean the outside very soft and gentle on the outside just here the crevice is the around the top that should feel nice and cool oh yeah that's the first one now on the other side on the top we gently cleaning around the edge and again very gently in the crevice pay particular attention to the inside where any dry skin turd breasts and cluck nice and clean so now both of your ears on the outside are nice and clean my next thing is to just have a look inside down your retina make sure that any wax has been softened over the last two weeks I'm pretty sure that if you've been doing it twice a day using your olive oil be fine using my light right into the a canal I'll start with this here look good yeah that's good so looking the other ear oh yes mm-hmm well actually we have slightly less this year than the other area which is fine this year should take less time to do three right that goes back on there now I'm going to brush out your ears don't worry this is absolutely painless and seeing as you have softened all of your wax in either side really shouldn't be a problem at all everything should just flow out nice and easily okay so if you want to close your eyes you can just relax and just allow me to loosen up all the debris okay so this is what I'll be using it's a large syringe with a very very soft the tip just fits very snugly into your ear canal just in the top doesn't go to foreign and yes very small oh just to the funder this means that I didn't fill up the syringe enough warm water to rinse out urea okay and up the switch got some nice warm water here we don't need a lot I just through the water into this glass here then we won't have any mess so I'm going to start with to see how so when you're ready just relax you can close your eyes if it helps just focus on maybe the sound outside the room oh my voice the sound of the water and the water filling your ears okay deep breaths that's working beautifully remember this is the year that does the most in this one how does that feel good so that's cleared up quite a bit now let's try okay again I'll just fill up my syringe plus water here when you do again let's focus on the sound really well so coming out lovely yeah good yeah let me just have a little look inside see what we wanted to play there I'll check on this side okay my line to get here we go look looks very good okay that's what really well there's still look a bit left in there but most of its come out okay good right well we'll probably have to do this one again but very small amount next year oh yeah that's fantastic this is cleared out completely that's a really good job really please so I'm just going to have another go on this side just little bit to get it just take a tiny bit into the syringe not too much just look and then again use the glass and that's it it's coming out it's officially loose so that doesn't need a lot check that it should be fine see oh yes all done that's great that really has worked pleased with that excellent great and how does that feel can you hear me better good okay well all I need to do now is take some more cotton ball and I will remove any more debris from just along the outside anything that's fallen out I could see little bits already and I'll dry off your ears once that's done you're free to go okay some got balls here first of all I'm going to wet them just a little bit so that I can clean any residue again cleaning me outside when I flushed all debris that got stuck on the outside a few lives should be next I use to dry pieces of got more just here I'll just dry the outsides of your ears okay try the outside of your head any remaining water he's gone Hey I look just down your neck excellent great job he must feel good all right nice and dry excellent okay so that's it all done I'm glad you came in that's really good and also thank you for following our instructions and continuing to so curious for two weeks I know it's not easy but it's definitely worth doing so next time you feel the build you feel you need to raise cleaning again just okay all right well thank you so much for coming I'll see you again youthis right hey hi it's M here I'm here to remind you a few things you already know about yourself but you forgotten about them just a little bit lately I'm your friend and I want you to know I care about you I care about your well-being and your welfare your happiness and your sadness I need to remind you how strong how beautiful you are inside and how kind thoughtful generous you you're such a good friend you're happy all the time you smile all the time even though you may be feeling down you smile because you can't bear to give out sadness into this world and change someone else's day for the worse you want to make people happy and you deserve to be happy yourself don't ever forget how special you are and how important you are to everyone around you the strength that you give to your friends and to your family is appreciated and they love you everyone around you loves you some people need you and some people just love you everyone deserves to be happy and you are no exception don't forget to look after yourself feed yourself well make sure you have relaxing time just for yourself helping people is a good thing but you must also remember to help yourself because if you don't look after yourself you won't have enough energy to do the things that you want to do with your life make sure you get some exercise it doesn't have to be hours and hours in the gym it can be 10 minutes walking up and down the road anything as long as you get some exercise make sure you eat breakfast breakfast is very important drink lots of water and get to bed as early as you can and rest because tomorrow you are going to need all the strength that you can get and if you take care of yourself you will have that strength and any situation that arises you'll be able to deal with and deal with effectively because you are strong and healthy and happy take and smile every single day even though you might be feeling a little bit down any thoughts that pop into your head thoughts may be negative throw them away you don't need them you need positive thoughts positive energy and positive people in your life if I love every day as much love as you can find from the deepest depths of your soul throw it out of there and what you'll find is that love comes to you from all angles every single day whatever you give out to this world you will get back 10,000 times more love yourself and love others love is the most important thing you will ever learn and receiving love it's the most important thing you will ever learn give and receive know that you deserve it take it use it store it stick it in the oven bake it and feed it to your friends feed your family and feed it to everyone love is everything and you have got tons away inside of you you are happy you are positive and you are so beautiful take care look after yourselfis right a hello and welcome to your hearing test how are you right okay well let's try and make this a nice relaxing process shall we will take your time I think okay so first of all I'm going to ask you some questions very simple questions and then I'm going to have a good look inside your ear canals and check everything is in good order after that I'm going to pop some headphones on you and we will begin the hearing test I will play some sounds into your ears it's very simple but I'll explain a little bit more about that as we go along okay right so my first question is do you have any problems with your hearing okay and do you often listen to loud music Oh quiet sounds okay is that for a living or is it for recreational purposes recreational okay and could you tell me is there a history of hearing problems in your family at all okay excellent very well answered okay all right time for your otoscope examination I'll just get my handy tools I just wear my gloves just to make sure I've washed my hands but still fresh tip just going to pop this inside your ear and have a look inside your house I can see that in the rear please tell me very very tiny looks fine to me it's important that you will be a canal so nice and clear so that we can go ahead with the test and take off my gloves and I will pop the phones on your ears and we can begin the test now once you are happy nice and comfortable I'll hand you take your button and you will hear sounds through the headphones and two ears every time you hear a sound just that's all you need today okay every time you hear a sound and once we finished with the sense that is the end these are your headphones super comfortable just going to let's see here I'm going to talk about my nose the sound of okay you're hearing testes - all right just going to take there you are you nice and relaxed yes quite relaxing so you are free to go when you're ready and I will get all the information together and compile a full report it takes quite a while so I'll get it all together and collect all the information we have from the computer every time you press the button it sent a message to my program so I'm going to go through all of that and yes I'll put everything down in the report and then post it to you okay I can also send a copy to your GP as well if you want right okay send one to your doctor lovely so it's been nice to meet you I'll see you again soon hopefully we do offer lots of different services so do come back excellent alright well thank you I'll see you again soon then you take care safe journey home good goodbyespread a hello my name is doctor whispers red and you've been sent here for a respiratory exam okay so that means today I will be checking your lungs good so this involves me first of all taking a look at you from a distance and then with your permission if you don't mind then I would like to come a little closer and just examine your father okay thank you great so if you're sitting comfortably then we will begin right so first of all I'm just going to let me look at you you just sit up straight for me thank you okay and could you take a nice deep breath in and out thank you and again deep breath in and out again thank you okay and could I just have a little cough good right no I just like to have a little look at your hands so if you could just pop them straight out for me okay do your the hand okay good and could you please just bend your hands back for me like so okay great thank you I'm just checking there for any tremors everything seems to be fine okay now I just want to take your pulse so if you can just don't hurt your hands okay good are you feeling relaxed good okay great excellent all right now just come tiny bit closer and I'd like to have a good look at your neck so if you can just um lift up your head for me that's right good alright and just you can just look up for me and can you look down and up again and open your mouth for me thank you I provide and stick out your tongue great thank you excellent right now I'd like to have a listen to your heartbeat hmm this may feel a little cold to start with right okay it's alright good I just just breathe breathe in and out again and again now I'm going to just have another lesson all around your chest and each time I move my stethoscope could you please say 99 that's right Thank You 99 Thank You 99 good and again 99 good thank you once more 99 thank you tap on your chest if that's okay right now in a moment I'm going to just stand behind you and just have a listen to your chest on the back and the first of all I'm just going to it's okay with you place my hands around your ribcage okay that's alright thank you when you addy good take your breath breathe in breathe in breathe it you're doing really well excellent all right so I'm just going to stand behind you you can sit forward slightly that would tell me okay so just all right so first of all I'm just going to have a feel of your glands it's okay I'll just place my hands on your neck just feel them okay and that's it I'll have a feel of your back and just feel your chest as you breathe in for me again okay just going to with my hand down your back you could just take her breathing for me and breathe out and again breathe in and breathe out great so I'll just move my hands gain around your back and just time I tap game good and again okay and again because it a good excellent good and just going to have a listen using my stethoscope just warm it up again for your my hands just place it turn you back Hey again okay good great okay excellent all right you can sit back now and I'll come and sit upon to be when you're ready are you comfortable good right yet you just sit back that's right now could you tell me do you have any pain in your legs good okay and any pain anywhere else right right well we're almost finished I'm just going to have another look at your chest and ask you to do some more breathing for me yeah won't be long just have a little cleanup of my hands to stay top up I do like to regularly sanitize it's very important so if you could just relax for me I'm going to place my hands around your ribcage and ask you to breathe in and then breathe out for me slowly okay my hands are nice and yeah if you could just breathe in oh and breathe out thank you breathe in okay breathe out breathe in breathe out okay Walter all right everything seems to be fine what I'm going to do he's correlate all my information I've taken from you today and I'll put that all together and send it to you send the results to you by post that's right good okay I really don't think you need to worry everything I've seen today it seems perfectly fine to me so don't don't worry about it it's fine okay when you're ready get yourself together and if you just leave the same way you came in and remember to sign out to the desk okay thank you alright so when you're ready you can go thank you you never know we might meet again one day if you've got any questions any queries I'm happy for you to send them to me that's fine just message me and I'll get back to you good all right then you take care see you laterawesome University my name's are drop and is probably will aware I'm going to be conducting an experiment basically I'm going to be reading some scenarios to you over a set of microphones that are situated here at here and are maybe 50 it's time to your head what do I wanna ask you to visualize these scenarios as best you can well remaining cognizant of some of my instructions basically just opening you closing your eyes I'm going to be monitoring your pupil dilation well I'm reading these and because of this I'm going to have to be fairly close to your face so I hope you're comfortable with that what else yeah I guess you just start pulling this down please okay can you hear me all right good I'm gonna be speaking over the audio track okay I'll see you close your eyes this is gonna be scenario I want you to remember to bring by the way try to relax just you are certain discern listen deep breathing to relax both me and you so deep breath and the sound posh chatter around you this little clicking of utensils you sitting in a leather upholstered booth and I'm scaling restaurant waiting for your date oompah me don't few people here turn the lights on the ceiling above you does the parity light candles flickering on the table your hands rest on them in you that's bound in black candles cast someone July onto the table projecting wedges light onto it only along your hands the tap on the binding of the menu pick up the silver knife on a napkin to your side so he ain't glad up and down this causes a bright white reflective light to shine your eyes you watch this bright glowing up and down the blade look up don't see that your data's arrived you wave and smile waiter brings them over to the table and praise each other to greet one another recognize their unique and pleasant smell sit down at the table across from you it looks so good tonight eyes local to yours the lips part and they say so good to see you again I'd move to the next scenario please close your eyes you feel soft grass under your feet my barefoot you can feel the warmth soles of your feet you feel moisture infused blades of grass in between your toes keep this image in your mind don't open your eyes for me please it's a midday boneun you live near the equator the Sun is beating down on you you kneel down and plug up bright yellow flower from the soil you took it behind her here shield you face towards the Sun you walk along the grass clearing towards a group of trees you pass underneath the trees the shadow creates you walk between the trees you come across a ball down here's dark and deep boom gray somehow it absorbs all the sunlight all you see is the dark deep gray black kneel down it's the freshest purest most refreshing water you've ever tasted there are no signs of life in this pond just blue green okay under the next close rise again you hear your footsteps on the sidewalk 1 2 3 4 5 it's dead silent except for the midnight rollick like it away in the distance here is bitter cold our hands are in your pockets and your shoulder shrunk so your Rises terriers hold on to this image can your eyes in front of you stands a grand Cathedral its bells chime night as you woke up two massive doors grasp the handles and swing them open first flaming light raps from the entrance let go the doors proceed inside he comes heavily behind you squeezing the last with a light leading to the outside the cathedrals lights are off there are rows of candles walk up to the rose to your left move going from your pocket place it in the box move one of the previously burn matchsticks from the box of sand light it on the candle let transfer the flame to another you turn the match downward smother it in the sand you think of a certain loved one imagine the face as you stare into the brake handle it's Mexican close your eyes legs are submerged in tepid water city not cry out open your eyes it is moments before sunset the Sun says its final water is calm and serene the spider box jump on glass surface creating tiny ripples sunset glow blasts on the horizon and colors delight it's almost like lava it's so bright they like flecks on your face and caresses every curvature slip slightly off the dock into the water so merging your head just sink down to the water's dark burgundy and you let out a deep sigh and breath both streaming behind you as you sink into the darkness do you feel free do you feel afraid until next see want please close your audience you're doing fantastic just one more time you're the chirping of crickets as you walk down a dirt road you're a silent no traffic sounds just the cool breeze pressing your skin and dart your boots pulverize little balls of hard dirt every step that you do keep this image in your mind open your eyes the trees on either side of the dirt road are completely black someone's framing dance the night sky filled and scattered with tiny specks of light powerful eyes flit in and out of your periphery as you your noise and the brush and it startles you take a flashlight out pouch attached to your belt shine it or the sound came from a white rabbit - is our only way to the darkness of the forest you turn off your flashlight put it back in your pouch and turn around in front of you so much almost glowing ye to the skull it is low it appears almost as if it we're taking up the entire sky you can pinpoint every crater on its surface I'm just gonna bash it a naked-eye gloom okay that concludes the experiment I'm going to remove your headphones and get you to sign one final waiver before you leave youYou are on the perfect place. The perfect time right now. It is not coincidence that you are here today. because today I am going to be making Your love elixir for you. And then everyone, or most people, or a lot of people, will simply fall in love with you. Think I'm joking? Well I'm not. You will see in a minute. But first I'm going to tell you whats going to happen to you, because you're going to be overwhelmed by tingles. I have so many cute, little, glass bottles That you will be fiddling with I have some things to be making mixing sounds some spraying some face touching. It's going to be pretty amazing. So get ready and I'm going to start with you. OK, so as you can see I have many different bottles here for you. But actually today We're not going to make a love elixir for someone else because that's been proven that it doesn't work. But we're gonna do with you today is that we are going to make a love elixir for you to fall in love with yourself because then everyone will fall in love with you. Yes. Because you need to have that love for yourself first otherwise you'll be always chasing it outside You also won't look as desperate after this. You will truly, truly love you. So I have many of these cute, little bottles here for you. And they all have some magic mixture already. So I need to be taking some samples so we can be mixing it together and I'll tell you a little bit of about each bottle and what it contains in it. Just want you to know that I'll be taking some hair samples some skin samples and also samples from your ears. 'Cause we need some ear wax and if you think it's gross and I want to tell you that there are parts of you that maybe you like less and there are parts of you that maybe you like more. Look at this cute one. And you need to embrace all of the parts of yourself to include in your self-love. In order for the concotion to work, it will work. 'Cause we have all these beautiful things that I'm going to be mixing together. Going to spray it all around you and you'll be inhaling this beautiful mist that will be infused by all these beautiful intentions. So what we have here today for you. This is courage. And I will tell you in a minute why you need it. Because I will tell you what it really means to love yourself. And it might not be what you think. This is even better. This is audacity. So you may get some clues. This small one what is this? Hmm. Looks like fun. Maybe it's fun. And this one This one is sky blue. This is awareness. But before I get the whole alchemy started for you, I'm going to take the samples. And first, I need some samples yes. From your hair. So I'm just going to come a little closer. Brush your hair with it. So we can get. Great. I definitely think I got some. Perfect. This is a perfect one. I'm going to place it in this container for you. And soon once I have all the ingredients, I will mix them for you. So we can then put them all together and I can do the spraying around you. with all these beautiful intentions infused in this elixir that I'm making for you. So we've got the hair and now we need a little bit of your skin. So Hmm Just going to like, maybe scratch your cheek a little bit with my or maybe I'll scratch your cheek a little bit with this. Just gently. Like this. And I will see what we can catch, ok. Just pull. It can be like the tiniest, little amount. So tiny you don't even have to see it. But better if you make sure that we really get something. The skin is important. Because your self-love will get all the way into your skin and your whole being. Perfect. So we've got this. And now You'll like this one. See since you need to include all the parts into loving yourself including the parts that are maybe somewhat unpleasant. "Cause that's what true love is. You're going to love yourself, not when the conditions are perfect, but you are going to love yourself despite of anything. That's true love. And you won't try to look like someone else. You won't try to be like someone else. You won't compare yourself because you are so connected to your own love. And you don't really need to chase it outside This is what I've got for you And you know whats coming next so just relax for me. And I'm going to just get into your ears a little bit. Poke in your ear. A little bit. And just getting some q-tips to put in your ears actually. Just in case Because we don't want you to fall in the whole the whole of yourself. Ok. Ok and. I'm going to the other other side, to do the other ear. So just be patient with me. In fact I hope it doesn't tickle too much. As I said before, we don't need too much. Just microscopic amounts. because that's all we need to make the magic with you today. Alright. A little bit more. Ok. So, Just going to wipe it on the walls of my container. Making sure that we really got something. Ok. And now the important part Now I'm going to mix it all together. Then, I'll be using these various mixtures that I've already prepared for you infused with my intentions we'll be putting it all together for you. You know it's been said it is the wounded part of ourselves that becomes attracted to another person. An in a way that's good because the person who you're the most attracted to will probably piss you off. Did I say that? Will probably I mean, there is nothing else to say about that. but only to give you a chance to integrate your experience. To become even more empowered. But for that, you need to have a big dosage of self-love. And I will tell you what is self-love for me. I used to not understand it very well I used to think that self-love is giving myself nice baths and taking care of myself and of course that's a part of it. But then I discovered when I fall in love with myself the most and that's when that's when I take some risks. That's when I, when I become vulnerable. That's when I really expose myself. That's when I do all these things that are so uncomfortable for me. But once I do them I have so much love for myself and I want the same for you too. Little by little K So I think this is enough. Now I have this powder. That's why what I have here for you is courage. "Cause you will need that so much. The word 'courage' comes from 'the heart.' That's because the heart has everything to with love. And I'm sure you've experienced that before. When you do something that you've been avoiding and it's done. *Phew* You feel so good about yourself. That's your love right there. And we all have these things that we are avoiding. I'm going to take the master .bottle, which is this one. I already put some magic inside. So you can see It's got some spraying neck spraying, it's a spraying device. To spray. And I'm going to be mixing this all together for you. Then I will just spray you to sleep with it. And tomorrow when you wake up you will remember. There will be something different about you. But wait for it. So first Oh no, before I put it on I wanted to get one more thing. you will like this. I have this brush right here because you need to take a sample of each of these things. And I'm going to gently make a dot somewhere on your face. Ok. That's how you start making contact with all these magical potions. So this one will go over here. Perfect. That's it. And this one, audacity. Audacity you will need audacity more than anything. Audacity is kind of courage but even more. because you can go so much far- you can go so much further. There. You can go so much further than you ever thought. Once you stop comparing yourself. Once you stop caring what other people think. This is trust. I will tell you how to develop more trust in yourself. Which will decrease your anxiety very much. I just discovered it recently but it's not rocket science. K, a little contact with the blue potion. over here. Yay. K the last one, the small one so this one's awareness. I said this was fun. But but I think this was trust. Actually, it just looked like fun to me. This is trust. It's important that you have it. Right. Very good. So happy that you are staying with me throughout this whole procedure and now I want to tell you about trust. You need to build trust in yourself. A little bit more. Well, there's things in our lives that we avoid it because they are painful or uncomfortable or hard. I used to call them tasks. Tasks, and I;d put them on a list. And they never got done because that just doesn't sound any good to me. And then I realized that when I don't do those things that are important, then I feel very anxious. So I started calling them acts of love because those are acts of self-love and I'm sure you have some of those on your list. Maybe and invisible list as well. Because those can be some conversations that need to be finished. Some completion Something to do. And I know you have more fun things to do but those are acts of love, so morning when I wake up I think about them and I get inspired because I know that when I do them *psssh* I'm gonna be downloaded with this love for myself. So, I love doing those now and you will too. So let me mix all of these together. You get one drop of each. K That's enough. One drop is totally all you need. I'll mix it in a minute. So this is trust. Now, I'm going to put a bit of courage You already know why. Pink. It's beautiful and pink. You need two drops of this. Oh! Oooh you got like at least five drops Well good. You totally deserve it, you need it. Oh and also with the trust. You won't procrastinate as much anymore. However, people who don;t procrastinate they are more productive but people who do procrastinate, like myself, they tend to be more creative. "Cause some ideas simply need to marinate. So you will find the perfect balance. Oh what an interesting sound. So this is audacity. From now on you'll have this courage to really do all these things that before you thought they were just too daring. You just wouldn't go there. But, here it is, you need to go there. This is where a lot of self-love is. There. Take it. Take all of it. This is going to be so good. They also have different smells, I put some essential oils so it kind of smells like flowers and some trees. There's a bit of eucalyptus in the green, the audacity. That will give you that power. What was this one? Oh, yes. Awareness. Well the awareness is also tied to the procrastination. And just really distinguishing when you should procrastinate right and you shouldn't. Which actions, you should really take. But you don't have to take. When you are hiding because of fear and sometimes when you are just waiting. Because your pace is slower. So distinctions. Awareness. And the more you love yourself the more you'll be aware of what's going on. Because you don;t have to be hiding, and you don't have to be chasing all the love outside. Needing it from others. It will come to you. Once you have it for yourself. "Cause all the relationships you have are just mirrors for you. Right. Awareness. K Great. So this is it. Your powerful self-love elixir has been made. Before you fall asleep completely make sure you subscribe for my videos. Finally. Because I don't want you to miss any of my future videos. Right. It's been mixed. It's ready to land all over you. To cover you in magic, love. You can always remember to this video, whenever you need it. And you know that you need it when you look for love outside of yourself. "Cause you can never find it there. Not unless it's stolen away, anyway. But once you have it for yourself magic will happen and this is more than enough. Doesn't love smell so good? I love you too. That's why I'm making this elixir for you. Just to show you what I'm seeing in you. Well that's enough. Leave it to absorb into your hair and into your skin and have a beautiful night. Goodnight. Oh jeez.this was right hey and welcome to the ent clinic my name is dr. whispers right and I shall be conducting any necessary treatment for you today now I have been told that you have expressed an interest in ear candling said correct excellent well as you know it's one of the treatments we provide here as a method of earwax removal it's extremely effective in some cases I do however need to just ask you a few questions first to ascertain as to whether this is the correct treatment for you okay and if you don't mind I would like to have a good look in your ears as well thank you okay so my questions are is your earwax internal hard or is it soft okay right and do you suffer from migraines or headaches in general how often if so right okay and do you ever suffer a loss or reduction in your hearing mm-hmm right okay how about went swimming okay right and do you ever experience an itchy throat I mean when it's kind of itchy across the top and you feel the need to rub your tongue of course worth of your mouth yeah okay all right well that's fine so next I would like to look into your ears if that's okay well I have just the tool for the job you can close your eyes if you wish right I think I will start with this side mm-hmm side like okay that's all fine so if you are happy to go ahead then so am i I'm happy with all your questions I'm happy with the state of your ears I think that the treatment will be successful for you I think also that it will be nice and relaxing a good experience all around so would you like me to explain a little bit more about the procedure okay all right here we have an ear candle this is the top end and this is where I lied down here is the end that goes into your ear now the candle is placed like so and when it is lit it'll burn all the way down to this point when I will take it out stop it later on we can open this section here and just take a look at what we've removed from your ear now the way this works is when the top end is lit and candle is securely in your ear a vacuum is created which sucks all of the wax and the pollen anything else which may be in your ear canal open to this actually it's extremely relaxing very warming it has been described as very like sitting beside a fire nice and warm inside we quite often people fall asleep that really is fine you can fall asleep I will carry on with the treatment and when it is done now for your safety we will be using this it's basically plate covered in foil looks rather strange but it's very useful it will protect your face and also your clothes from the candle the candle is placed in here and as the candle burns the burned part okay you don't want that to fall on you how does that sound so if you're ready I will leave the room for about five minutes take your time get yourself ready you may take your shoes off you don't have to do but you may be more comfortable and lie down on the bed just to put your head on the pillow relax take a deep breath calm I will come back in cover you up we can get started so I'll leave you now when I come we can begin your treatment right are you comfortable excellent well you may keep your eyes open or closed whatever you wish but mainly I just want need to remain relaxed so let's begin we'll start by placing and then place this inside you'll hear how does that feel we just need to keep it in the same place just to retain the back now you start to feel the warm sensation good calming sensation as the flame moves down the candle it's slowly drawing all of the impurities and all the excess wax out of your ear canal and up into the bottom of the candle you may start to hear crackling noise don't be alarmed that's just the wax breaking up anywhere move embrace so now I'm going to start just very gently massaging that's right the candle is burning nice and slowly does that feel let's kid just that's burning nicely nice and slow so if you like that's the treatment and when it's finished we can open up the bottom of the counter and see once we've taken from your ear you should probably do this about every six months that's not as much you need that's fine you just wanna sleep close your eyes okay see you when you wake upIs that attached? Okay, I think this is it I cannot see, let me see Is it... Oh, now I can see myself! Okay Thank you for joining me today This is my video first ASMR session And my... people of authority have allowed me to make this video I'm very big fan of ASMR videos, I've been watching them for a big long time And you know some people may say that I'm a little crazy But I'm not crazy I just, you know, I just have some things to work on And... for now, I live in this house, in this room And it's great, because it has so many ASMR sounds in it One of my favorites sounds is the walls' sound And I have this walls all over, everywhere So when I bounce around, it makes a nice and crinkly sound I'll show you Sometimes I tap on it, like tap, tap, tap Isn't that great? Sometimes I tap intentionally like that But I know that I have to be quiet now, because it's a whisper video, it's a whisper video So I can get ready We're gonna do it like that Just like my favorite, Tony Bomboni does it Boopsie, boopsie, boopsie, boopsie, boopsie, boopsie, boopsie, boopsie, boopsie, boopsie, boopsie, boopsie, boopsie, boopsie, boopsie, boopsie, boopsie, boopsie, boopsie I feel your aura We need to cleanse it Okay I can feel it, I can feel we need a cleansing So... How about to start with this fan... with this hair dryer? And we will cleanse you... from all your bad aura, we'll just remove it all from you... Uuuuuuh And, plus is a very relaxing sound, I like to hear it in my ear like that So, let me start doing it, ok? I can... I can feel my aura cleansing A lot of ASMRtists do the kissing sound and I want to do them too I've been doing it right? ...That kissing sound that I like which is the blow dryer It is so good Okay I also like to listen to Dimitri MassageASMR He's my favorite too And... they allowed me to get the cubes I'm supposed to be whispering, I'm sorry So relaxing... Oh yes... Oh yes, this sounds so good... Good Do your hear that? You know it's Halloween... So things do happen Okay, so, I also can do this lovely tapping sound Tap, tap, tap It sounds like a very rapid... raindrops I'm used to do it in a more natural base I kinda suck at this lower one too I'm just so excited So thank you to Dimitri So, also, we can do spray You know... They don't allow me too many sprays, but this one they do, because it's stress management See? It is for managing stress And... you know I have issues with that So... I spray a lot And it's so relaxing... I hope you will like it too I'm ready, ready Oh god... You and me under the spray! So wonderful... So relaxing... It has some cardamom, cumin scent, rosemary... I saw this had lavender, but maybe doesn't help... I also love to listen and watch to Emma WhispersRed WhispersRed, WhispersRed, WhispersRed, WhispersRed, WhispersRed, WhispersRed, WhispersRed, Whisperserd, Red And... she has been playing a lot with slime So, they allowed me to get my own slime too Oey It is again Halloween, so I can play... with things like that I can tap We can make... a nice squishy sound It's more of a spanking sound, like this... This cute and slimey, makes a lot of that slimey, wet sound That is very appropiate for Halloween So... You look great in slime! I wonder if I look at... Oey! Well, nobody will know that I dropped it... If you don't tell anyone Don't tell anyone, please... I can do this gross stuff, look... Isn't that gross? It's pretty gross Okay... Also, you see they did my hair today, they did my makeup today, I look very pretty, and I'm going to cut my hair and cut yours too, if you don't mind I'm excited... So I can just brush... Most of the times brushing works for me, sometimes it doesn't, but who cares? We can just try to do our best, yes, and I can brush and kiss you too So I brush, and I cut See? I brush, and I cut I brush, and I cut Isn't that great? I can do the same thing on that side Now I can cut your hair too I can brush, and cut, brush, and cut, brush, and cut, brush, and cut, brush and cut, brush, and cut, brush, and cut... Okay I also just found... pretty cool sound It sounds like... a musical instrument I hope you enjoyed it Let's look at you any a little bit more, and look at me Oh, very nice, very nice, how much, hahaha So... You can look at yourself, how beautiful you are You see? I cutted your side a little bit here, and now you look very glamorous, and very beautiful Yes, yes... Mmhu, mmhu... So so pretty, so so pretty, mmhu, mmhu... Wonderful... Mmhu, yes, yes... Okay So that's it... I also don't have too many toys, so I sometimes have to play with different things that I just found laying around So, I found this, and it makes a nice sound. I wanted to share this with you It's a little bit hard to maneuver... ...that to make it not touch the walls Isn't that interesting? I found it to be so different, I hope you did too, And this thing is just like the one from the seven mile, where a little mousey mouse was playing with this, at a rat holder or a rat bricoler So let's kiss that too! Am I doing this right? I wonder if that's something you think it's interesting Okay... So now I'm gonna to read you a lil' book, since it's Halloween and we need something to... give it flavour, this is the book for us! I've found it and they allowed me to have it, and I'm very excited to share it with you... So, my sweetie, thank you for allow me to be a little bit crazy with you, I love you for that! Oh, I love you so much! Happy Halloween! Now let's read the book, and then I'll come back with more wall tapping, and wall squishy sounds... Squishy, squishy; tappy, tappy Okay... So... Let me read this for you Five black cats Five black cats on a dark, misty night, sit in a row beneath the moonlight One, two, three, four, five, and an itsy bitsy spider Beautiful! Five black cats on a shadowy street, looking around —who will they meet? Mmm, mystery! Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes... Okay... Moving on... Five black cats now out on the prowl, stop in their tracks at the hoot of an owl, and the owl says "hooo, hooo, hooo!", and a spider too... Spider web Okay... Five black cats, softly slinking around, suddenly hear a strange, ghostly sound. Whoa! What could that sound be? So mysterious, so mysterious! Five black cats, bravely swishing their tails, follow the sound of the low, eerie wails. Beautiful picture! And a spider around them Pumpkins there too... Very holiday-ish! Five black cats, to their great surprise, are watched by jack o' lantern eyes, and we have cool five pumpkins One, two, three, four, five... Just as many as the kitties Each pumpkin for each kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty Five black cats spot a tiny white mouse Scurrying into a spooky old house There's the little, tiny mousey mouse, right there Five black cats hear the little mouse squeak, then nudge open the door with a loud creak-creak Mmm, mystery! What could happen to them? Will they walk through this door, in the strange house? This kitty is very excited... He's so adventurous, you can tell... Five black cats creep through the empty rooms —At the top of the stairs, a dark shadow looms. You can see is a shadow, or a ghost Boooooooooooooooo! Do you think it's a scary ghost, or is it a very friendly ghost? I think he's quite friendly! Kitties are just running around... Five black cats get a bit of a scare As the flip-flapping wings of a bat fill the air. Flip-flap, flip-flap, flip-flap, flip-flap, flip-flap, flip-flap, flip-flap, flip-flap, flip-flap, flip-flap, flip-flap Flip-flap, flip-flap, flip-flap, flip-flap, flip-flap, flip-flap, flip-flap, flip-flap, flip-flap, flip-flap, flip-flap All of a sudden, someone turns on the light. What a surprise —it's the ghosts' party night Oh, look at that feast! A froggie, and friendly ghosts, and a cute skeleton, and a cutesy old witch, and itsy bitsy spiders as well, and the kitties having a Halloween feast What a wonderful story.I was right a hello thank you for coming in today please take a seat okay so I was told you've been in for a preliminary pointment already mm-hmm okay and yes what did they tell you to do right so you've been soaking your ears with olive oil for two weeks every day twice a day excellent that's great okay so that should make your job a lot easier today right mm-hmm could you just confirm your so name please yep okay great I have everything else your records are up to date from your last appointment so if you're ready and we can get started okay good so first I will begin by using my cotton buds to just clean the outside of your ears I will go very gently so no need to worry I'll just clean around the tops and just inside the crevices just that okay and once that's done we'll all be prepared then to flush out your ears but first I want to have a good look inside just to make sure that the work you've been doing over the last two weeks has really made a difference should hopefully have softened everything inside your ear canal and that will mean when I flush out your ears everything will just fall out very easily okay so let's have a look okay just a tiny bit of water on the club wall there just very gently clean the outside very soft and gentle on the outside just here the crevice is the around the top that should feel nice and cool oh yeah that's the first one now on the other side on the top we gently cleaning around the edge and again very gently in the crevice pay particular attention to the inside where any dry skin turd breasts and cluck nice and clean so now both of your ears on the outside are nice and clean my next thing is to just have a look inside down your retina make sure that any wax has been softened over the last two weeks I'm pretty sure that if you've been doing it twice a day using your olive oil be fine using my light right into the a canal I'll start with this here look good yeah that's good so looking the other ear oh yes mm-hmm well actually we have slightly less this year than the other area which is fine this year should take less time to do three right that goes back on there now I'm going to brush out your ears don't worry this is absolutely painless and seeing as you have softened all of your wax in either side really shouldn't be a problem at all everything should just flow out nice and easily okay so if you want to close your eyes you can just relax and just allow me to loosen up all the debris okay so this is what I'll be using it's a large syringe with a very very soft the tip just fits very snugly into your ear canal just in the top doesn't go to foreign and yes very small oh just to the funder this means that I didn't fill up the syringe enough warm water to rinse out urea okay and up the switch got some nice warm water here we don't need a lot I just through the water into this glass here then we won't have any mess so I'm going to start with to see how so when you're ready just relax you can close your eyes if it helps just focus on maybe the sound outside the room oh my voice the sound of the water and the water filling your ears okay deep breaths that's working beautifully remember this is the year that does the most in this one how does that feel good so that's cleared up quite a bit now let's try okay again I'll just fill up my syringe plus water here when you do again let's focus on the sound really well so coming out lovely yeah good yeah let me just have a little look inside see what we wanted to play there I'll check on this side okay my line to get here we go look looks very good okay that's what really well there's still look a bit left in there but most of its come out okay good right well we'll probably have to do this one again but very small amount next year oh yeah that's fantastic this is cleared out completely that's a really good job really please so I'm just going to have another go on this side just little bit to get it just take a tiny bit into the syringe not too much just look and then again use the glass and that's it it's coming out it's officially loose so that doesn't need a lot check that it should be fine see oh yes all done that's great that really has worked pleased with that excellent great and how does that feel can you hear me better good okay well all I need to do now is take some more cotton ball and I will remove any more debris from just along the outside anything that's fallen out I could see little bits already and I'll dry off your ears once that's done you're free to go okay some got balls here first of all I'm going to wet them just a little bit so that I can clean any residue again cleaning me outside when I flushed all debris that got stuck on the outside a few lives should be next I use to dry pieces of got more just here I'll just dry the outsides of your ears okay try the outside of your head any remaining water he's gone Hey I look just down your neck excellent great job he must feel good all right nice and dry excellent okay so that's it all done I'm glad you came in that's really good and also thank you for following our instructions and continuing to so curious for two weeks I know it's not easy but it's definitely worth doing so next time you feel the build you feel you need to raise cleaning again just okay all right well thank you so much for coming I'll see you again youhey show me your credentials you're not supposed to be here you don't even have credentials are you lost that's okay they can help you find where you need to be are you feeling a little bit disoriented do you know how you got here do you even know where here is this is an REM stage 3 you got here after completing stage 2 period where you have spontaneous muscle tone and muscle relaxation where your heart rate slows and your body temperature decreases when your body's preparing to enter deep sleep this is stage 3 the transitional period between light sleep very very deep sleep you should be on your way to the stage 4 but it looks like you got enough path normally I'm supposed to take you into the sleep station make you fill out a bunch of paperwork get transfer clearance forms but I'm perfectly honest with you I can use a brave girl and it looks like you could do I've been doing this job for a long time like thousands of years and sitting at a desk and filling out all those papers well ten thousand years of that will give you such a crank have you been having a rough time - what do you say we go off the record I'll help you get to stage four now without the hassle of completing all those forms and we'll go through the motions without all the documentation that's not okay with you I have all the tools of my trade here and I will walk you through every step of the way you don't have to be nervous I'm sorry about before I'm here to help you come to sleep please I'm supposed to get you where you need to go safe and sound we need to get you on your way because Stage four is where your body repairs and regenerates tissue builds bone health muscle often appear cistern for the immune system if we don't get this age 4 you can suffer from things as simple as fatigue do things as serious as depression decreased immune response impaired memory and thought processes your sleep is important I want to help you get there life is hard enough as it is let me help you have easier days but helping you have a more restful night and you can help me by having less paperwork I'm good ok first thing we need to do is prep you I have first thing you have to do is dust off everything that's left on the day and then get stuck and stage three PI X is just gently sometimes things can stick to us little occurrences fail occurrences that happen throughout the day kind of like I'm slipping all these little pieces of lies keep getting stuck on the sweater by the time we look at ourselves in them here reminders of how did she do I feel and tired and worn so I have this very special duster you don't need them anymore you here for documents just to get clear don't feel bad lots of people get lost never feel bad about it but only feel proud about finding your way just to be thorough okay I think that's good next I have to blow off some steam not video it'll be scared going to be like just let go of everything that's been anchoring you lately don't need it now don't don't forget about it but to get to stage four you're gonna have to let it go for a little while oh it's almost this next wine asks for you eleven are mixed this is going to be very fine very fine mist rest on your skin on your hair you're going to breathe it in every spray you're taking another breath with every breath you feel more and more relaxed each breath your eyes want to close more your eyelids feel heavier and your brain feels lighter you're doing solo just breathe in and out let them s do its work you feel more and more relaxed you feel more tired your violets feel heavier end up here they're very good okay now I'm going to massage the mist and tears again so we're not divorcing just gently encouraging all yourselves to sleep so that they can replenish themselves regenerate aren't you glad you opted to do it this way instead of going back to the station okay you think we are about as I believe everything looks pretty good to me you should feel very tired we're not done yet I have to treat your eyes I'm going to make your lids oh so happy I'm nearly impossible to keep open and shake it shakin it's all I know okay so our solution if you would be so kind and cooperative close your eyes please just want to code your lid you know how when you go to the dentist they put LED smoke on you that's what this stuff is going to do it's going to feel like let's mock your eyes okay next solution tip this one okay your eyes please you know you know very beautiful eyes aside from how they look only you have your eyes you can see the world in the way that you do they're beautiful they're beautiful it's true even if we don't get to see a lot of the world via travel I still see a lot of the world and sometimes it's hard to stop seeing the world when we need the rest okay third last one close your eyes please keep them shut for me you'd still be able to smell that lavender mist and you should feel very very very sleepy stay touring so close deep sleep is so close I bet it felt so far away for you before when you were lost but not Dori I'll get you there I promise okay that's that so the next portion is putting your mind at ease and this part is going to make you want to marry your bed what I'm going to do is I'm going to say some words in your ears while you keep your eyes closed preferably the solution should help you with your motivation to do that so these words are going to tuck your brain in help you get to stage four ready siesta gah hibernation summer tournament those next year not rest Rep bones Snow's turbidity your housing fugly - monkeys doughnuts so now I'm going to pull your worries from you so you're going to have to give them to me I'm just going to toss them away you don't need them right now they are going away forever just for now you can rest be a better you in the morning to address them put yourself in my hands you just have to breathe and sleep take that one on the top of your head find your love dear God now hiding a me behind her right here just let it go okay is that pretty little head of yours let me take all your worries off your hands just run a while for you worry it's okay to let things go for a while that's too much for anyone so you take it you put it aside if you can do that for yourself I'll do it for you that's what the same place is here to do take all your worries away for a little while big beautiful brain of yours can have a pause and a moment to rest almost sometime you forget how much we keep inside we have to take it out and either address it store it somewhere it can't hurt us our fatherís for the moment hope you can get other things done there catch it about do that lastly I have to lose some sleeps and directly on you and you should be good to go oh but wait I have something for you here it's a deputy badge let me pin it on you it's important to know that the sleep stages don't progress and it's sequence sleep begins and stage one progresses into stages two three and four as I poking you hang on after stage 4 stage 3 and stage 2 sleep are repeated before entering REM sleep once REM sleep is over the body usually returns to stage 2 the cycle occurs about four or five times throughout the night it's really easy to get lost there you go if you ever run into trouble you can call me with that find me and I'll help you find our way again oh one more thing I have to write you a ticket sorry I can't let you go Alan make sure that you follow it to tea hopefully I will never have to issue another one of these two again however I will not hesitate to issue one again if you don't follow the instructions on it okay don't lose that it's really important here put it in your pocket all right I just have to blow some sleeps and onto and you should be on your way to stage four thank you for agreeing to do this with me like this I hope that this helped you avoid them all that unnecessary paperwork just getting straight to the point don't tell anyone I could give them a lot of trouble happy travels to you my friend goodnight sleep wellwelcome to IKEA ASMR or if you like to call it oddly IKEA today we're showing you how you can make your perfect college dorm room with a key as many perfect solutions a relaxing place to end a stressful day of being a student let's start with making the perfect bed look at how well the sheets fit over typical dorm room mattress this is wool vide sheet set which includes the fitted sheet that you see here a flat sheet one pillowcase for only $29.99 and listen to how nice it sound is smooth out the amazingly elastic edging allows the sheet to fit standard dormer mattresses with a thickness up to 13 inches those of you in college have a mattress topper the bendy and stretchy elastic makes this fit perfectly still and those of you at your own IKEA mattress will find that these sheets fit perfectly as well blend of Lionel and cotton so soft to the touch so comfortable and it's soft on the environment as they key I uses renewable cotton for their sheets and many other products listen we explore the thread-count the fitted sheet each sheet has a thread count of 200 per square inch and you can hear each thread now we see the comfortable flat shape easily slide into the corner the full VDS comes in three colors a beautiful a beautiful navy and the especially beautiful white color you see here white is a great color that goes with any debate or comforter you match it with not to mention the colors and patterns in the rest of your room this is the perfect sheet for any room including a dorm room for these and so many wonderful reasons let's listen as the top she gets smooth perfectly as all of the wrinkles get slowly ironed out now let's get a new perspective on our review sheet set the lyocell cotton blend absorbs and draws moisture away from your body and keeps you try all night long and that's finally blended densely woven yarn gives these sheets an extra soft and terrible quality if both perfectly doesn't it many college students avoid making their bed but with wolfy sheets you look forward to smoothing out your sheets every morning look at that amazingly crisp fold after a long night of studying and reading papers your bed is the first thing you want to see when you get home and what a beautiful sight it will be listen to the densely woven threads go back and forth back and forth back and forth keep listening to the sound of the threads before we move on to our do they look at this wonderfully colorful tube a cover this duvet cover it's called the SMAW scarf and it comes with a matching pillow case this particular cover is in a twin size this also comes in a full four double queen and king size it costs just $19.99 at your local IKEA store it's so soft and so comfortable it even sounds comfortable becomes dotted multicolored style and you can see that's multiple shades of gray added a foundation for the turquoise and pastel pink to pop if you want the pattern that doesn't overwhelm the room the amorphous patterns on this 2-day cover complements and these graphics who happens you might want to add to your room and certainly will clash with a stronger pattern that you may include on the rest of your room from a collection full of light colors beautiful flowers and a traditional style it's just things to help you bring a fresh bright look to your home any time of the year and now we see a new perspective on this bright and fun duvet cover the concealed snap closures fit your same sized down comforter and they won't split open when you're sleeping so you're 100% secure the material is 100% cotton which is a renewable material let's learn about the comforter inside it's called a gross plaid which costs $19.99 it comes in a warmer option with more filling press enter cooler comforter was less filling and listen to those fibers they rub against each other in the duvet and look at all those little dots is like pointillism down we see the small star pillowcase listen or in crisp pillow inside pillow you're seeing and hearing see firmer option there is also a softer options as those who prefer a little more cushion of you sleep no matter how you sleep I guess the perfect pillow for you side sleepers back sleepers stomach sleepers everyone can find the pillow for them at IKEA now let's look inside to see that a rim crisp hello inside this $11.99 pillow is 20 inches by 30 inches and has a thread count of 236 per square inch so perfect for any dorm room or bedroom for even a day lounging on the couch easy care synthetic pillow filled with microfibers which makes it extra soft very uncomfortable asleep now we see the goal clock of pink cushion cover for only $12 you can get a yellow cover blue gray cover green pink gray white orange and even a blue color and listen to that wonderful material the zipper makes the cover easy to remove and listen to that chenille fabric which feels so ultra soft against your skin the great thing about this is that it adds a texture to your bed and not necessarily another pattern and it also complements the multitude of other cushions with its velvety texture the cushion inside that is expanding and contracting is called the SIA drawer it's just $5.99 for 26 ounces of duck feathers duck feather filling feels fluffy and gives your body excellent support and with that we have a fully these beds need fully comfortable and welcoming after a long day of college now let's take a look at how IKEA can help you keep everything organized and make the most of a small closet it feels so organized and welcoming doesn't it let's take a closer look now we see our sky leg hangers as they slide along thus far they cost just $4.99 for a five pack at your local IKEA and listen to that slide sounds like a wind chime alright three today more than 30% of the steel content of this product is from recycled steel and that sounds so lovely and watch that these sway back and forth back and forth and look at this beautiful right political organizer this is a skub closet organizer which cost six dollars and 99 cents at your local IKEA this is perfect for those of you who need additional shelf space as you can put anything you want in here pants shirts shoes and even smaller skub inserts for jewelry sunglasses and other small items comes in three colors black white and light blue you see here the hook and loop fastener on the top makes it easy to hang up and move to wherever you want to put it the fabric is 100% certain aid of reinforced polypropylene and let's listen to that material such a wonderful light material has a shiny quality to it which helps stand out against your clothes the open-faced shelves are a great solution to have in your closet you can see where everything is it really helps you to get ready in the morning because you can just grab and go the shell is the art equal and height which is great because it gives you plenty of flexibility as to what you put in there you can stack clothes high you can put in half or you can add bins either way it's incredibly customizable let's take a look at some clothes some top shelf shirts going on the top shelf here and look at how much support this shelf has and this is so easy to take and move as it compresses and fold to become completely flat here we see a scub tres in the same color in the same material and you can put a lot of little items in there some glasses scrunchies or anything small it's a great tool to organize all of your little things that you may not have a place for this simple item shall make any closet look perfectly organized so when you wake up late for class you'll know exactly where everything is and that's exactly what Kea closet solutions are designed to do help you feel calm and relaxed and happy and of course IKEA curtains keep everything covered when you want now let's take a look at the desk it's your standard-issue dorm provided desk but IKEA makes amazing solutions to take your studying to the next level such a well organized desk everything has a place and every place is perfect it's so calming and it's the perfect place to study the notebook and notebook organizers the pens and pencils s student you spend a lot of time working at your desk you deserve desk organization that works as hard as you do now let's explore the jongseo lamp this is the super flexible jongseo LED work lamp it's slim lightweight and easy to move around listen to that beautiful tone it comes in this copper color as well as black silver and white the energy savings built-in LED light source provides twenty five thousand hours of light and to top it all off it's only $12.99 at your local IKEA now let's move from the desk to the Cal axe shelf unit seen here underneath the window this items cost it's just 49.99 at your local IKEA the Cal axe is one of the key is most adaptive those units freestanding on the wall or the room divider the calyx series is eager to please it comes in six colors including black brown white semi high-gloss grade turquoise color you see here kit will adapt to your taste your face your budget and your needs and you can fine-tune the calyx with drawers shelves inserts and boxes let's introduce you to a chain on storage box perfect fit this $4.99 box comes in four colors black black blue light blue and void it's perfect for newspapers photos brother memorabilia become out handle makes it easy to pull out and push back into the couch this is just one of the many inserts and customizable options that fit within the calyx you see here let's look at another customizable option for this other shelf here are a few hey Jean magazine files which are perfect for storing modern magazines each file costs just $2.99 and each is made from 100% renewable material and they fit perfectly within the Cal AK system the well pattern is a great addition to add some fun graphics to your dorm room and that's the Cal AK system now let's take a look at one more thing that every college student needs to feel comfortable and relaxed an area rug you can see a bit of the atom high pile rug here but let's get a closer look this atom rug cost 59 and is durable stain resistant and easy to care for since the rug is made of synthetic fibers perfect for a long year at college it's six feet five inches long and 4 feet 4 inches wide and it has an area of more than 24 square feet look at how each of those high piles Springs right back the atom series of rugs using different sizes and colors and exactly what you need to warm of your dorm literally and these are just some of our many IKEA dorm room solutions thank you for watching thank you for listening and we at akia hope to see you at one of our many stores soon youHello to you On this hot summer day I thought it could be a perfect time for me to play and... care for your ears a little bit what do you think? I'll be very gently brushing your ears tapping on them ever so gently as well like so and it could feel very nice [sigh] ...yes... your ears are such a nice shape so smooth and velvety yes, please pardon the traffic sounds nothing I can do I apologize but I felt the need to make a simple sit down video with you just being in each other's company and I've been looking at your ears for so long so I was excited to finally maybe play with them yes how about I'll just do one ear at a time a little tapping like this with my fingertips now with my nails this might feel different and I'm going to rub my hands up and down do you like this? mmhmm and cup I love cupping oftentimes to me it reminds me of the sound that you hear when you place a big seashell next to your ear and it sounds like ocean waves feels good? lemme just, gently tug on the tips of your ears on the top just, opening up that fold right here opening it up just squeezing it out a bit this is called "ear yoga" where you unfold the folds of your ears and feels like a very needed stretch I hope you agree. just brushing over your beautiful silky smooth ears I have some brushes too and I'll just brush along your ear, ok? Like this: I know that this might be not the sleepiest video but I thought I'll just enjoy your company a little bit more Yes you know, one of my most favorite things actually spending time with you honestly this time right now, right here, is one of my favorite times I like that I can just quietly gently care for you and make you feel good this could be ever so slightly entertaining as well for you I love to be pampered I love to be, to receive attention when someone touches me or brushes my hair, my face, my ears so by knowing how pleasant this can be, it becomes my pleasure to just to know that this might bring you some kind of peaceful feelings feelings, feelings, feelings, feelings, feelings, feelings so today maybe not a sleepy video but I hope a relaxing video in some shape or form traffic noises could be actually peaceful sometimes creates a white noise sound as well I also have this super soft brush too so lets brush your ears with it if you allow me this one definitely sounds like the ocean, doesn't it? You can hear the bristles going over your ears all the folds in your ear too what do you think about this one I like the sounds of the cupping and then whispering through the cupping sound like this do you like that too? [unintelligible whispering] cup cup, cup, cup cup, cup cup hope this brings you nice and relaxing feelings feelings feelings gentle cup, cup, cup gentle cup, cup, cup just pressing and letting go pressing and letting go pressing and letting go x2 so how was your day today? Was it a good day for you? Is it also hot where you are? It is getting hot in here And the airconditioning is not working too well But I hope that you feel nice and fresh, nice and cool and refreshed nice and cool and refreshed I hope this feels good for you I hope that you can enjoy your evening or your night Or anytime of the day I'm going to tap on your ears first with my fingers, like so Is it ticklish at all? No? Good. now with my nails, mhm, tapping with my nails right over your ears yes this might... feel quite interesting maybe even quite nice just testing out what you like on your ears and I can do little gentle, soft massages just squeezing your ear a little bit and releasing squeezing your ear, and releasing good very gently making sure that this is pleasant for you that maybe if it's not the sleepiest I can make you, you might at least be just pleasant, mhm cup, cup, cup cup, cup, cup cup, cup, cup cup, cup, cup so, would you mind letting me know what you thought of this if this is something that you would want me to do more of did you enjoy the quality here, that you could hear in your ears did you like me touching the tips of your ears and just, massaging gently talking and tapping on your ears this could be quite, quite relaxing so now I'll let you be thank you for hanging out with me it was my pleasure to be here with you today and thank you for lending me your ear thank you sweetheart for everything til next timegreetings welcome to departure space tours what type of vacation are you interested in something adventurous relaxing a little bit of both okay now will you be traveling alone or with the party alone okay and are you looking to go excel or stay inner solar EXO now that's a longer trip so it's going to be more expensive what is your budget I see that won't get you very far from home are you sure you wouldn't want to stay inner solar well I can tell you about our two best inner solar deals if you like okay we're currently running a special on a two-week your open getaway the total price is twelve hundred units and includes hotels stay at any number of our partner underwater hotels including the grand oceanic Hilton not quite what you're looking for okay well our second special is on a four days three nights' Mars adventure it's certainly more rustic than our your open package but we'll keep you more active while the cost is fifteen hundred units and it includes the group archaeological digs that are so popular right now no to that as well well you do seem determined to leave the solar system very well at your price point the limit eliminates anything in Andromeda nor Triangulum okay here we are the farthest I can get you from home is Gliese 581g 22 light years now this package doesn't include a hotel stay but I can provide a discount voucher for one of the local safari tours now as you may know Gliese 581g is in the orbit of the red dwarf star Gliese 581 and because of this it's tightly locked meaning one side of the planet is in perpetual daylight while the other side is in perpetual night and for this reason the planet has a 24-hour shuttle service between the light and the dark sides to the planet so if you do choose the Gliese 581g package I can give you a list of hotels that offer shuttle service and that way you can experience your safari tours in the daylight and then catch a shuttle to the dark side of the planet when you're ready to experience the nightlife so we have a match great now this package includes round-trip fare and one discount voucher for a safari tour and the price is eighteen hundred units great I'll begin looking it now I'll need to collect some information before we get started now due to recent conflicts on Gliese 581g I'm sure that you'll understand that I must run a standard background check before clearing you to enter the unrestricted provinces thank you for understanding now this won't take very long at all if you will please just remain very still and look straight ahead and I'll simply scan your retina to access your records please keep very still and just look straight ahead okay all right and try not to blink do that for me good thank you at the other side excellent thank you and thanks for your cooperation just one moment while I import the data excellent you're all cleared now have you ever traveled XO before okay in that case is your nanobiology up-to-date okay it's been some time that's not a problem however you will need to receive your inoculations prior to departure as it is a requirement of XO solar travel and we can take care of that right now if you'd like for a small fee or you can visit your private Nano practitioner if you have one lovely I'll take care of that right now before I begin though I will need to know of any health complications that may interfere with your upgrade and also while traveling you will be put into sleep stasis for the duration of your journey this is for your comfort and also to help expedite the trip and your medical history will reveal any contraindications for that so would you mind granting me access to your tier one medical history please wonderful now again if you'll just hold very very still and look straight ahead I'll just take good good in a moment I'm going to ask you to blink once but then yuddhistir straight ahead please back Thanks please blink one time thank you I'll stare straight ahead wonderful okay good good now give me just one moment okay all right well I don't see anything here that should be a problem so I will perform your inoculation upgrade now again this will only take a few seconds I'll need you this time to make sure to keep very very still you shouldn't feel any discomfort any pain you may feel a slight pressure once or twice do you have any questions before I begin okay wonderful this will just take a moment okay now please remain very still and try and relax all of your muscles some slight pressure here just try to relax are you experiencing any discomfort some slight pressure very well we're almost up okay well you are now set for travel to Gliese 581g lastly I'll just need to collect your unit credit information so may I please have access to your account wonderful thank you look straight ahead for me one more time excellent good thank you very much all right now before you go please do make note of the following information there are a number of restricted items on Gliese 581g that are not allowed to leave the planet due to sanctions placed on the planet by the Google galactic Republic and I will include this list in your travel itinerary additionally as you may know the planet has been experiencing some political turmoil recently for this reason there are some provinces that are not considered safe for tourist travel so I will include a map of all Republic approved tourist destinations and lastly any information regarding local weather conditions or language upgrades can be found at ggr dot Gliese 581g dot fish okay well that should be about everything thank you very much for choosing to part your space tours to help you plan your intergalactic getaway enjoy your trip to Gliese 581g I'm sure you'll have a lovely time and don't forget to rate your customer service experience with us today goodbye youspread a hello my name is doctor whispers red and you've been sent here for a respiratory exam okay so that means today I will be checking your lungs good so this involves me first of all taking a look at you from a distance and then with your permission if you don't mind then I would like to come a little closer and just examine your father okay thank you great so if you're sitting comfortably then we will begin right so first of all I'm just going to let me look at you you just sit up straight for me thank you okay and could you take a nice deep breath in and out thank you and again deep breath in and out again thank you okay and could I just have a little cough good right no I just like to have a little look at your hands so if you could just pop them straight out for me okay do your the hand okay good and could you please just bend your hands back for me like so okay great thank you I'm just checking there for any tremors everything seems to be fine okay now I just want to take your pulse so if you can just don't hurt your hands okay good are you feeling relaxed good okay great excellent all right now just come tiny bit closer and I'd like to have a good look at your neck so if you can just um lift up your head for me that's right good alright and just you can just look up for me and can you look down and up again and open your mouth for me thank you I provide and stick out your tongue great thank you excellent right now I'd like to have a listen to your heartbeat hmm this may feel a little cold to start with right okay it's alright good I just just breathe breathe in and out again and again now I'm going to just have another lesson all around your chest and each time I move my stethoscope could you please say 99 that's right Thank You 99 Thank You 99 good and again 99 good thank you once more 99 thank you tap on your chest if that's okay right now in a moment I'm going to just stand behind you and just have a listen to your chest on the back and the first of all I'm just going to it's okay with you place my hands around your ribcage okay that's alright thank you when you addy good take your breath breathe in breathe in breathe it you're doing really well excellent all right so I'm just going to stand behind you you can sit forward slightly that would tell me okay so just all right so first of all I'm just going to have a feel of your glands it's okay I'll just place my hands on your neck just feel them okay and that's it I'll have a feel of your back and just feel your chest as you breathe in for me again okay just going to with my hand down your back you could just take her breathing for me and breathe out and again breathe in and breathe out great so I'll just move my hands gain around your back and just time I tap game good and again okay and again because it a good excellent good and just going to have a listen using my stethoscope just warm it up again for your my hands just place it turn you back Hey again okay good great okay excellent all right you can sit back now and I'll come and sit upon to be when you're ready are you comfortable good right yet you just sit back that's right now could you tell me do you have any pain in your legs good okay and any pain anywhere else right right well we're almost finished I'm just going to have another look at your chest and ask you to do some more breathing for me yeah won't be long just have a little cleanup of my hands to stay top up I do like to regularly sanitize it's very important so if you could just relax for me I'm going to place my hands around your ribcage and ask you to breathe in and then breathe out for me slowly okay my hands are nice and yeah if you could just breathe in oh and breathe out thank you breathe in okay breathe out breathe in breathe out okay Walter all right everything seems to be fine what I'm going to do he's correlate all my information I've taken from you today and I'll put that all together and send it to you send the results to you by post that's right good okay I really don't think you need to worry everything I've seen today it seems perfectly fine to me so don't don't worry about it it's fine okay when you're ready get yourself together and if you just leave the same way you came in and remember to sign out to the desk okay thank you alright so when you're ready you can go thank you you never know we might meet again one day if you've got any questions any queries I'm happy for you to send them to me that's fine just message me and I'll get back to you good all right then you take care see you laterHello ~ Are you the one who contacted me this morning? You're a little bit earlier than your appointment time Was it easy to get here? Our shop is in the corner, right? In the morning... did you make an appointment for course "B"? As I explained on the phone, The course will include an ear massage Although if you feel you have a problem with your ears, you can skip it I'll check your ears first Do you have any inflammations in your ear? I guess it's fine since I will see it Shall we continue with course B then? I'll be using these ear cleaners First, the ears are cleaned with a bamboo tip at the end here And after we brush away any remaining bits, I'll give you an ear massage using a massage cream There might be a bit of dust in your ears first I'll clean that up first It's a wet tissue so it might be a bit cold I'll clean up other side too Now I've wiped the ear I'll clean your ears now Please tell me if you feel ticklish Is this okay? Oh, and I've been asking our costumers How did you find out about the shop? I'm running it a little on my own, Without much publicity People usually come by word of mouth Nowdays, Youtube says there's videos to clean one's ears Are you seeing such a thing too? There a quite a few people who watch such things I'd like to try this 'Youtube' thing So I think more costumers will come ! No. When more costumers come It'll be hard for me to remember them Now there's not many guests So I am trying to remember everyone who comes in Most people who come here, come again ^^ Now one ear is all cleaned You don't have as much ear wax as you may think We'll start the other side But it already looks like your ears are pretty I see a lot of costumers' ears Looking at various ear shapes You have a pretty ear shape I think I should do it one more time We've gotten all the ear wax Now I'll brush out some dusty bits with this fluff This can tickle a little more Let's do it Does that tickle? Are you ticklish? Now I'll tickle the other side too ~ Both of them were fluffy I'm finished with the ear cleaning Before your ear massage, I'll just brush your ears with another brush, then we'll start the massage I'll do the other side Now I got all the dust out I have this massage cream here, for the ear massage It's a mixture of different oils When you massage your ears, you may feel sleepy Your ears may be cold again How is it? A little cool, right? Here we clean ears and do ear massages too right, The costumers who come At first come to get their ears cleaned After, they say the ear massage is better And come again I also do ear massages Now I have some cream To clean it and finish off I'll clean it Now I'll wipe the other side Now I've wiped both ears How was your B-course? It felt a little cool, right? I think you're a bit sleepy now Maybe if your ears are touched like this, you might get a little drowsy Next time you come, you can get more comfortable Are you coming again?^^ I'll be do my best again next time Yes, thank you for letting me take care of you today I'll see you again next time ♡ Come sooon ~[Music] hello are you ready for me hi there my name is Heather and I'm going to be your test Proctor today let me get you smoked up just for you sorry stylish that's just to protect your clothes in case you have any propulsion jellies or anything that's gonna happen time to time I'm going to help you put it on a little bit big I'm just gonna throw it on the back of you okay put your right under here good I'm sure laughter hey let me fix your pom perfect now I'm going to put a pair of headphones over your ears these are coaching how's that I know they must quite a bit tough he'll pick I'm going to play the introduction to the test [Music] hello and welcome to the testing center at azemar science you're about to take a test it's going to evaluate the worth of your character and will influence the entirety of your future it's very important that you do well on it let's get started our friendly scientists named Heather will be your test Proctor today thank you for choosing a zamore science just going to take your headphones off oh great good I'm going to hook you up to some machines first being electroencephalography or EEG and this measure is very much giving their electrodes attached to your scalp so I'm going to fill that headband contraption mm-hmm those electrodes I'm just going to turn it on and it's going to adjust to the size of your head so that it fits comfortably [Music] [Music] next step we have facial electromyography and that's going to measure muscle activity in your face by detecting and amplifying the teeny-tiny electrical impulses that are caused when muscle fibers contract all right so we're going to focus on two major muscle groups in your face the corrugator super sunlight group and that's associated with crowning and the zygomaticus major group and that's associated with slowly I'm going to put little stickies here they're not reused they are dispensable right here and right there over here over here everything nice into care good good do me a favor smile for me okay no rji just make sure everything's secure smile all right okay next one couple more I'm just going to come in and have a quick well they're your eyes just light okay all right perfect keep away from me very good and last but not least is the galvanic skin response sensor it's going to measure electrodermal activity these are just variations in the electrical characteristics of the skin to study psychology and psychological relationships and response to stimuli sounds scary right just put a couple clips on your fingers good you'll have a specific amount of time allotted for each answer so even if you reply quickly to a question I will have the time to run to completion by the same token if you answer too slowly I will begin the next question at the designated time okay I'm going to begin in 1 2 3 do you believe the world is founded on compassion do you think that everything in the world is relative if you had to make a spaceship out of vegetables what vegetables would you use you do you often think about humankind and its destiny is it possible to make toast and a microwave what is the speed of dark do you value justice over Marci if you could eat yourself would you become twice as big or disappear do you usually place yourself in the ER to the side or in the center of a room are you interested in abstract ideas do I have lenses in my glasses how would you check a real-ass risk into swimming in the sea what kind of monster tricks a rhinoceros into swimming in the sea do you ponder the root of things often do you embrace change what would happen if Batman was bitten by a vampire are your actions frequently influenced by your emotions how long is a piece of string what is the color of a mirror pick a marker color this one has a long waiting time for the answer visualizing the marker of your choice please draw a blank in your mind why are there exceptions to every rule what would you do if you saw an endangered animal eating an endangered plant all right and your last question what's in the box okay that's it so now I'm going to liberate you from this equipment we peel this off your paste we aren't defined by one moment in life we are greater than the sum of all of our parts it's just it's change over time just because this one challenged you today doesn't mean it will challenge you in the future it might not even be irrelevant in the future it doesn't create your narrative you do and you're going to do great tomorrow and your fingers please perfect thank you for helping me ascertain whether or not our machines are in good working order I'm compatible with your body I'll see you tomorrow to administer the actual exam hi shine a bright light you just look straight at youhello-oh be your hairstylist today my name's Dimitri so what type of loop I'll be careful today okay so what I'll do let's just begin he's run my hand through hair is getting a little bit mess out and then after person okay we'll just get through a few different styles we see okay now I'd be cutting any here today you're very beautiful okay so you got done on a holiday next week well must be exciting her bat see coming to endow quite a wonderful place to visit are you planning to go to the loathe Chiang Mai and here's very beautiful oh you are I'm sorry jealous what about the sale oh really you got from a full moon party it'll be exciting and the other places that you plan to visit oh you're up there exit epi I'm ready wonderful places to go in Thailand and control are you are doing some snow claim I'd be very beautiful must be very refreshing to sweating aggregation of middle face in the car sorry oh you've put some rings right on the beach jewelry plant that's has terribly exciting I think of the very relaxing as the Sun Goes Down back of the page watching the sunset I love listening to the sound of the ocean too slowly coming up the beach just that gentle sea so you've been doing much shopping they get ready to go to the toilet oh you're planning on doing some shopping when you're in Thailand they're getting a to Bangkok you are what's that road called a now everybody goes to there should be lots of good showing in Bangkok it's a good food okay so today I'm just going to brush your hair just remove so tell me what uh another thing that you're looking forward to just getting away unwinding just forgetting a bad thing is just for a while doing nothing do you like I got your theme parks and things like that bungee jumping really must be so exciting sorry going to the our pp islands as well take some fuck cards go to the islands just relax you Oh once your hair looks like this Hey look that's all I think that would be good fruit cellar hole today just time to head back that's great yeah very beautiful to roll on which is when I pull like that a little bit of my kappa Buffalo yet she can do a line which is hot like that so is there in your house that you're playing to trouble besides Thailand oh really guaranteed I to me now that's very interesting I also came by yeah it sounds like a real adventure how long will you be gainful three weeks it'll be a great holiday motivates me you want to get away do you think you must look forward to just taking some time out on some beautiful natural environment this relaxed if your room my dad on the page are you gonna wait there Wow that'll be amazing gentle Toyland didn't get mess out almost anyway Thai massage very good oh no this is - odds you okay thank you for coming to see me I'll see you again and I hope you have funoh it's been such a long time oh hello Li long how are you what have you got there oh how interesting I haven't seen these in such a long time a book perfect thank you what would you like to know if you'd like to know what there are these these ruins this is something that people of the old time would use similar to tear apart or astrology these are beliefs people had I've had these for such a long time and I haven't seen them thank you for filing them for me oh you'd like to know more about them okay well what you would normally do is it I would do I root a reading for you and that's something they might give you dancers to question to you I have oh it like a reading from old old granddad okay hmm been such a long time just give me a minute and just let me have a look at what we can do - these are some of the different rooms and they all have commands and meanings this book is quite old many years ago I look into this why an interesting story some time ago when I was younger similar to your age I spoke to someone someone that might you might call as a psychic person and she mentioned that in one of my past lives I was a good which is a quite interesting not that I recall any of this previous past life but she suggested that I look into trying some wounds and then I may find them quite interesting and so after some time I decided to purchase a bag of runes in this book and I quite enjoyed it and I found a connection with these runes and I believe that I have a connection with these runes that allows me to help find a correct room for yourself or myself let me just have a look here we go okay I think this is something we can do it's called a runic cross and what this does is it gives you a little bit of a our overview to the past the future where you are now any challenges that you might have situations and sort of like a foundation that might help you we could do something like that if you like just give me one moment okay oh we have a question how do I select the correct room that is a very interesting question and I think it's very important question to to understand so for myself personally I believe each person has to find their own way of doing things and so for myself I find that I have like a kind of like a sense in my hand that when I find the right room it seems to stick to my finger and I carefully draw it out and whether the room is upside down or the correct way up will change the meaning and it's not in a bad way it's just a way the difference can be drawn out of the back now you do not have to draw around if you do not like I can do it for you so how'd it'll work is you you need to think of a a question or a problem that you may have that you would like to some guidance or some help with ok so just just think for a second how does the rooms move that answers your questions I can't really explain that but the way that my belief is that that the runes are son is on type of connection and and that you know what the answer is in the room to trying to help you to give you guidance to help you find your correct path that will help you in your journey okay let us begin now you must think of a question it could be a question of will I do well at school or maybe better ways what do I need to do to achieve the result that I'm looking for whether it is in school work in a relationship whether its financial so I want you now to think I've had a question and just close your eyes and just think of that question and now those clothes and yeah we shall draw their eyes so that's right is the running of the path and so here I try and concentrate to feel the correct line for you sometimes it just takes a little bit of time just give me one moment [Music] [Applause] we have drawn which one is this okay so that one will be your past that is degree manners this is really obsessed the self if you feel blocks mana is protégée to begin by being clear with yourself do not turn to others now but look inside for what is blocking me the knower one area of your life is in disarray stop and consider you will recognize the outer enemy as but a reflection of what you have not until now have been able or willing to recognize as coming from looking above all do not give yourself airs taking the moment in the past habit is the challenge here so here your question it's about you and so in the past there have been things have been blocking you and even seeking to remove those blocks so that there is your past and then is good because you know and you already know that you have something that's stopping you and here we will try and answer and give you some suggestions on how you might move forward in this situation or question the future the future is always online unwritten you can make of it or you cannot be scared that you not be afraid for challenges sometimes you must leap the chasm to get to the other side and once you're there all feel fly away we have another [Music] so we have jong-un constant reversed I counsel against expecting too much or expecting in the ordinary way for the old way has come to the end you simply cannot repeat the old and not suffer calling your scattered energies concentrate on your own life at this moment for your only requirement for growth more important this room counseled you to need a focus on outcomes not bind yourself with the memory of past achievements form doing sorry you rob yourself of the true present moment the only time in which self change can be realized you may feel overwhelmed with exhaustion from meeting abstraction upon abstraction in your passage yet always you have a choice you can see this apparent negativity as bad luck or you can recognize it as an obstacle course a challenge specific it to the initiation that you are presently undergoing to test your character so yeah you may come across some roadblocks in your future but instead of being dismayed or disappointed or or feeling stress from a situation look at like an obstacle course something for you to overcome a challenge and this is something that will help you grow in character do not be afraid of obstacles things that block you can give it as a challenge fear overcome so that you may find your true path now we choose the rune of where you are now I see what have we chosen can I reverse this so this room is where you are now I want to read it what it says the danger is that through hasty or ill-timed action life force leaks out or is spilled away if an association is short-lived do not grieve know that it has fulfilled expand matters of trust and confidence are at issue here and with them the authenticity of your way of being in the world reversed this calls for examining your motives carefully why doing some of the things that you're doing is it self conquest with which you are concerned or are you trying to dominate another are you lusting after outcomes or are you focus on the task of return sake you will find answers within yourself not in outside advice when you consult the runes you are consulting the self an appropriate action to the spiritual warrior you are the spiritual warrior you do not need to seek answers from other people you have all the answers that you need trust in yourself follow your instinct now we look at the foundation something that might be give you information to help you like ours let's see if one is the correct way flow water that which conducts so this is about your foundation unseen powers are active here powers that nourish and Shake and connect so there is an underlying force here that you have access to all you need to do is become and focus and relax and listen to yourself the attribute of this room are water fluidity and the ebb and flow of emotions careers and relationships this room encourages you to immerse yourself in the experience of living without having to evaluate what understand it speaks to the satisfaction of emotional needs to the awakening of the intuitive or lunar side of your nature for while the Sun strives for differentiation the meaning draws us towards its union and merging this room often signals a time for cleansing for revaluing and reorganizing and realigning a rule of deep knowing that as means to call you to study spiritual matters in readiness for self transformation success now lies in contacting your intuitive wisdom and attuning to your own rivers a rune of the self relating rightly to the self this ruin signifies what Alchemist called the conject Isle or the sacred marriage in fairy tales it is the end where the hero and the heroine live happily ever after so this room I believe is confirming this pattern of cross that you are on her pathway a journey there will be many obstacles that you must overcome to not be scared to not be worried look at them as a challenge something for you to overcome and each obstacle that you overcome you will get closer to your goal which is just to be simply you to be happy in your skin to be happy with your achievements to be happy but also to find more achievements to find more it will help you to grow and when you find the challenges overcome them oh the challenge let us see or we draw here gerrae so this room cannot be reversed this is the harvest the fertile season a room of beneficial outcomes gerrae applies to any activity or endeavor to which you are committed be aware however that no quick results can be expected a span of time is usually involved hence the keywords one year symbolizing a full cycle before reaping the harvest of a deliverance you have prepared the ground and planted the seed now you must cultivate with care to those who labor a long season along coming to term gerrae offers encouragement of success know that the outcomes is in keeping of the Providence and continue to preserve remember the old story about the farmer who was so eager to assist his crops that he went out at night and hugged on the new shoots there is no way to push the river equally you cannot hasten the harvest be mindful that patience is essential for recognition of your own process which in its season leads to the harvest yourself so here again this room confirms that you are on the correct path way you will have challenges but the patient's there will be data comes in the very near future we realize that you have achieved a number of things that you hold dear to you be patient and give a time to those dreams to realize themselves at the last room the new situation so this room might tell us what it is the you will achieve with patience and overcoming obstacles this room is yours so again this refers to movement that appears to block be certain in what you're doing I'm not doing is timely there are no missed opportunities you have simply to reorganize or recognize that not all opportunities are open to you that not all possibilities are for you the opportunity at hand may be precisely to avoid action if you are feeling at a loss or unclear about the need to act consider what is timely to your nature and remember what is yours will come to you so this might signify that and maybe some of your dreams may not be achievable and that you could be satisfied with other thoughts or or dreams that you may have so where you majoring to go to the moon you may end up being happy just being someone that works on the ground and if you desire something maybe reduce your expectation on what it is that that you would like I think it's really important just to be happy with what you've got think about it really what is it that you need to be happy it's your thoughts it's you your mind your health some water some food some shelter friends and family these are the things that you should value most in life did you enjoy that little one ah you always welcome to come back and see granddad all right I think it's time no no[in a whisper] Good evening This video is going to be very quiet. Shhhh. Very light whispers here and there. But mostly, I'm going to give you a head massage. Relaxing, sleepy head massage. Just like that. Massages are so relaxing. So hypnotizing. Both to you, the one who receives it, and to the one who gives it. It strengthens our bond, and I'm just excited to spend time with you. [indistinct] I'm also going to be using this tool. This tool—you will, I'm sure—have seen already before. And used it, too. Sounds like wind chimes. A little bit. [metallic clinking] Shoop, shoop, shoop. [rustling noises] We understand each other about this. I know it. That's pretty cool. You get what I feel. You know exactly how I feel. And that is incredible. So, I love to comfort you, and have some quiet time with you. We both need it. I need some time with you, too. Just being here by your side. Just enjoying your company. The sounds of the head massage is... so soothing. Makes me sleepy, too. So, I'll do some hand movements here. And a little bit of tapping. [exhales] I have a new brush. That is very similar to the previous one, also from Russia. But this one has a... beautiful bird image carved in the back of it. Kinda matches my nails. I'm into stamping on the nails... I'll tell you later... [inhales] It smells like a... cedar tree. [tapping] And it sounds... just as heavenly, if not better. Than the other brush. Let's do it slowly. [slow tapping] Shhhhhhhhh... Shhhhhhhhh... [tapping slowly increases in speed] [hair brushing sounds] Making me so sleepy. Let me put it away. Now... [whooshing sounds] Just gliding my hands over you. [crinkling noises] Sleep... it is so comfortable here. So simple. So quiet. Perfect space for you to drift off. [crinkling noises continue] [inhales deeply]my name is Olivia Kasper and today I am going to tell you what is a smart and I have some amazing triggers for you we're gonna spend a lot of time just in fast ways to different triggers to be able to experience this tingly feeling so what I say SMR a smart stands for autonomous sensory meridian response and it's basically this beautiful almost euphoric Pleasant feeling that we get in the scalp or sometimes anywhere in the body kind of just like runs down it feels a little bit like goose bumps but actually a smart there's no hair standing on your skin it's a very internal to it very relaxing beautiful feeling that makes you whole body melt and you don't feel like a movie so I have all these triggers today for you especially for relaxation and sleep so we're gonna go slow but I spent a little time only with each trigger yeah just relax for me if you fall asleep come back next time tomorrow maybe definitely watching the triggers to start my presentation with little glass pebbles sometimes I'm going to whisper sometimes I'm gonna be softly speaking to spend about less than a minute with each triggers good idea of this video just give you a wide range of triggers I can meet like the ones that you like best so that was the first one and here tapping plastic some make up a little bit of mascara a little bit of dog wait a bit of this on your eyelashes great today I'm not going to be doing the whole makeup because if you have too many things to go through so that was stepping another very favorite trigger hair brushing some I hear you [Music] natural thank beautiful long hair in the back stepping in this brush relax completely I'm going to do a short hand movements hypnosis with you I want you to settle down in your body to start releasing any tension from the very top of your head just do your face gently touches you this warm feeling of relaxation your whole body it's getting more and more relaxed breath it's becoming slower tension from your shoulders it's really easy to becoming quieted I don't want you to fall asleep to just it because there's so many amazing triggers here for you Oh hands rubbing and others down so how about just so many some sounds of nature I got the most beautiful smell gentles out rosemary you notice I'm using a bun your microphone the best to watch this video with your headphones nature's that what we have in here okay what woody put it out this thing is really good for grinding so let's see what I can find I do I have some chat seats they like achieves view to the little Baker you make sure you both the krinkle sounds so fast the shaking sound [Music] [Music] crank something [Music] that's really appreciate if you let me know in the comments which trigger are you best ones cuz I can't use them away in my videos another one my videos are actually nuts just to pacify you to sleep because I want to help you just fall asleep but at the same time I want happy to wake up so let me take you on a small little journey right now it may be a long time I tell vacation destination [Music] [Music] it's in the air and your body may be nice [Music] next some beads some glass tapping this glass it's not the best let me take another one the glass tapping let me come back to that we want your help you burn it stop like a tin cup [Music] [Music] [Music] next to you yes I love these these were cleaning gloves they are very relaxed right now this is what your body is gonna end up feeling like and you relax with my videos your Vu's and relaxed no life no life in them there's the life inside of you just wanna take away the tension that we hold it sometimes so what I'm gonna do like if you click Reiki session using these clothes [Music] Vicky's Doodlebops the sound suck and relax just gonna be hovering my hands around you feeling your energies your head just video Crowley's sweeping for you have some beautiful energy is [Music] and about five to ten seconds my phone will vibrate I don't want you to scare get scared can be so real there it is I'm going to put it on the speaker let's see who's calling hello hi mine's you again would you want this time today we offer hand protects a soft cream with microfiber to sense anymore in other I'm just in the middle of filming right now so we'd make your palm bye okay don't think this will be joined youth anymore Victor looking for your pinky the most inconvenient the time let me go out with some more triggers via bag sound inside is called sleepy I think it's amazing toy these beautiful sound metal sounds for you one of my favorite again gonna present to you some tips and once I find the end of this does it have an end there's a little hand in here today I'm going to be generous to tape your whole body around [Music] [Music] [Music] you may also enjoy some sticky sounds now could I get stuck home hard sticking to it stick into the Philippi to do a sticky tape energy ball around your body distantly touch your ears with my pumps of my hand to feel you use to pick up touched [Music] some sugary inside to be playing with this wooden spoon scraping sound I'm running out of space we have too many triggers today if I can do some more before let's do a glove for puppies to move in this direction but it's a little wrap in this direction it's to brush puppies here so if you like scratching sounds probably [Music] nice okay do we have any more to do here - coconut shells I opened this coconut myself they come with some interesting hairy and woody sound again each person has different triggers what the cause is the feeling of tingles of the body so lets me know in the comments what's working what's missing me triggers you like to see my future videos [Music] [Music] alright - coconut - not for now stop something very different than I have some baby thing basket back sorry theme song makes every gentle sounds [Music] [Music] what's next take some beautiful sounds brushing your hair with it sometimes I'm using that's why here and maybe do a few uses but even deep bet many people look and feel the tingles and the sounds I just implied here coming keep your eyes open I'm going to spray this little spray all around you it comes actually what's up scent I think this one is eucalyptus with lemongrass it's like a cheaper miss everybody you can almost view it just pretty much to your face spring that does not that earth in your eyes your eyes make it a little misty why [Music] wipe that much better so let's see what next hey why them so necklace sometimes they always feel so good to wear it nice and calls in this game alright to have many more triggers to go through so I tell you what you have next some more tapping tapping than usual object you might you just smile out some time and you feel relaxed and relaxing all the facial muscles smiling there because it's releases I'm good to haunt you buddy okay was a big smile for you and to get some personal attaché so here some band-aids if you need to pendant give you one of these you see how about a new forehead right here last it warp and a look so beautiful blue with some dots and this for you just stick it on you nicely you can wear it until the end of this video Wow showing you another trick so what you want we choose to you the third that's a sign that this card yeah this card is really for you today to read really briefly what does that really mean intuition page 38 I couldn't hurt this brute for a while it's interesting it comes in this moment for you because whatever you are in your life right now this really is for you because you're watching this so it's we intention responsibility the greatest power on earth for what you intend this usually with you will manifest an experience there are times when we must let go of logic don't trust our feelings this is such a time that is important to trust your intuition pay attention to what's inside this your heart saying you could be do or have anything the anti dwells not in your mind but in your heart for you heart holds your true essence potential your heart is the gateway to so this card is confirmation that you are intuitively like it and protected beautiful just keep a daily journal write it down your thoughts and everything you feel write down your thoughts that come to mind without any judgment listen to it and you will be guided safely and lovingly no words for that one we have a cool bag in here the vapor sipping sounds and surprise it's beautiful brush in it and do some face brushing so very gently your whole face you would use a little bit so much sugar but I have many brushing videos so let's move on sorry to show you my shampoo flower I forgot to pick it this morning so I have a video which I shall be amazed without I hope you'll find them never seen a chamber flower for now free on your face crowded she butters it sounds gross I think what do you think it's a rose it was an extra light onto your face topping your face get see what's next visual triggers a little light and I'm going to now shine this into your ears and eyes still help you okay - pupils to see how they react Shaney close at this point like the reaction there either appropriate so that's good there was a delight you dropping us out because it's you I'm gonna give you a drop into your ear just to try it out so just give you a little bit into each ear test yeah good dance you also have my diary here whatever you really have page turning cuz I'm going to go ahead just do some reading free tell me what do you want me to write about that story for you based on what I'm seeing inside of you secret how good intentions for you station that you should be paid to pay attention to just visit you to a new page show you this whoo these beautiful beautiful pastels here makeup with this cover she also makes interestings out I'm simply going to sketch you real quick so just draw your face shape of your face right ice right stuff to it okay I'm gonna give you Brown here today that's not too long and not too short so much it a little bit if you're asking some color if you like you have some purple all around you so there could be different can I just smudge this nicely blend with your hair just like you have touch so you were great so you'll portrait and finished I hope you like it that doesn't look like you will do next jaggery instead what we see now my hands are kind of dirty though so I'm going to wipe them to take one of these wet napkins or tissues of whatever that is clean my hands so I can get on with your next trigger okay maybe that was one too who knows for your face now I love legends yeah this is just tap on your face tap beautiful chopsticks just so cute I'm going to place one chopstick a Stickley chopstick song coming to the end but I have some soft trigger here hand job and your toy stuffed animal it's an angel animal so let's scratch his belly a little bit for you so cute oh let's not forget some scissors - let me cut your hair a little just your bangs in the front quick hairstyle your hair here in front with gradually just maybe cut it over like the back gonna keep it long in there touchy FINA for now at least you know just going to do some clothes sounds to wipe your face with yeah and I'm going to finish with a kabuki brush which is my favorite of all times so I'm going to gently tap this face to completely fall asleep I hope that you will get don't do this trigger one day this is a long video you see that you're falling asleep right now you haven't fallen asleep sure you subscribe to my channel because I'm using triggers and videos coming up now simply tapi displayed thank you so much for watching youwelcome back to my channel today's feel is going to be highly requested kiss sounds video one of you have requested those sounds to do my previous role play so I thought I would do that for you today I love guest outs they're just very comforting and who wouldn't benefit from that type of human interaction exchanging love and care so I'm going to do three different kinds of kisses when Cody just missing air another will be kissing the camera the last would be the most realistic I'll see what sounds work best for you and I hope you mind if I will just ramble a little bit here there Wow this video continues to help you fall asleep I'll get a little bit closer to help be focusing and here we go Oh you when I first met one of my best friends are greeting to me where kisses on the cheek I remember feeling so loved I used to look for the meeting are just so weakened very special and I don't think whether it's kisses from you dear child or dear parents all I know is that whenever I would receive such mother it always seems to come I also think that you can never give enough this is do your partner now some of you may not agree it's just my opinion goodnight kisses on the forehead dear partner your child your parent whoever kisses on the cheeks they're just as special as do you ever get tingly feelings when you're liking someone and you can feel that breathing their breath such powerful exchange of human energy No Pro at the subject but all I know is that it was really good that one cell goes missed you guys I want to know what you've been up to you that's also really nice bar by the ear kisses I will try to replicate that sound the kisses that you feel let's get it get stop enough it's always a nice spot a degree baked after stop guessing the sounds are you I want to thank you watching my channel like videos if your parents are trying to give them a nice guess you'll be surprised or maybe get your friends the way people doing them cultures if one is two kisses by missing others please let me know I thought I would incorporate some foreign language speaking into the kisses okay along tanga it was don't you it don't I do my simple don't give up on yourself who always find that motivation to keep going you dreams often show you keep dreaming hmm happy holiday season everyone hmm the more he said to Sheree youwe bought the land for power freedom the greatest victory to win their lands your time has come you happy to take the biggest and away if you don't you we've been waiting for you think that you are ready so today I'm going to initiate you into warrior I'm going to paint your face little symbol and the reminder your strength of your mission on this earth ready wait agree I'm going to be using crushed pigment from plants and clay to paint your face with to really ground you and open you up for a new chapter in your life that starts today because you are the chosen one okay so I'm going to start your initiation to being a warrior with a little ritual of face painting tribal makeup you're like I'm going to start with using this red color it's going to be even more red when it's dry this mixture of clay berries leaves and bark and some roots and this will really help you to ground you so going to apply this mixture to for it very cooling and grounding sold ingredients come from the earth red color of blood also the color of the heart we were or your heart a little bit more decision honor to be doing this with you today I know that you're all ready for a mission you're chosen by the eXistenZ itself because the existence really wants to have your experience from your point of view do you are a warrior I know that sometimes you get lost in your thoughts so that's why I'm helping you with this ritual to ground you you can always remember to be bad situations to come back to body to the present moment than the present moment the next next the next great I think that that's enough it's beautiful it's already drying it's getting a little bit more round rather than orange but will take a while so I'm going to actually help you to make it dry quicker these beautiful feathers just relax and let dry they awaken days away the way ohmy but check mmm great it's pretty dry that's perfect because now I can put the second point which is the color white and I have already prepared Li some white clay going to apply it above your eyebrows just think I am nice see the color white to the color being invincible always remind you that but it is okay to fail sometimes because you can always get up and rice only warriors have the ability to do that most people to free to fail but not you you are the chosen one you have responsibility in this life to be the warrior of the art I'll be to remind you that perfect looks beautiful on you so oh you're right I have to do the part across the nose thank you for reminding me we're both warriors do we have to stick together it also to the lower lip and the chin beautiful amazing great so now I'm going to do the black part and to make a black I decided to use a chuckle used to crush it a little bit more so I'm going to be using my brush made of bamboo the hard wooden like part Pabu just brush a bit more cuz it has to be thin fine so I can mix it somebody come in this will enter your eye makeup with it okay this should be enough is that I'm going to add a little bit of the eucalyptus oil and click to mix it where there's tiny little brush made of bamboo you can see it's extremely soft as well you soft yeah so I'm going to mix the oil the fine parts which are all together to create the right consistence black is the color of strength the color of the darkness that the warrior is not afraid the tariff a hard border doesn't divide people but they can conquer the darkness within themselves start with the Chanukah close your eyes a little bit yes should be very precise the warrior doesn't chase love warrior look inside what makes them stop experience love they find it they can experience mama warrior is not afraid to be vulnerable that's the hardest part sometimes that's why you have to have these reminders to know that you are the chosen one of course wealth every person grows up with uncomfortable situations real drama that takes away their ability to be vulnerable Gogi you can reclaim your power back by being vulnerable opening up in discomfort join your true self that's the responsibility of warrior to the adults do your pies great you have a strong heart it is the best it can really fight of course it is a beast that's why it's in the cage it's got the rib cage great amazing very pleased my work today and to also give you a bit of a mascara cuz it's also black do we need all this strength so call us a little bit theorize for me one beautiful once-over great that's pretty much it it's complete there's only left one thing for you it is my personal gift I've been collecting all these flowers for you today it's not the most beautiful flowers the jungle and they contain different blood things for you the best part about these flowers is that you can eat them yeah very tasty so I'm going to bless you with a beauty and Trust all of these flowers here even the beauty and trust with thousands of flowers from the jungle they trust and open up not afraid to show they really are which color would you like can be eat even together like this one this so tasty so tasty I get even the small ones we then you like this great ok one more for me all right and your ritual is complete it has been truly honor to be painting your face until your eye makeup and I hope that this will really stay with you energetically you can always remember that you are a warrior your hard to choose make a huge difference in the world people around you you need any more reminders just come back againwas right eh hello everyone and thank you for joining me today I'm going to tell you a little story very very early this morning I was sleeping all nice and warm in my bed I was dreaming away about nice things and I woke up to a little tapping on my frontal so I got up and I went downstairs open the front door on the doorstep there was a little books so I open the box and inside the box yeah you can imagine my surprise now some of you may recognize this and some of you will not and I will show you is the one and only long-lost first edition of the a summer book of tingles and it's as here a comprehensive guide to the most verbally Pinkalicious words known to the ancient I cannot tell you how privileged I feel to be in possession of this to be showing it to you right there do not be deceived by appearances now this book has actually been criticized in the past would you like to know why that's because some we describe this as a dictionary and indeed it is but unlike regular dictionaries this book does not explain the meaning of the words inside you now we all know that the meaning of any word comes alive when the word is spoke I'm going to read some of these words to you starting with the letter and working my way through he is all fast P blissfulness c-word we have courage courage courage and our D word is delicate one of my favorites II and perfect and bath extremely important next word fabulous fabulous graceful next one or eight very important that word is honesty honesty for i we have insightfulness okay we have Julius Julius and of course okay for kindness kindness and of course for hell we have love and one of my favorite word's eff is magical magical magical and for n we have nature nature nature optimistic optimistic optimistic participation participation participation quality quality oh we have responsibility responsibility responsibility and the next word is sparkly sparkly Sparkle and the next a treasure Tricia and the next one is unity unity unity and one of my most favorite works of all time is the mobility phone our ability for our ability because only when we are truly vulnerable can we truly see so our next word word with bottle meetings Wawa yeah so by no means these extremely zero to see judgment so I do hope you've enjoyed the ASMR book oh tingles and I have no idea came into my possession and how it ended up on my doorstep I'm very glad that it did I'll see you again I see goodbyeis right a hello welcome to another tinkle basket video how are you as you can see I've taken some straw for the filling or should I say I've borrowed some straw from my chickens I have this single basket video is I have some nice there is a sounds only video off this basket and I think it's a few years ago so I won't make too many good a few let's have a look Oh here I have a brown envelope and the envelope is addressed to Emma whispers read it's all the way from the United States something very special I have a little painting that was made by very special lady and she sent it to me for the tingle basket I shall open inside this little package made from bubble wrap miniature painting as you can see itself I go with red hair and rosy cheeks and her eyes are closed down the side it says dream and the background is blue it's on canvas and it's on really sweet tiny wooden frame this painting was made by Diane nickim or Diane is it pronounced Nick I apologize it's wrong her name is Diane and she has a Facebook page named whimsical who ACK gook I'm terrible hot pie Diane could be ugh it could be work work bye Diane nakorn paintings on canvases of different sizes wooden plaques watercolor paper Porto Rico US territory it's coming a wasted Thank You Diane I shall put this on my desk or I do all my editing and she can keep me company and remind me all the lovely things brings to us all in our dreams yeah I shall put this to one side and you can have a look what else is in the tink basket alright this as you can see is an apple it's an English Apple of the Braeburn variety I like braeburns they're nice and crunchy I bet you're wondering why there's an apple in the tingly basket well this week I think I have consumed the juice of 40 of these I've been doing I'm on a juice cleanse I wanted to raise my energy levels and feel more healthy I've been feeling quite tired lately and I know why that's because I have been drinking too much coffee and tea and big meals because it's winter so I decided that wasn't good enough and so I've been drinking juice green smoothies and I do feel a lot better so the apple this week is my very good friend because it's sweetening all of my vegetable juices and planishing my body with much needed vitamins energy life so thank you apple I so be chasing you later on back to bed - we have in okay this is extremely precious you this is a gift from a very special lady again named Katie and she's my friend she sent me a Christmas gift at Christmas of course and I was extremely touched by this gift because it's very very thoughtful special I don't know how to put this without it sounding a bit silly but I'm not someone who is he so has received in my life many really thoroughly thought out gifts I've always thought that people just never know what to get me okay deadly so that means she sent beautiful electric blue feather all two feathers in a quickly bucket and in her little note she suggested that these could be a decoration will cost you for the microphone and they will be and this here as well this is a vintage looking card I do like vintage things it's a peacock and there's a silver envelope to go with it and the bottom so it's orange gold it's really shiny and the peacock is in the style of a fan and it has flowers on it of course it quickly packet the card is blank inside so the last thing that she said wrapped in a tartan ribbon you here it's a book called small pleasures to save your life sorry the author is Maeve heron good bread warm towels crisp mornings girls night out eating the froth of the cappuccino these are the ordinary pleasures that make life worth living yet sometimes other things in our lives can be so overwhelming that we forget the healing power of these simple pleasures in this inspiring book best-selling author Mather and describes how the little things in life can prove to be the most satisfying swapping jokes with a shopkeeper or getting a smile from another driver when you let them into traffic makes you feel better about yourself then any self-help book the sight of a loved one's face waiting for you at the end of a journey reminds you of what really matters while the smell of freshly mown grass can fill you with happiness and enthusiasm for the day ahead small pleasures to save your life celebrates hundreds of these everyday delights all designed to remind us how joyful life is let's have a look inside and I'll read you a few things pages introduction we live in a world where change is fast and we can't control it life is stressful and sometimes we feel powerless we may not have religious faith to depend on families once around the corner are often either fractured or distant even marriage isn't the reliable safety net against loneliness it once was we are richer than ever before and we buy more Goods than any previous generation and yet statistics keep showing that way unhappier than ever and in recent times the cold wind of economic cutback kills us all forcing us to make savings wherever we can so what you can rely on isn't lie on that isn't immoral illegal or wildly expensive to make you feel that despite all this life is wonderful the answer is small pleasures okay number one is listing three good things we all have an inner voice that criticizes us and undermines us often it encourages us to compare our lives with other peoples and feel envious other people seem to have better lives newer cars more money nicer children or even in a subtler way they may seem to get what they want more or be calmer or more sorted than we feel ourselves the answer when the env demon gets his poisoned claws into you is to remind yourself that Envy only damages one person that's you instead of feeling envious list three good things that have happened today good idea this is one of my favorites good bread I grew up in a world of sliced white and can still remember the shock when I came to London at 16 and encountered unsliced granary bread it was warmed from the baker's oven nutty flavored with a darkened crust and entirely delicious bread would never be the same again even more amazing was that it was Sunday and the bread had just been baked in the small town where I grew up shops weren't open on Sundays and certainly no bakers this was long before supermarkets started baking their own bread on the premises so this granary bread summed up both New Horizons of taste and city sophistication for me this one is really sweet and I remember when Katie sent this to me I opened it at this page it's entitled buying yourself flowers in a perfect world all of us would receive a single red rose from our husband or lover on Valentine's Day a bouquet from our friends every birthday and a bunch of daffodils from our children to say thank you for being a wonderful mother suddenly the truth is rather different which is why the only person who will get you flowers you deserve is you personally I feel flowers are more of an essential than a luxury flowers are like sunshine or familiy and music they instantly lift your mood the greatest pleasure of all is to pick them from your own garden you don't need money just a couple of roses stuck in a jug look great I'll redo this one and then I will randomly flick through I love this one clean sheets is there anything on earth is satisfied as slipping between newly laundered crisp clean sheets I have a few foibles here I like them to be pure cotton if possible and by preference white with a white duvet cover but I'm prepared to make allowances hotels have a knack of making sheets smoother and crisper than you can get at home one of the special joys of staying in when I find I once stayed in a hotel that had a special pillow selection that they brought round on the trolley but for me pillows aren't as important as the smooth embrace of freshly laundered cotton so wash your bedsheets have a shower or a bath wash your hair dry your hair and jump into bed to find one bit that's quite special stargazing if you ever feel don't we all that your own little problems are getting on top of you go stargazing there's something about the grandeur of the night sky and the infinity of the stars that makes you feel both peaceful and full of wonder to really appreciate a starry starry night head away from the city because the bleed of the street light dims the extraordinary clarity of the star scape at our small cottage in the English countryside I wonder whether death I climbed to the top of the hill and to sly back and gaze until I almost feel in a trance it takes 15 minutes for your iris to open up fully so you need to be patient and wrap up if the night is clear and cold there is no moon and there's no moon you can see thousands of stars and it doesn't take much knowledge to spot the plough the Great Bear and the pole star and even the distant galaxies of Andromeda even if you can't tell you Orion from your purse Amiga I can't the sheer enormity and brightness of the sky will make you feel that the universe is a pretty amazing place and there's nothing like being outside at night to feel that even in a world overcrowded with millions of people you can occasionally have the planet to yourself during this winter when it's been dark very early dai come back home in my car maybe from the supermarket or write BNE and I sit there in the car I have to turn the end just wait just listen to the sounds around me and then I open the door get out and look at the sky from and just be there for a moment before I get back into there's meant do things planning today so stargazing is one of the things that I like to do now I've read this I'm going to do it for longer okay that was going to be the last one but I've just found another that I want to read this one is going to sleep no matter how tired you are your brain sometimes snaps awake just the wrong moment I have always been a bit of an insomniac wait flatteringly I attribute to being exceptionally energetic my mother was the same despite being full-time doctor and the mother of four if she couldn't sleep she would get up in the middle of the night and start painting ceilings which is all very well but it does leave you exhausted in the morning so I have tried many techniques to get myself to sleep in the dark watches of the night I wonder if she's heard of ASMR I don't think this is the only one that really seems to work get yourself into the decision that you most often sleep in and then go back in time to a house you want to lift in I take myself back to the home we once heard on the sea front of a small provincial town I start outside in the street and walk down the garden path and through the front door from there I walk through each room trying to recall every picture color scheme and piece of furniture in as much detail as possible I find I rarely get beyond the ground floor before I fall asleep it doesn't have to be a house it can be any memory that you can recall in exact detail it's the detail that does it by distracting you from the swirling thoughts that are rushing around your brain and keeping you awake psychologists apparently have a proper name for this visualization but it doesn't need a name it just works it's the detail that does it by distracting you from the swirling thoughts that are rushing round your brain and keeping you awake and it's the detail in the ASMR videos let's stop your swirling thoughts rushing around your head and keeping you awake if you think about it yes Emma doesn't need tonight it just works Thank You Katie for sending me such talk and nourishing gift because I shall be reading this quite often I read most of it as soon as I got it nice meant to be doing some other things I just can't read small pleasures to save your life it's the little things don't forget I hope you enjoyed this stink basket and I hope you liked the sound OH stool you I'm off now go and drink my last piece of the day before going to bed I think I shall take this book with me have read through few more small pleasures before I go to sleep take sleep well and enjoy the little things goodnightthis was right a s hello this is Emma and today's video is hey tingle basket as you can see now we have something special on its way don't we Christmas so the theme for this video is Christmasy things I thought you might like it sounds Christmas before I start I would like to say Merry Christmas to everyone I hope it's everything you want it to be everything it can be for you mostly I hope that it's we have tinsel it's very nice it's sort of a purpley ready color nice deep mysterious snugly in the self and of course Wesley let's have a look what's inside tinkle basket some will know what this is and so on so I shall explain this here is a cracker it's something we can't do it out over in this country we have them on our table during Christmas dinner so it is a cardboard tube and it's twisted on either end and inside Oh lots of goodies and what you must do is hold one end and someone else you have a sitting next to you pause the other side and inside there is a and the person with the side that has this part wins okay and they win what is inside so I'm not going to pull it for his reasons but I'm going to open it and show you what's inside a cracker so traditionally the cracker is pulled before dinner because it always has something inside that we have to have before dinner start to meet your own openness for you quietly of course okay for a cracker it must contain two things otherwise it's not a proper cracker and the first thing is this this is a paper hat we call them paper everyone around the table has to wear their crown clips on the head like this they come in all colors and whichever hat you get you have to wear it no matter if it's not your color in fact if it looks silly that's good so the second thing that it must always contain ears this joke the joke in this cracker is how does Jack Frost get to work and the answer is by icicles and everyone laughs obviously and then there's a gift and depending on which home crackers you bought whether you bought the cheaper ones or whether you decide to splash out and buy some luxury perk is that all depends on what gift you get you see to be honest um most of the things you getting crackers you don't really keep anyway so the cheaper ones are one in this one we have mini playing cards which are quite handy for Christmas Day I have to say so that as far as gifts in Christmas crackers go that's not about one other gifts include um nail scissors they don't work mini tape measures they guide kid or a mini um magnifying glass stuff like that or probably the worst thing you can get in a cracker or for me anyway and especially as a child is a golf tee usually in every box of crackers there are a few properties I think I prefer the mini data measures you also get many rulers and stuff like that so there we are mini playing cards I can't so let's pop this book and see what else is in the Dinka basket now you've seen a cracker hmm very important this is a box of cadburys roses so regardless of how healthy you are throughout the year if you're not a chocolate person or a sweet person or a super healthy person when Christmas comes around you have to have a box or a tin of either roses or the other one is quality Street now if I was to meet someone for the first time and I wanted to judge their character I'd say are you roses person or are you a quality street person and they said quality Street I'd be a little bit wary of them I have to say because roses oh my favorite so so in roses you would have my favorite of all time and that is hazelnut in caramel and they come in a purple wrapper they're so nice but the trick is not to eat all of your favorites first because then you've got nothing else to look like to pop on your endurance I also like the golden barrel I like to bite into the chocolate open it and look at caramel and then eat the chocolate which is another nice one strawberry dream I'll open it and show you my favorite let's see looks like just one egg top or near the top so this is what it looks like purple and it says contains hazelnuts and milk so we twist open sides here open it this is what the hazelnut caramel looks like and it's like segments in shape hmm you can see the caramel inside okay that is hot here we have next these are Christmas baubles the tree they have the tunnel thousand they're heart-shaped and I particularly like these ones because they have some nice words on them they say love joy cozy ah Noel Merry Christmas whole nice worth these are glass or balls and they have these little glitter stars on them which a nice spray Dwight these will go on the tree kick very important stuff okay we have here two jars one is applesauce and the other is cranberry sauce both essentials for a good Christmas so I always buy a cranberry sauce to go with the Christmas dinner and sometimes someone might like some apple sauce with their dinner too but my main reason for having apple sauce yz4 cheese and biscuits on Boxing Day on Boxing Day all I have want to do you stay in pajamas and which films that's my favorite Boxing Day because Christmas Day is so busy with people to cooking tidying up so it's nice to just do nothing on Boxing Day stay in a onesie pajamas and I wait till about 2 o'clock in the afternoon to have my teeth and biscuits my favorite cheese is Lancashire cheese because that the county I'm from and it tastes delicious and creamy and crumbly I will have some pickles too some crackers and apple sauce I'll have a few different cheeses the 90 cities always must be one of those this year I have gone for Coleman's of Norwich he ready to use a poor condiment sauce Apple 69% sugar water pops and something I would buy all year round it's just a must cranberry sauce I'm serving suggestion here pair a DC roast chicken or your delicious Christmas turkey with the generous helping of common thread and fruity cranberry sauce hey where did T's cranberry condiment sauce I should really make this myself shouldn't I I did one year gates um to my friends damn it chutney as well stuff here simple shredded silver I love this top it's nice to finish off the tree and you just have to cut it here and drape it on the edges of the branches of your tree and they just add a little bit of sparkle then nice you can get them in all colors and I like silver so I went or silver this year I like it I saw something else just a moment ago not this this is little decoration of scented dried things there is a heart woven with twigs and cinnamon sticks orange and bay leaves it's scented with the same scent that was on the potpourri that I made the video with so it will be nice just to hang maybe by the front door so anyone coming here will be welcomed with the smell of Christmas think the added Toth the Bailey's is really nice and have some nice color to it and cinnamon sticks are sprayed in gold which is lovely day everything is attached together with a string of plastic and tied it's hard it's just ugly one last thing on the tingle basket something I spotted this is a packet of cinnamon it's specifically for decoration with extra made in the Netherlands actually so with this I will top up my potpourri to give it a boost very short sticks but some of them are wide decorous season decoration looks like we had the cracker and we had the roses and the bubbles I need decoration I'm very sore and hanging me and finally the cinema now we're going to put the tinkle basket away until the next time I hope you enjoyed it have a wonderful Christmas and a Happy New Year I'll see you saying goodbye good night stay well goodnightis right a hello welcome to another tinkle basket video how are you as you can see I've taken some straw for the filling or should I say I've borrowed some straw from my chickens I have this single basket video is I have some nice there is a sounds only video off this basket and I think it's a few years ago so I won't make too many good a few let's have a look Oh here I have a brown envelope and the envelope is addressed to Emma whispers read it's all the way from the United States something very special I have a little painting that was made by very special lady and she sent it to me for the tingle basket I shall open inside this little package made from bubble wrap miniature painting as you can see itself I go with red hair and rosy cheeks and her eyes are closed down the side it says dream and the background is blue it's on canvas and it's on really sweet tiny wooden frame this painting was made by Diane nickim or Diane is it pronounced Nick I apologize it's wrong her name is Diane and she has a Facebook page named whimsical who ACK gook I'm terrible hot pie Diane could be ugh it could be work work bye Diane nakorn paintings on canvases of different sizes wooden plaques watercolor paper Porto Rico US territory it's coming a wasted Thank You Diane I shall put this on my desk or I do all my editing and she can keep me company and remind me all the lovely things brings to us all in our dreams yeah I shall put this to one side and you can have a look what else is in the tink basket alright this as you can see is an apple it's an English Apple of the Braeburn variety I like braeburns they're nice and crunchy I bet you're wondering why there's an apple in the tingly basket well this week I think I have consumed the juice of 40 of these I've been doing I'm on a juice cleanse I wanted to raise my energy levels and feel more healthy I've been feeling quite tired lately and I know why that's because I have been drinking too much coffee and tea and big meals because it's winter so I decided that wasn't good enough and so I've been drinking juice green smoothies and I do feel a lot better so the apple this week is my very good friend because it's sweetening all of my vegetable juices and planishing my body with much needed vitamins energy life so thank you apple I so be chasing you later on back to bed - we have in okay this is extremely precious you this is a gift from a very special lady again named Katie and she's my friend she sent me a Christmas gift at Christmas of course and I was extremely touched by this gift because it's very very thoughtful special I don't know how to put this without it sounding a bit silly but I'm not someone who is he so has received in my life many really thoroughly thought out gifts I've always thought that people just never know what to get me okay deadly so that means she sent beautiful electric blue feather all two feathers in a quickly bucket and in her little note she suggested that these could be a decoration will cost you for the microphone and they will be and this here as well this is a vintage looking card I do like vintage things it's a peacock and there's a silver envelope to go with it and the bottom so it's orange gold it's really shiny and the peacock is in the style of a fan and it has flowers on it of course it quickly packet the card is blank inside so the last thing that she said wrapped in a tartan ribbon you here it's a book called small pleasures to save your life sorry the author is Maeve heron good bread warm towels crisp mornings girls night out eating the froth of the cappuccino these are the ordinary pleasures that make life worth living yet sometimes other things in our lives can be so overwhelming that we forget the healing power of these simple pleasures in this inspiring book best-selling author Mather and describes how the little things in life can prove to be the most satisfying swapping jokes with a shopkeeper or getting a smile from another driver when you let them into traffic makes you feel better about yourself then any self-help book the sight of a loved one's face waiting for you at the end of a journey reminds you of what really matters while the smell of freshly mown grass can fill you with happiness and enthusiasm for the day ahead small pleasures to save your life celebrates hundreds of these everyday delights all designed to remind us how joyful life is let's have a look inside and I'll read you a few things pages introduction we live in a world where change is fast and we can't control it life is stressful and sometimes we feel powerless we may not have religious faith to depend on families once around the corner are often either fractured or distant even marriage isn't the reliable safety net against loneliness it once was we are richer than ever before and we buy more Goods than any previous generation and yet statistics keep showing that way unhappier than ever and in recent times the cold wind of economic cutback kills us all forcing us to make savings wherever we can so what you can rely on isn't lie on that isn't immoral illegal or wildly expensive to make you feel that despite all this life is wonderful the answer is small pleasures okay number one is listing three good things we all have an inner voice that criticizes us and undermines us often it encourages us to compare our lives with other peoples and feel envious other people seem to have better lives newer cars more money nicer children or even in a subtler way they may seem to get what they want more or be calmer or more sorted than we feel ourselves the answer when the env demon gets his poisoned claws into you is to remind yourself that Envy only damages one person that's you instead of feeling envious list three good things that have happened today good idea this is one of my favorites good bread I grew up in a world of sliced white and can still remember the shock when I came to London at 16 and encountered unsliced granary bread it was warmed from the baker's oven nutty flavored with a darkened crust and entirely delicious bread would never be the same again even more amazing was that it was Sunday and the bread had just been baked in the small town where I grew up shops weren't open on Sundays and certainly no bakers this was long before supermarkets started baking their own bread on the premises so this granary bread summed up both New Horizons of taste and city sophistication for me this one is really sweet and I remember when Katie sent this to me I opened it at this page it's entitled buying yourself flowers in a perfect world all of us would receive a single red rose from our husband or lover on Valentine's Day a bouquet from our friends every birthday and a bunch of daffodils from our children to say thank you for being a wonderful mother suddenly the truth is rather different which is why the only person who will get you flowers you deserve is you personally I feel flowers are more of an essential than a luxury flowers are like sunshine or familiy and music they instantly lift your mood the greatest pleasure of all is to pick them from your own garden you don't need money just a couple of roses stuck in a jug look great I'll redo this one and then I will randomly flick through I love this one clean sheets is there anything on earth is satisfied as slipping between newly laundered crisp clean sheets I have a few foibles here I like them to be pure cotton if possible and by preference white with a white duvet cover but I'm prepared to make allowances hotels have a knack of making sheets smoother and crisper than you can get at home one of the special joys of staying in when I find I once stayed in a hotel that had a special pillow selection that they brought round on the trolley but for me pillows aren't as important as the smooth embrace of freshly laundered cotton so wash your bedsheets have a shower or a bath wash your hair dry your hair and jump into bed to find one bit that's quite special stargazing if you ever feel don't we all that your own little problems are getting on top of you go stargazing there's something about the grandeur of the night sky and the infinity of the stars that makes you feel both peaceful and full of wonder to really appreciate a starry starry night head away from the city because the bleed of the street light dims the extraordinary clarity of the star scape at our small cottage in the English countryside I wonder whether death I climbed to the top of the hill and to sly back and gaze until I almost feel in a trance it takes 15 minutes for your iris to open up fully so you need to be patient and wrap up if the night is clear and cold there is no moon and there's no moon you can see thousands of stars and it doesn't take much knowledge to spot the plough the Great Bear and the pole star and even the distant galaxies of Andromeda even if you can't tell you Orion from your purse Amiga I can't the sheer enormity and brightness of the sky will make you feel that the universe is a pretty amazing place and there's nothing like being outside at night to feel that even in a world overcrowded with millions of people you can occasionally have the planet to yourself during this winter when it's been dark very early dai come back home in my car maybe from the supermarket or write BNE and I sit there in the car I have to turn the end just wait just listen to the sounds around me and then I open the door get out and look at the sky from and just be there for a moment before I get back into there's meant do things planning today so stargazing is one of the things that I like to do now I've read this I'm going to do it for longer okay that was going to be the last one but I've just found another that I want to read this one is going to sleep no matter how tired you are your brain sometimes snaps awake just the wrong moment I have always been a bit of an insomniac wait flatteringly I attribute to being exceptionally energetic my mother was the same despite being full-time doctor and the mother of four if she couldn't sleep she would get up in the middle of the night and start painting ceilings which is all very well but it does leave you exhausted in the morning so I have tried many techniques to get myself to sleep in the dark watches of the night I wonder if she's heard of ASMR I don't think this is the only one that really seems to work get yourself into the decision that you most often sleep in and then go back in time to a house you want to lift in I take myself back to the home we once heard on the sea front of a small provincial town I start outside in the street and walk down the garden path and through the front door from there I walk through each room trying to recall every picture color scheme and piece of furniture in as much detail as possible I find I rarely get beyond the ground floor before I fall asleep it doesn't have to be a house it can be any memory that you can recall in exact detail it's the detail that does it by distracting you from the swirling thoughts that are rushing around your brain and keeping you awake psychologists apparently have a proper name for this visualization but it doesn't need a name it just works it's the detail that does it by distracting you from the swirling thoughts that are rushing round your brain and keeping you awake and it's the detail in the ASMR videos let's stop your swirling thoughts rushing around your head and keeping you awake if you think about it yes Emma doesn't need tonight it just works Thank You Katie for sending me such talk and nourishing gift because I shall be reading this quite often I read most of it as soon as I got it nice meant to be doing some other things I just can't read small pleasures to save your life it's the little things don't forget I hope you enjoyed this stink basket and I hope you liked the sound OH stool you I'm off now go and drink my last piece of the day before going to bed I think I shall take this book with me have read through few more small pleasures before I go to sleep take sleep well and enjoy the little things goodnightwas right eh hello everyone and thank you for joining me today I'm going to tell you a little story very very early this morning I was sleeping all nice and warm in my bed I was dreaming away about nice things and I woke up to a little tapping on my frontal so I got up and I went downstairs open the front door on the doorstep there was a little books so I open the box and inside the box yeah you can imagine my surprise now some of you may recognize this and some of you will not and I will show you is the one and only long-lost first edition of the a summer book of tingles and it's as here a comprehensive guide to the most verbally Pinkalicious words known to the ancient I cannot tell you how privileged I feel to be in possession of this to be showing it to you right there do not be deceived by appearances now this book has actually been criticized in the past would you like to know why that's because some we describe this as a dictionary and indeed it is but unlike regular dictionaries this book does not explain the meaning of the words inside you now we all know that the meaning of any word comes alive when the word is spoke I'm going to read some of these words to you starting with the letter and working my way through he is all fast P blissfulness c-word we have courage courage courage and our D word is delicate one of my favorites II and perfect and bath extremely important next word fabulous fabulous graceful next one or eight very important that word is honesty honesty for i we have insightfulness okay we have Julius Julius and of course okay for kindness kindness and of course for hell we have love and one of my favorite word's eff is magical magical magical and for n we have nature nature nature optimistic optimistic optimistic participation participation participation quality quality oh we have responsibility responsibility responsibility and the next word is sparkly sparkly Sparkle and the next a treasure Tricia and the next one is unity unity unity and one of my most favorite works of all time is the mobility phone our ability for our ability because only when we are truly vulnerable can we truly see so our next word word with bottle meetings Wawa yeah so by no means these extremely zero to see judgment so I do hope you've enjoyed the ASMR book oh tingles and I have no idea came into my possession and how it ended up on my doorstep I'm very glad that it did I'll see you again I see goodbyethis right hey hi it's M here I'm here to remind you a few things you already know about yourself but you forgotten about them just a little bit lately I'm your friend and I want you to know I care about you I care about your well-being and your welfare your happiness and your sadness I need to remind you how strong how beautiful you are inside and how kind thoughtful generous you you're such a good friend you're happy all the time you smile all the time even though you may be feeling down you smile because you can't bear to give out sadness into this world and change someone else's day for the worse you want to make people happy and you deserve to be happy yourself don't ever forget how special you are and how important you are to everyone around you the strength that you give to your friends and to your family is appreciated and they love you everyone around you loves you some people need you and some people just love you everyone deserves to be happy and you are no exception don't forget to look after yourself feed yourself well make sure you have relaxing time just for yourself helping people is a good thing but you must also remember to help yourself because if you don't look after yourself you won't have enough energy to do the things that you want to do with your life make sure you get some exercise it doesn't have to be hours and hours in the gym it can be 10 minutes walking up and down the road anything as long as you get some exercise make sure you eat breakfast breakfast is very important drink lots of water and get to bed as early as you can and rest because tomorrow you are going to need all the strength that you can get and if you take care of yourself you will have that strength and any situation that arises you'll be able to deal with and deal with effectively because you are strong and healthy and happy take and smile every single day even though you might be feeling a little bit down any thoughts that pop into your head thoughts may be negative throw them away you don't need them you need positive thoughts positive energy and positive people in your life if I love every day as much love as you can find from the deepest depths of your soul throw it out of there and what you'll find is that love comes to you from all angles every single day whatever you give out to this world you will get back 10,000 times more love yourself and love others love is the most important thing you will ever learn and receiving love it's the most important thing you will ever learn give and receive know that you deserve it take it use it store it stick it in the oven bake it and feed it to your friends feed your family and feed it to everyone love is everything and you have got tons away inside of you you are happy you are positive and you are so beautiful take care look after yourselfSo welcome to our Russian table Today, I will show you some of the most popular and favorite dishes among Russians in Russian federation and some of the European [countries] around it as well [I] Won't be sleeping on some cloths a cup of cloths Also known to Europe or states or at the rest of the world is one beer? It does Consist of Rye bread and it does contain a little bit of alcohol in it which is 1.2 percent, so let's up our Mmm. Also, I will show you and obviously taste some of the hot soups um particularly in this case bush also cloth or a pilaf known to the rest of the world Also will taste some of the most favorite salad such as undressed hearing and Olivier salad Also, I have some sauerkraut in here or sour cabbage And will taste and take a look at some of the sweets [some] of the most favorite sweet we're just don't gingerbread and Seafood so stay tuned and let's [tart] The first dish that we're going to try is called Borscht And this is a super ukranian origin And it's very popular in Russia as well as some Eastern and Central Europe It's made with the root And that's what's giving. It its deep Reddish purple color It is usually served with sacrum Hmm. It is one of my favorite soups the traditional recipe includes carrots some [tomatoes] beets potatoes cabbage And some bouillon It does have an incredible rich radish and purplish color that gives it that um Different look to it. The smell is also very very rich Many people sometimes add garlic into [it] into this dish as well That's and then extra kick to it and makes it extra okay, so here ah Here we have a dish That is very popular all over the world It has been found in the 10th century and Central Asia however um The consistency in the ingredients truly depends on the location in the local cuisine preferences I Did make this dish myself? I did make all of the dishes here However this one So I have a piece of pork a piece of carrot Um I did add some garlic to [it] as well. So [it] really has a lot of aroma And of course I have it. It's all the proper spices [Mm-Hmm] I really really like the spices purple of It always makes it taste Just so specific And of course how many many nations have adopted? this dish and now they make It their own It is very popular to be made with fish with pork chicken beef veal basically anything you can imagine and different nations obviously had different flavorings to them, so now let's move on to the All right So this dish this cool Sauerkraut Where's our cabbage? or Kawashima a pasta that [is] in Russian And um in Russia. We do at Jupiter Barry don't care as well as I brought you dropped a piece. Oh No this dish Is um basically I? Started off from I'm also sour cabbage. Yes, I created in Kimchi [as] Kimchi in China and um Usually this is created by the process of pickling the cabbage And it's very high in [Vitamin] C B and K Also, it's a very good for immune system Has a lot [of] calcium and magnesium in some um it's almost like a super antioxidant food for your body Okay so that's the [Sauerkraut] or sour cabbage [or] [gold] quashnick boost now How about we're trying one of my personal favorites? This one is called unusual you, and I'm so excited to [eat] it [I] Love you Consists in this case out of Bologna um peas carrots eggs pickles And potatoes I believe and a gold filled up with me babies Now let's try it so I don't Mmm-Hmm Definitely one of my most favorite dishes ever not very healthy for you however have to get but It is the most favorite dish To have on the table during holidays such as Christmas or New Year's [a] lot of people to really enjoy this but if you traditionally um is not actually a russian dish because a regional version I [their] original version of this recipe was invented by Belgian chef His name is Lucien. I give you and Um he has been created in 1860 but in early 20th century a husband stolen Yu1 even off, I'm russian chef Who added different ingredients and made it? Into this beautiful dish that's again one of the most popular and most traditional dishes on the water and [Abel] Yep And I believe you called it actually still [eaten] it um but Within among people is just gold Okay, so I have to be honest This salad has got to be my most favorite one And this one is gold dressed hearing more [sales], but should we or the actual? translation of it is hearing under fur coat and [I] so it's because of the fluffy tapping the to get Now this one consists off a layer of salted hearing fish followed by some onion carrots potatoes beads and me Even though it is a little bit weird and quite different. It is definitely one of the most favorite dishes most favorite salad Out there And I really think I can eat day and night [nuts]. [tapa]. Just because how good it is and again Even though [ass] fish and like pickled salted fish And you might turn off a lot of people, but it's amazing Mm-Hmm Don't let me have a little break and I'll show you some of the suites All right, so now sweet of course um They're a whole lot [different] [sweets] Russian Russian federation, I'll go show you some of the most popular [ones] as well as local Candy season sweet [of] course we have wonderful cakes and mainly we need more varieties of Sweet I just found to show [you] two most favorite First one is leave you or dual gingerbread Now it is here. It's very similar to um [marshmallow] Has a lot of sugar and egg whites in it Does have less grounds Alexei's? Crumbles, so [it's] quite different texture for Marshmallow, but it's considered to be a similar item now let's See and it's cool thing in So you can actually hear a little bit of a crunch from this I Don't know it's quite soft. [I] still have quite a quick I Was very very sweet Mm-Hmm. [very] [sugary] kind of powdery at times? Mm-Hmm very kind of like Marshmallow with more sugar Or just wondering my favorites this one's just manila um gingerbread sexually paid into town difficult to And back in Russia. I'm actually not a developer city, so we drive by many types first tula gingerbread was created in a 69 1685 Usually it's filled with Jim or honey Let's go to great So we can take a look So again, you can see some up to Jim Right in the middle of it And I don't forgot to show you it actually says [Boyce] key which means So you can see [damn] great have some glazing Martha [hmmm]. I didn't have these for a while Quite Mr.. Monk very nice Jim Goats rising middle [Mm-Hmm] Marry Carmine Yet the dough is still quite moist To see little pattern on the bottle Your glazing on the top. I think it's decorated perfectly and beautifully Good for them Good don't be damp [thank] you [very] much for watchingthis right a hello how are you I hope you're well this video is going to be sounds from the tingle basket I'm about to do that in a moment but before I do it would be very wrong meaning upload that video without first speaking with the same something which I feel is very important I won't keep you for too long so the last video I made was the steep phones giveaway and in that video I said if you would like to enter competition or the giveaway competitions not my favorite well then I said all you have to do really make a comment under the video but I said if you would like to then it would be nice of you but down your experience I wasn't expecting so many comments if you look you'll see it's it's overwhelming it's crazy but what surprised me the most was how and it shouldn't but it surprised me how much time and thought healing went into comment I'm still waiting through them all I'm reading every single one carefully taking it all in it's important to me and as I wade through them it just makes me feel so proud proud of you proud of me beautiful culmination of so many amazing things that makes is I've always said that it's way more than just single and those comments just prove that so when they've all come in I tell you I'm going to link those comments to anyone that will listen anyone anyone out there who doesn't believe or isn't aware of how special Oh little guy non-judgmental sweet little corner of the internet and if they don't understand how much his Imam means to the people that enjoy it follow it believe in it and you use it I'm going to show them this covered so thank you thank you thank you for taking the time to type oral or really personal experiences up as well it's very special and I appreciate it a lot well I can show to be honest I love it that we can share our experiences with each other and things like that and those comments will be there forever for everyone to read everyone with the same experiences the same feelings and those who want to learn they'll always be there where are I don't I think so this is a look fire camera touching for me to you would you like to see what's behind me you guessed it play think about it you now I'm going to be quiet so that you can focus on the sound of the basket so I'll say good night now you youHello there Welcome to the sleep clinic I'm so happy you decided to volunteer today We're doing a very exciting, or should I say relaxing experiment I'm very very happy that you're here. Let me run through what I'm going to do with you. So with me today I have a myriad of items that are going to be used on you to trigger your relaxation If you feel any sort of tingles or euphoria or just general sleepiness, that's what we're going for and you can let me know. Feel free to fall asleep during this test. I will be taking your blood pressure before and after the entire test, but other than that I have you hooked up. to some non evasive tools Sorry, there's a-. Okay. And that will give us all the information that we need so all you need to do is sit back and relax. We have over 10 Triggers I would like to try on you. Does that sound okay? Great. Well. First things first Let me test you blood pressure, okay? Let me put my clipboard down. Okay. This is going to go around your arm okay? Okay. Is that steady? Good good. Very good. This...Goes there... Okay. Very good. See, that was easy! And you won't see this again until the very end of the test. So if you have fallen asleep by then all the better. So before you can truly enjoy these triggers, let's get you comfortable. Sorry 'bout my instruments Alright. So in you bed at home do you have a twin, a full, a queen, or a king? And would you say that your mattress is on the softer or the firmer side? Do you use, how many blankets do you use? sheets, and then do you use a blanket or comforter or quilt? okay. Then how many pillows do you sleep with? Okay Do you tend to sleep on your side, on your back, on your stomach, or a combo? I see And how many hours do you sleep at night? You can do the weekday if that's more normal for you. The weekday and how about the weekend? Okie doke. So. I have for you This pillow And this ... feel it This is a combo latex pillow It is extremely soft And it is very malleable to your head. If you squish it down it will pop right back up unlike those Tempur-Pedic beds or pillows Okay, so You can keep your pillow right behind your head And I also have ... Your robe So this is a very very plush robe just for you ya feel it So you can put this on while I get the first test ready. Okay So let's prepare for the first trigger. The first one I would like you to do today is the simple hand movement trigger. So I want to do the visual triggers first because if you fall asleep, um, I won't be able to gauge your reaction to them. So I would like to do some hand movements. And I will have you complete some simple tasks such as following my finger. Okay great. So you could just concentrate on my hands. getting close to your face but not being too invasive you can let me know if you're uncomfortable with anything in this entire process, okay? by studying the effects ... of personal attention and concentration as well as the understudied "art" you can say of visual stimulation instead of the use of sounds I'm not going to spend too much time on every trigger. because I would like you to get the full effect but just enough Okay okay now what I would like you to do is simply follow my finger okay? just with your eyes you don't have to move your head okay there we go this way up good and down and over here and over here and I'm going to go a little bit closer to you good and good job okay there we go okay perfect job let me mark that Do you have any feedback about that trigger? On a scale from one to ten? okay very good So the rest of the triggers are going to be very sound-based. So what I'm going to do ... ... is hook you up with one of these ... ... incredibly relaxing ... ... headphone sets. Now I have two options for you. This first option in the pink is a lighter material and this black pair is thicker and and it's fleece-y so these are the sleep phones [?] for your ears It's very aptly put So if you've had trouble with earbuds or headphones, not being able to lye on your side while you're trying to listen to something to relax or fall asleep this is your solution I personally use these every single night So this option is actually the corded option which means it's attached just like regular headphones with a jack but, you can get bluetooth ones etc. etc. if cords aren't your style and then inside there's a right and a left speaker so it goes over your head like a headband and sits snuggly on your ears I'm just going to put it over your head like this and make sure that the speakers line up to your ears they're completely flat when you lay down side to sideSo you want to be a sleep fairy? Well it's your lucky day. You've been selected as a sleep fairy in training. And soon you too may earn your wings, just like I did. As a sleep fairy, your primary goal at all times is to provide relaxation and help people sleep. My biggest challenge in training new sleep fairies is that everyone falls asleep in class. But as Tingles the Sleep Fairy, I can hardly discourage people from sleeping. But I do hope you'll pay attention. In this class we will be learning about the most beautiful gift that all fairies posses because we come from the magical land of Assmer. We have the gift to help people relax thanks to a new fandangled invention called the Youtube machine. Mortals have finally learned of the mystical powers of Assmer, except they mistakenly call it ASMR. But that's okay, we're just glad that it helps them. So lesson 1 is about helping people to relax by doing something calming like brushing their hair. Not only does hair brushing provide the physical relaxation, the feeling of relaxation that comes with someone that's gently touching our hair and just generally being compasionate towards us. The sound is also quite delightful. I've been spending most of my life living in a sleep fairies paradise. Yes indeed. Darn it feels good to be a sleep fairy. I think I enjoy brushing people's hair almost as much as I enjoy having my own hair brushed. Scalp massage is another excellent way to help people relax. It's important to vary your touch between gentle motions, scratching motions, and then using a bit more force to truly massage the musculature around the scalp. Now that after you've messed someones hair up quite nicely, you might find it nice to brush it back into place. [brushing sounds] In lesson 2 we will explore the magic of random objects in Assmer. Our fist example is a paper towel. Yes indeed even an object as mundane as a paper towel makes for a wonderful Assmer experience. Alternating from ear to ear and from ear to ear helps to improve the relaxing effect. It should be noted that in fact the more mundane the object, oftentimes the more relaxing the effect. Assmer teaches us to appreciate every little thing, bringing our focus to these small, often taken for granted sounds. Another fantastic example is another new fandangled invention that theses crazy mortals have come up with. It's known as a cellular phone, or mobile phone. The origination of the mobile phone was so that people could remain in communication with one another, even when they weren't at home. You might also hear people refer to it as a car phone or in this case and Eh phone. Kind of a funny name for the thing. But the tapping sounds are quite loevly. Lesson 3. In lesson 3, it's important to take note that every person has different Assmer triggers. Where some people really enjoy tapping, other people might actually find it quite annoying or even distressing. So as you're met with the challenges of helping people sleep, understand that it may just take a little exploration to find that persons favorite trigger. In lesson 4, we will cover the top 10 most common triggers, but for now just remember not to worry if someone isn't responding to certain triggers, that it may just take a little bit of sampling of various noises to discover what will make that person sleep. And then oftentimes, seemingly unsuspecting objects make the most tingle inducing. Lesson 4, the most common Assmer triggers. We began this class by discussing hair brushing and scalp massage. These are some of the most common triggers. You may also hear people to refer to personal attention as a trigger. There are many, many calming effects of having someone treat you kindly and compassionately. So remember that in any trigger application, have a touch of grace, a touch of compassion, always be gentle and loving. The first trigger we'll discuss is tapping. Perhaps because this is something that we all find ourselves doing from time to time, perhaps because of the sensation on the fingertips. Tapping is incredibly relaxing both to hear and to actually do . You'll also find that every different object taps a little differently. I myself love tapping so much, I'll tap just about anything. For instance I found this paintbrush and I thought "Well gee, I'd tap that." And while I have this paintbrush in hand, that brings me to the second trigger. Brushing is a very calming sound. Brushing various object is also very relaxing. You can even brush brushes and depending how ticklish a person's ears might be, you can sometimes even brush their ears. Brushes are delectable and soft, making them a wonderful Assmer tool. The 3rd trigger is crinkling, however it should be dully noted that crinkling must be done incredibly gently because this sound can be quite abrupt if something is crinkled too hard. Lesson 5, again we return to this idea that the everyday objects we rarely ever give our full attention to make wonderful tools of Assmer. For instance, the mere removing of a lid. This is one reason why people may be relaxed by watching someone put their makeup on, or do other daily routine type activities. Spritzing is another lovely sound, and if you are spritzing an aromatherapy type of item. For instance, if you were to spritz an aromatherapy spray, like this lavender spray, you have a double benefit in helping the person to relax. As we conclude our class, I leave you with a simple goal before we meet again. Your homework is to explore your own Assmer triggers and to bring with you to class next week, an unsuspecting item that you found to be very relaxing. Perhaps it will be a wooden bowl or perhaps a latex glove, you just never know where you may find your absolute favorite trigger. For me, it's nail polish bottles, my favorite type of glass tapping. Well thank you for staying so attentive during class today, and just know you're one step closer to getting your wings. Well I guess class is dismissed then. Let me go get you a pillow. In the magical land of Assmer, even our pillows are Assmer triggers. If you liked this video and you found our videos helpful, I hope you'll consider helping us out by visiting our Patreon page. You'll receive access to over 15 exclusive videos, including ASMR behind the scenes, blooper videos and a weekly vlog. You'll also get MP3 downloads of ASMR audio, glamour photography photo sets, and a lot more, check out the free teaser videos. Thank you so much for watching.Hello to you On this hot summer day I thought it could be a perfect time for me to play and... care for your ears a little bit what do you think? I'll be very gently brushing your ears tapping on them ever so gently as well like so and it could feel very nice [sigh] ...yes... your ears are such a nice shape so smooth and velvety yes, please pardon the traffic sounds nothing I can do I apologize but I felt the need to make a simple sit down video with you just being in each other's company and I've been looking at your ears for so long so I was excited to finally maybe play with them yes how about I'll just do one ear at a time a little tapping like this with my fingertips now with my nails this might feel different and I'm going to rub my hands up and down do you like this? mmhmm and cup I love cupping oftentimes to me it reminds me of the sound that you hear when you place a big seashell next to your ear and it sounds like ocean waves feels good? lemme just, gently tug on the tips of your ears on the top just, opening up that fold right here opening it up just squeezing it out a bit this is called "ear yoga" where you unfold the folds of your ears and feels like a very needed stretch I hope you agree. just brushing over your beautiful silky smooth ears I have some brushes too and I'll just brush along your ear, ok? Like this: I know that this might be not the sleepiest video but I thought I'll just enjoy your company a little bit more Yes you know, one of my most favorite things actually spending time with you honestly this time right now, right here, is one of my favorite times I like that I can just quietly gently care for you and make you feel good this could be ever so slightly entertaining as well for you I love to be pampered I love to be, to receive attention when someone touches me or brushes my hair, my face, my ears so by knowing how pleasant this can be, it becomes my pleasure to just to know that this might bring you some kind of peaceful feelings feelings, feelings, feelings, feelings, feelings, feelings so today maybe not a sleepy video but I hope a relaxing video in some shape or form traffic noises could be actually peaceful sometimes creates a white noise sound as well I also have this super soft brush too so lets brush your ears with it if you allow me this one definitely sounds like the ocean, doesn't it? You can hear the bristles going over your ears all the folds in your ear too what do you think about this one I like the sounds of the cupping and then whispering through the cupping sound like this do you like that too? [unintelligible whispering] cup cup, cup, cup cup, cup cup hope this brings you nice and relaxing feelings feelings feelings gentle cup, cup, cup gentle cup, cup, cup just pressing and letting go pressing and letting go pressing and letting go x2 so how was your day today? Was it a good day for you? Is it also hot where you are? It is getting hot in here And the airconditioning is not working too well But I hope that you feel nice and fresh, nice and cool and refreshed nice and cool and refreshed I hope this feels good for you I hope that you can enjoy your evening or your night Or anytime of the day I'm going to tap on your ears first with my fingers, like so Is it ticklish at all? No? Good. now with my nails, mhm, tapping with my nails right over your ears yes this might... feel quite interesting maybe even quite nice just testing out what you like on your ears and I can do little gentle, soft massages just squeezing your ear a little bit and releasing squeezing your ear, and releasing good very gently making sure that this is pleasant for you that maybe if it's not the sleepiest I can make you, you might at least be just pleasant, mhm cup, cup, cup cup, cup, cup cup, cup, cup cup, cup, cup so, would you mind letting me know what you thought of this if this is something that you would want me to do more of did you enjoy the quality here, that you could hear in your ears did you like me touching the tips of your ears and just, massaging gently talking and tapping on your ears this could be quite, quite relaxing so now I'll let you be thank you for hanging out with me it was my pleasure to be here with you today and thank you for lending me your ear thank you sweetheart for everything til next timeHello my friend Relaxing hand sounds With my special... ...but so special techniques. Just lay down And relax with me This is special but too special hand movements techniques Because you need to some relaxation And tonight... I'm gonna give you some really great relaxation Hey! Are you there? OK! GREAT! And are you happy right now? GREAT! RELAX! my special friend Close your eyes my friend Close your beautiful eyes! You need to sleep Just sleep! Are you ok? really? GREAT! Feel my hands Just feel the relaxation FAST! Just relax! Close your beautiful eyes And try to fall asleep for a while with my special but so special... hand movements and special hand sounds Sleep my friend Just sleep You need to sleep and you have to sleep! Come on my friend! Just sleep!Hello to you On this hot summer day I thought it could be a perfect time for me to play and... care for your ears a little bit what do you think? I'll be very gently brushing your ears tapping on them ever so gently as well like so and it could feel very nice [sigh] ...yes... your ears are such a nice shape so smooth and velvety yes, please pardon the traffic sounds nothing I can do I apologize but I felt the need to make a simple sit down video with you just being in each other's company and I've been looking at your ears for so long so I was excited to finally maybe play with them yes how about I'll just do one ear at a time a little tapping like this with my fingertips now with my nails this might feel different and I'm going to rub my hands up and down do you like this? mmhmm and cup I love cupping oftentimes to me it reminds me of the sound that you hear when you place a big seashell next to your ear and it sounds like ocean waves feels good? lemme just, gently tug on the tips of your ears on the top just, opening up that fold right here opening it up just squeezing it out a bit this is called "ear yoga" where you unfold the folds of your ears and feels like a very needed stretch I hope you agree. just brushing over your beautiful silky smooth ears I have some brushes too and I'll just brush along your ear, ok? Like this: I know that this might be not the sleepiest video but I thought I'll just enjoy your company a little bit more Yes you know, one of my most favorite things actually spending time with you honestly this time right now, right here, is one of my favorite times I like that I can just quietly gently care for you and make you feel good this could be ever so slightly entertaining as well for you I love to be pampered I love to be, to receive attention when someone touches me or brushes my hair, my face, my ears so by knowing how pleasant this can be, it becomes my pleasure to just to know that this might bring you some kind of peaceful feelings feelings, feelings, feelings, feelings, feelings, feelings so today maybe not a sleepy video but I hope a relaxing video in some shape or form traffic noises could be actually peaceful sometimes creates a white noise sound as well I also have this super soft brush too so lets brush your ears with it if you allow me this one definitely sounds like the ocean, doesn't it? You can hear the bristles going over your ears all the folds in your ear too what do you think about this one I like the sounds of the cupping and then whispering through the cupping sound like this do you like that too? [unintelligible whispering] cup cup, cup, cup cup, cup cup hope this brings you nice and relaxing feelings feelings feelings gentle cup, cup, cup gentle cup, cup, cup just pressing and letting go pressing and letting go pressing and letting go x2 so how was your day today? Was it a good day for you? Is it also hot where you are? It is getting hot in here And the airconditioning is not working too well But I hope that you feel nice and fresh, nice and cool and refreshed nice and cool and refreshed I hope this feels good for you I hope that you can enjoy your evening or your night Or anytime of the day I'm going to tap on your ears first with my fingers, like so Is it ticklish at all? No? Good. now with my nails, mhm, tapping with my nails right over your ears yes this might... feel quite interesting maybe even quite nice just testing out what you like on your ears and I can do little gentle, soft massages just squeezing your ear a little bit and releasing squeezing your ear, and releasing good very gently making sure that this is pleasant for you that maybe if it's not the sleepiest I can make you, you might at least be just pleasant, mhm cup, cup, cup cup, cup, cup cup, cup, cup cup, cup, cup so, would you mind letting me know what you thought of this if this is something that you would want me to do more of did you enjoy the quality here, that you could hear in your ears did you like me touching the tips of your ears and just, massaging gently talking and tapping on your ears this could be quite, quite relaxing so now I'll let you be thank you for hanging out with me it was my pleasure to be here with you today and thank you for lending me your ear thank you sweetheart for everything til next timehello and welcome to a vibrational massage treatment we're going to be using Himalayan balls directly on the body today so we're working with lovely sound vibration I'm also going to be bringing in some crystals and I'll talk about tuning into the person you're working with and also doing a full-body scan before beginning the treatment okay you want to check that your person is lovely and relaxed and comfortable that's very important so it straighten out our clothes around the ankles and even just give them a gentle roll there on the hips press down on the shoulders just encourages them to relax let's start with some crystals crystals are a perfect accompaniment to any treatment it's kind of like having two treatments any one having the crystals around you can choose whichever crystals you think would be right for the person you're working with today I went for amethyst which is a very high vibrational spiritual stone it's useful for so many different things it's one of my favorites and I don't really don't go a day without holding some amethyst it's very calming today we're going to ask for some emotional centering some clarity of thought and enhanced intuition from the amethyst so I went for points today and I'm going to place those around Ruth's head if you're using points you can point them towards you to drawing the energy from the crystal or you can point it away from you to draw energy out of you kind of like energy plucking birds in a nice gentle way it's around here I wouldn't advise placing all crystals by the head it's important to choose wisely amethyst is fine just have a read up on all the crystals you are using and then your life now let's tune in to our person if you're particularly empathic or sense - this comes quite easily but I do believe that anyone can do this it's just about developing that extra sense or that extra sensitivity just through practice and getting used to feeling how other people feel around you so tuning in is basically becoming one with the person you're working with tuning into them feeling how they feel and you can also use it to set your intention for the session so you just place a hand or two hands over their heart center take some nice deep breaths and eventually you start to breathe at the same time you can take a moment to say to yourself something like May healing sounds flow through me and when they go to wherever they are needed oh you could say my healing sounds flow through me and may they go to Ruth's highest good something like that whatever works for you you can be a spiritual or religious or anything you want nothing is wrong but what is important is your intention always you've probably tuned into your person already without realizing it but it's nice to start this way and be aware take this moment now we're going to move on to scanning the body as you know your body is made up of trillions of cells all working away doing their own thing moving around keeping themselves busy on their tasks at hand and movement creates energy so your body is radiating energy all the time and you have layers of energy all around your body each layer creates another layer and this is called the aura so I'm going to scan the aura and we might detect a blockage or a gap in your or somewhere and there are lots of ways to do this you can use sound you can use hand you can dowse with a pendulum so if we were to use sound and we could use the voice which is probably my favorite it's the most personal it's very gentle but before I became confident using my voice I used a chime and anything with a nice clear tone will work this is very very gentle so we just strike the time I run it over person around the aura when you hear a dip in the sound that's generally the area you need to focus your intention to work on okay we don't go over an area too many times don't know need to go back you've gone over once don't forget to round the head to use the voice you just need to very simply choose a tone that you're comfortable with and tone over the body we can do proper toning which is the way that the Buddhist monks tone it takes a lot of practice I just do a nice player sound like that all around Oh like I said you could use hands that's a nice way to do it if you are into Reiki you can do it that way you can do the Reiki symbols on your hands oh yeah well you can ask for universal energy scan your hands over the body like this and everyone feels this differently but usually you will feel an extra heat sensation or a tingle palm with your hands if you want to open up your hands first open up your palms you can do this like I said this no mistakes nothing is wrong you find your own technique and as long as your intention is there then it's right always as with everything in life intention is everything finally you can scan the body using a pendulum I'll show you mine my pendulum is chef on amethyst good for decision-making and diagnosis okay so we can douse the chakras with our pendulum I don't know if you've ever used a pendulum before but you would hold it like this the chakra and say show me yes or I'll show me now and your pendulum will move in different directions according to the answer so we hold it over the show cruise and so so and we can do a body scan that toy okay so now we have scanned the body and usually by this time your person is extremely relaxed and melting off it's a nice atmosphere okay so let's begin the ball massage now I'm going to be using a small bowl this is my G bowl and it has a handle inside she just helps me to move it around the body I just place it gently on the lower back here okay use my mallet here you might want to just hold a ball on your person's body before you do anything else before you start the treatment just so that they're aware of how it's going to feel but it's very nice very gentle and it's through practice that you would know how much pressure to add how hard to beat the ball okay so gently press down and beat the side of the ball move it across the lower back so a small ball just gives you the ability to move around easier move it up very slowly side of the spine back down again not to go too close to the head because the vibrations are quite strong and it can be quite uncomfortable those travel up back up the skull just go probably up shoulder blade there and then move around the hips again okay I know we can go up the other side of the spine if you feel you need to hold in any places that's fine too and those lovely vibrations will go through the body feels lovely the pressure of the bowl it's nice to have such a lovely round base so massages the muscles along with the sound and then we go across the back again you can apply quite a bit of pressure down here okay so now we want to go down the Lex I quite like to hold it over the car myself and vibrate through the leg back up again you always want to use a nice soft bata anything harder would be too harsh in the sound would grate a little bit back up to the lower back I'm concentrating on grounding and balance here so I'm keeping focus around the lower back and the hips just to bring the vibrations up spend a little bit more time in that area and down the other leg again I'm going to hold a it's over the car it's for sure lovely vibrations she can hear the ball still vibrating and sounding as you go across it does go for quite a long time we were to hold it you really listened the ringing for quite a while like still going on [Music] finally we can just bring the ball right down the side to the side of the hip then across again [Music] across background to the base of the spine okay can even feel vibrations just holding your hand just there around the outside of the ball so you can go up and down as many times as you like but just be mindful of not overdoing it sometimes little is more okay pop that back there and finally just to finish off the massage I'm going to bring in my big F heart Bowl it's quite heavy and it probably looks like it's a little bit too much but actually it just feels really really lovely and comforting when on the body as long as it's placed in the right area so I'm going to pop it here which i think is about the only place I would place this on the back just there and we strike it or hear the sound and the waves will go right through this whole area here and resonate through the bone just a lovely feeling so just give it a nice spin around load the weight feel nice on the bottom of its back and depending on the shape of your person you might need to support your bomb a little bit so I'm going to place my fingers underneath this side remember the sound carries on for a long long time so you can wait to do its thing and I'll have some deep relaxation going on right now I can see somebody touches some rays which means she's in deep relaxation you might also hear some tummy rumbles those are all body signs of relaxation once we get into rest and digest mode that's when our body is working to its full capacity your organs are working well you're digesting your body's doing its work that's why it's important to relax [Music] when you're ready just very gently lift the ball off the body back and that concludes our vibrational massage treatment I hope you enjoyed that if you did do let me know and maybe next time I can show you a treatment where we place the balls on the body and leave them in certain areas there's one position especially which I like to use to deal with feelings of anxiety and it really works for me so there we are thank you for watching I hope you sleep well good night youHello my friend Um sorry I have been away I'm fighting a little bit of a stubborn cold that would not seem to go away So my voice does not sound the best But I thought um it is an emergency time And I felt like I needed to hang out with you Just be here by your side for a second I know that it's been quite a challenging time It is very difficult victorious and happy and buzzy or very down and sad and both are completely fine to feel but as we know these comes in a balance and we're going to try and balance ourselves out today and relax try to calm ourselves down and get ready for the future just for the life to happen so I thought that it would be appropriate for me to bring some things and to bring some things that I think sounds nice are you so that we will take care of you lovely relax you knob so you can have nice sweet dreams tonight so whatever you feel is not going to be an extreme feeling it's going to be a calming feeling at this time and in trance like ready to grass definitely time to heal let's sit down or lay down won't start yes we're going to have our friend here my plant it always brings me smile on my face it sits and lives by my office table now look at it every day and helps me think so it's going to be helping us today we'll start - louder sounds and it's very simple but using a calculator and you might wonder well so I thought that you could possibly do it how are you feeling different motions different words everything to relax it's the most important I know it could be tough apart if I can to come down you happiness or I'm frustrated that's fine I'm here we're together we go through things together help each other out we're going to sit here for you on the cell phone that's why a microphone might be different and you know it's very impromptu video I did not plan on the 300 I thought that it was an emergency and I felt that many people who are struggling and need it just some rest great mm-hmm airplanes will be joining us tonight us and we'll take our cotton pads ever so gently Jan yeah I want that you ever so jammed just barely pressing reef ingress against your hey please just can I could make you feel sleepy and so soon it's so calm just state realm and wrath and peace yes we know that everything works out all the time no matter what we got each other we love each other we need each other and we're here for each other okay um we can apply this nice skin therapy oil lotion on your face so you're good for you it has a lot right acids and fat it's a lot of anti-aging skin benefit and it's going to relax you warm up yeah to myself okay so let's read it fits me my palms very gently rubbing it in old oils come to me exalt break apart or mop my palms and then we're going to press it against your skin and it's going to be so assuming it's going to be so nice and warming to clean hand wonderful aroma oils the feeling of nourish until start start to feel like coming from my hands and on to the rest of your body your tanto very nice or I see feeling any good to feel so nice so trance-like we give you at peace yeah yes my love everything is script everything's okay I'm here and I'm going to massage just gently okay just right here gently rapping you dance I feel soothing I know traffic is loud sorry cheeks a lot of people live around us yes when you Tim yes it will feel good and soothing and pour into relaxing good scream I also wanted to bring back this wonderful purse you make really cool sound I wanted to make soon a sounds video the type like that intoxicating sounds just like that no talking I wanted to include this in it you feel good to dish but for now I'll included in decision sir for you just okay it's a wonderful combination of frame stones and darts all attached all summer I was wearing this purse thank you thank you oh my gosh I know my friends you put one too little date feels better all right hearing it is a very impromptu video I'm sorry record on my cell phone and I mean I'm doing my best but I have been working a lot of cool videos for you so I'll make them into reality soon as soon as I recover okay I always think always think how are they doing what is he doing I wonder how do you feeling and it's important no what did you matter and your opinion and your voice is better to matter what happens in life we've got each other and that's all that matters everything will be okay everything will be great all right don't play everywhere I also granted book shiatsu it's for my massage school when I used to go to massage school we needed to learn about shiatsu and I kept all of my books so I wanted to show you love it well not sure you would tell you a little bit about shouts right here the word satsang in Japanese she I'm sorry the word shiatsu is Japanese she reversed her finger and Matsu means pressure the Japanese Ministry of Health defines shiatsu as a form of manipulation by thumbs fingers and palms without the use of instruments mechanical or otherwise to apply pressure to the human skin to correct internal malfunctioning promote and maintain health and treat specific diseases so the techniques used in shiatsu include stretching holding at most commonly cleaning body weight into various points along key channels great all the movement is supposed to come from your Hara when the massage therapist creates a shiatsu protocol they will become e from their horror or sacral chakra Orange it is our vital center of life it is our center of gravity it is three two module on the ambiguous and three tuned deep inside belly soon once I cleared out one two is one thumb three is four fingers so it is four fingers under your belly button and the same depth into that position inside of you so it has basically a chakra odds sacral chakra so it talks a lot about anything yang talks about that one does not exist without the other Union eating is active in this passive you can see it right here yeah happen Yin is earth Jane is function substance is revealed yes mind/body masculine when you have this extreme okay or here in your body ah it transformed into the opposite so good one okay when extremely or extremely angry reaches its limit it transformed and its opposite for example extreme activity necessitates rest so activity here being yang Yang being rest if activity is very fierce such as war which is yang then death get result which is he just still get it it's for spear extreme examples so I'm just reading to tell you that there's always two sides and there's no life without both science the good the bad the booth has to combine to come in the middle and to reach balance and that balance is what life is we cannot live without one or the other it does not exist one does not exist without the other and no matter what your thoughts or opinions are you always still have to be respectful and understand that there also other opinions that matter just as much as yours do even if you do not agree or vice versa if you are victorious and you are happy that your opinions correct at this time it does not mean that the other opinion is now correct so at this time how about we do a little bit more of human and then I will let you be and so you can go to sleep or just rest I know it's not a very sleepy do what I am doing my mind best right now in my position in this situation I tried to do my best of all time right now I'm just not in the best shape ah so forgive me but I want to be with you it is just as therapeutic to me as such as you so thank you let's rub our bomb together see that everything will be okay I am good life is great everything will be alright and but ER Wow did you hire yourself to rest he process everything to be ready for tomorrow yes life is great but together okay thank youHello my friend Um sorry I have been away I'm fighting a little bit of a stubborn cold that would not seem to go away So my voice does not sound the best But I thought um it is an emergency time And I felt like I needed to hang out with you Just be here by your side for a second I know that it's been quite a challenging time It is very difficult victorious and happy and buzzy or very down and sad and both are completely fine to feel but as we know these comes in a balance and we're going to try and balance ourselves out today and relax try to calm ourselves down and get ready for the future just for the life to happen so I thought that it would be appropriate for me to bring some things and to bring some things that I think sounds nice are you so that we will take care of you lovely relax you knob so you can have nice sweet dreams tonight so whatever you feel is not going to be an extreme feeling it's going to be a calming feeling at this time and in trance like ready to grass definitely time to heal let's sit down or lay down won't start yes we're going to have our friend here my plant it always brings me smile on my face it sits and lives by my office table now look at it every day and helps me think so it's going to be helping us today we'll start - louder sounds and it's very simple but using a calculator and you might wonder well so I thought that you could possibly do it how are you feeling different motions different words everything to relax it's the most important I know it could be tough apart if I can to come down you happiness or I'm frustrated that's fine I'm here we're together we go through things together help each other out we're going to sit here for you on the cell phone that's why a microphone might be different and you know it's very impromptu video I did not plan on the 300 I thought that it was an emergency and I felt that many people who are struggling and need it just some rest great mm-hmm airplanes will be joining us tonight us and we'll take our cotton pads ever so gently Jan yeah I want that you ever so jammed just barely pressing reef ingress against your hey please just can I could make you feel sleepy and so soon it's so calm just state realm and wrath and peace yes we know that everything works out all the time no matter what we got each other we love each other we need each other and we're here for each other okay um we can apply this nice skin therapy oil lotion on your face so you're good for you it has a lot right acids and fat it's a lot of anti-aging skin benefit and it's going to relax you warm up yeah to myself okay so let's read it fits me my palms very gently rubbing it in old oils come to me exalt break apart or mop my palms and then we're going to press it against your skin and it's going to be so assuming it's going to be so nice and warming to clean hand wonderful aroma oils the feeling of nourish until start start to feel like coming from my hands and on to the rest of your body your tanto very nice or I see feeling any good to feel so nice so trance-like we give you at peace yeah yes my love everything is script everything's okay I'm here and I'm going to massage just gently okay just right here gently rapping you dance I feel soothing I know traffic is loud sorry cheeks a lot of people live around us yes when you Tim yes it will feel good and soothing and pour into relaxing good scream I also wanted to bring back this wonderful purse you make really cool sound I wanted to make soon a sounds video the type like that intoxicating sounds just like that no talking I wanted to include this in it you feel good to dish but for now I'll included in decision sir for you just okay it's a wonderful combination of frame stones and darts all attached all summer I was wearing this purse thank you thank you oh my gosh I know my friends you put one too little date feels better all right hearing it is a very impromptu video I'm sorry record on my cell phone and I mean I'm doing my best but I have been working a lot of cool videos for you so I'll make them into reality soon as soon as I recover okay I always think always think how are they doing what is he doing I wonder how do you feeling and it's important no what did you matter and your opinion and your voice is better to matter what happens in life we've got each other and that's all that matters everything will be okay everything will be great all right don't play everywhere I also granted book shiatsu it's for my massage school when I used to go to massage school we needed to learn about shiatsu and I kept all of my books so I wanted to show you love it well not sure you would tell you a little bit about shouts right here the word satsang in Japanese she I'm sorry the word shiatsu is Japanese she reversed her finger and Matsu means pressure the Japanese Ministry of Health defines shiatsu as a form of manipulation by thumbs fingers and palms without the use of instruments mechanical or otherwise to apply pressure to the human skin to correct internal malfunctioning promote and maintain health and treat specific diseases so the techniques used in shiatsu include stretching holding at most commonly cleaning body weight into various points along key channels great all the movement is supposed to come from your Hara when the massage therapist creates a shiatsu protocol they will become e from their horror or sacral chakra Orange it is our vital center of life it is our center of gravity it is three two module on the ambiguous and three tuned deep inside belly soon once I cleared out one two is one thumb three is four fingers so it is four fingers under your belly button and the same depth into that position inside of you so it has basically a chakra odds sacral chakra so it talks a lot about anything yang talks about that one does not exist without the other Union eating is active in this passive you can see it right here yeah happen Yin is earth Jane is function substance is revealed yes mind/body masculine when you have this extreme okay or here in your body ah it transformed into the opposite so good one okay when extremely or extremely angry reaches its limit it transformed and its opposite for example extreme activity necessitates rest so activity here being yang Yang being rest if activity is very fierce such as war which is yang then death get result which is he just still get it it's for spear extreme examples so I'm just reading to tell you that there's always two sides and there's no life without both science the good the bad the booth has to combine to come in the middle and to reach balance and that balance is what life is we cannot live without one or the other it does not exist one does not exist without the other and no matter what your thoughts or opinions are you always still have to be respectful and understand that there also other opinions that matter just as much as yours do even if you do not agree or vice versa if you are victorious and you are happy that your opinions correct at this time it does not mean that the other opinion is now correct so at this time how about we do a little bit more of human and then I will let you be and so you can go to sleep or just rest I know it's not a very sleepy do what I am doing my mind best right now in my position in this situation I tried to do my best of all time right now I'm just not in the best shape ah so forgive me but I want to be with you it is just as therapeutic to me as such as you so thank you let's rub our bomb together see that everything will be okay I am good life is great everything will be alright and but ER Wow did you hire yourself to rest he process everything to be ready for tomorrow yes life is great but together okay thank youASMR meditation video using Tibetan (Himalayan) singing bowls for relaxation, sleep and calm. Qi / Ch'i in Chinese, Ki or Gi in Korean or Japanese, Prana in India Hello this is Emma Welcome to a Qi (Ch'i) sounds meditation for calm and for balance. This video is intended to be, through sound, a lovely charge of positivity for you. A space for you to gain some balance right now. Our lives are pretty overwhelming for the senses especially if you're particularly sensitive even if your life is going really well right now it's still common to be in a state of high alert with all the sounds, the smells the decisions we make conversations we have financial obligations we have to deal with a constant use and exchange of energy all part of day to day living on this planet So we're going to use some sounds today, in the same way we use ASMR sounds. To focus the mind, focus the senses, create a state of stillness and peace. Just like in meditation. Get out of the fight or flight mode and into a lower brain wave state. Lower the heart rate and arrive in a place which is often called a place of healing. Healing is a word I interpret to just really be your organs and nervous system working more efficiently. To full capacity. Keeping your cells happy and functioning well. It's also a place where your mind or consciousness can process information or events. The word Qi is in the title because that means 'Life Force' 'The energy that sustains all life' Our external environment affects our internal world of course, both physically and mentally and sound as we know, is energy. So these Himalayan singing bowls will fill your environment with beauty and positivity. Some external Qi to strengthen your inner Qi. So sit back, pop on your headphones if you like and enjoy 💜 All the LOVE from me XXwhoosht good evening Thank you for joining me for this ASMR sounds discovery video. I have found a couple of quite unique sounds and though it could be interesting for you and me to play around with them Maybe rediscover them a little bit So what do you say? Let's start You may also notice my glorious background. that I cannot stop playing with So... you will be seeing me continuously stroking it to create this halo effect. OK so let's start. So this chandelier sounds so interesting, doesn't it? It's kind of a combination of seashells and wind...wind chimes and raindrop sounds. So let's play with it a little bit more, yes? I'll go all around us with it if you don't mind, ok? Also its purple color, It's the best color there is so no wonder it sounds so good. Also this chandelier sounds a little bit different from inside out. So how about we put this on top of our head. Like this. I feel like I should be in a Nicki Minaj or Sia video clip. Or maybe a mermaid of some type But it definitely sounds interesting around your ears like that. Let's see what you think about it, ok? OK How about we do a little bit of beaded sounds? If done right it could sound like beautiful gems, raindrops, or a rain stick. Let's go behind your ears as well, okay? And over your head. Just like this. It is quite a pleasant, clicky-clacky sound I have to say, as well as the visuals, too. The visuals might be slightly even more pleasant than the sounds. But none the less, quite a beautiful thing. I do really enjoy the slightly plastic tapping sounds against each other often are very satisfying. What do you think? Just a nice up close of all of these gems for you. Maybe a little glistening light, could be pleasant for you to watch it. Now let's play with this umbrella. It's a paper umbrella Anything paper is my weakness Plus it's purple so my favorite color Also we're going to open this up, in just a second. Let's open it. Very nice crinkle sound. Such a heavy but deep type of crinkle, you know. Quite nice. So that's that. Thank you very much for watching I hope that this was pleasant for you. Now let's just doze off in a little bit, as I play with the background fabric. Good night :)Hello, my name is Maria. Welcome to our experimental studio. I'm very happy to see you today! So, today we're going to be testing something. And it's going to be two different shampoos. I'm hoping you're going to enjoy it. So as you know there are a lot of different types of hair care items available on the market. And, while some of them are natural, a lot of them have very unnatural chemical ingredients. And that's why we are going to compare it today. We’re going to take one shampoo that's fully natural and one shampoo that has more chemicals in it. And we'll compare the results as we go along. We're also going to be writing down some notes for myself and for our data I hope you don't mind. So it's also going to be quite a pleasant experience. May I? A lot of our clients really enjoy these sessions because they're not just relaxing, they can learn something as well. So I hope you sit back, get comfortable, and enjoy it. In a second, I'm going to analyze your hair, too. Okay? Good. promise you I'm going to be very careful and attentive to your hair, your skin, and just you overall, too. ok so you can trust me We're going to start with analysis of your hair. Okay? and, um, I'm just looking at the level of elasticity and checking your strands for weakness, of the hair follicle and any concerns you might have I'm going to get up and just look on the side, okay. its just a bit easier for me this way you can imagine what it's like when you were in school and you had nurses come in to check for lice. Quite a similar experience. except I'm not looking for that, but it's a similar procedure. very good Let me come on the other side too, okay. Ok, I'll do the same thing here, and again if you could just relax and take it easy I'll try to take care of you here you have very nice shiny hair I don't see any extra oil production, that's very good I'll straighten down your hair a bit so it looks more neat. and... *writing sounds* I have not found any breakage or split ends. There is a lot of shine in your hair. Not a lot of oil production normal hair good and elasticity is good not really any concerns right ok so I'll split your hair into two parts right now, long-ways this way, and I'll just twist it and clip it and im going to wash I'm going to wash part separately each part separately we're going to analyze it separately so now let me introduce you to the actual shampoos that we're going to be using The first one is of a popular brand; it is easy to find it pretty much anywhere however it does has a lot of chemicals in it and sometimes they could be harmful, such as parabens. Parabens is a type of preservative that is produced chemically. And in large amounts can acquire in your body and cause harm may even help development of cancer but I'm not going to be a Debbie Downer. If you wish, you're welcome to read up on it. does mean that an emergency and you need to panic just something for your information it is something for you to be aware because we want to stay healthy and beautiful for as long as we can right so we just need to search for better options things that we can change that can help you now lets have a little wiff of it and test the smell, i don't want to shock you, so i am going to squeeze the bottom a little bit creating a puff of air, like this. just around you, so you can sense it and not be overwhelmed by it, okay enough? Good so um did you smell any harsh scent, um any umm any chemical scent in it? okay and overall was it a pleasant smell? or neutral or a negative? okay, now onto the next one yes the next one is quite interesting it is a shampoo that has castile soap, have you heard of it before? castile soap is a very natural product, it has no parabens it is not tested on animals, it has no animal ingredients it's quite umm moisturizing actually and umm has only butters and oils in it everything is very natural this is quite a universal versatile cleaner, so it's not just for you hair washing you can use it not just as a shampoo, but also as a body wash and a skin wash you can wash dishes with it, wash clothes/laundry, adding to the laundry, you can even wash the floors what it does, it doesn't strip away the surface oils that we need for our skin to be healthy to stay hydrated, so it helps it, cleans it, but keeps it still moisturized and neutral also this particular one has peppermint oil in it, so it's quite a refreshing, very invigorating scent it could help you wake up, could give you a little tingling sensation all over your body , because its peppermint *puffs of air* I am covering the brand name , so that it does not come off that I am anti a brand, or for a brand its more of a class and type of soap enough ok so the same questions...would you say that the scent was a harsh scent? ok. um do you think it had strong chemicals of any type? Yes, it's essential oils it's quite a pleasant, very natural scent, that is very nice, I agree ok and overall did you like the smell of the shampoo? pleasant, neutral, or negative? ok very good so now let's go ahead and go to hair watching station where I will shampoo your hair very nice and gently and they were going to dry it up and come back here okay? Just to see the effects of it, the results. Ok, let's go Good? Are you comfortable? yes. Neck is fine? yes. to be using this shower hose are you okay what's that thing once you come back to me ok okay good good i was trying not to bother you too much talk just want it here to really relax and prepare it now like you so did you enjoy did you like stone and first shampoo do have still chemical behind it okay about the phone phone ten have you do you feel lighter on your hair good you had me just now you're nice and dry yeah so nice okay that's good you're welcome to come back relax if you want to finish up your people and your game baby so go ahead and close and i'll be ready there was no I mean more burning sensation right think just me case there's a shinHello there Welcome to the sleep clinic I'm so happy you decided to volunteer today We're doing a very exciting, or should I say relaxing experiment I'm very very happy that you're here. Let me run through what I'm going to do with you. So with me today I have a myriad of items that are going to be used on you to trigger your relaxation If you feel any sort of tingles or euphoria or just general sleepiness, that's what we're going for and you can let me know. Feel free to fall asleep during this test. I will be taking your blood pressure before and after the entire test, but other than that I have you hooked up. to some non evasive tools Sorry, there's a-. Okay. And that will give us all the information that we need so all you need to do is sit back and relax. We have over 10 Triggers I would like to try on you. Does that sound okay? Great. Well. First things first Let me test you blood pressure, okay? Let me put my clipboard down. Okay. This is going to go around your arm okay? Okay. Is that steady? Good good. Very good. This...Goes there... Okay. Very good. See, that was easy! And you won't see this again until the very end of the test. So if you have fallen asleep by then all the better. So before you can truly enjoy these triggers, let's get you comfortable. Sorry 'bout my instruments Alright. So in you bed at home do you have a twin, a full, a queen, or a king? And would you say that your mattress is on the softer or the firmer side? Do you use, how many blankets do you use? sheets, and then do you use a blanket or comforter or quilt? okay. Then how many pillows do you sleep with? Okay Do you tend to sleep on your side, on your back, on your stomach, or a combo? I see And how many hours do you sleep at night? You can do the weekday if that's more normal for you. The weekday and how about the weekend? Okie doke. So. I have for you This pillow And this ... feel it This is a combo latex pillow It is extremely soft And it is very malleable to your head. If you squish it down it will pop right back up unlike those Tempur-Pedic beds or pillows Okay, so You can keep your pillow right behind your head And I also have ... Your robe So this is a very very plush robe just for you ya feel it So you can put this on while I get the first test ready. Okay So let's prepare for the first trigger. The first one I would like you to do today is the simple hand movement trigger. So I want to do the visual triggers first because if you fall asleep, um, I won't be able to gauge your reaction to them. So I would like to do some hand movements. And I will have you complete some simple tasks such as following my finger. Okay great. So you could just concentrate on my hands. getting close to your face but not being too invasive you can let me know if you're uncomfortable with anything in this entire process, okay? by studying the effects ... of personal attention and concentration as well as the understudied "art" you can say of visual stimulation instead of the use of sounds I'm not going to spend too much time on every trigger. because I would like you to get the full effect but just enough Okay okay now what I would like you to do is simply follow my finger okay? just with your eyes you don't have to move your head okay there we go this way up good and down and over here and over here and I'm going to go a little bit closer to you good and good job okay there we go okay perfect job let me mark that Do you have any feedback about that trigger? On a scale from one to ten? okay very good So the rest of the triggers are going to be very sound-based. So what I'm going to do ... ... is hook you up with one of these ... ... incredibly relaxing ... ... headphone sets. Now I have two options for you. This first option in the pink is a lighter material and this black pair is thicker and and it's fleece-y so these are the sleep phones [?] for your ears It's very aptly put So if you've had trouble with earbuds or headphones, not being able to lye on your side while you're trying to listen to something to relax or fall asleep this is your solution I personally use these every single night So this option is actually the corded option which means it's attached just like regular headphones with a jack but, you can get bluetooth ones etc. etc. if cords aren't your style and then inside there's a right and a left speaker so it goes over your head like a headband and sits snuggly on your ears I'm just going to put it over your head like this and make sure that the speakers line up to your ears they're completely flat when you lay down side to sideHello. I'm Gibi. Welcome to ear-to-ear whispering. This is a very classic trigger that was actually requested by um, by some people who wanted to see a remake of my extreme close up ear-to ear whispering video. So that video was published about a year ago, maybe more. I don't even remember, but uh obviously I have new microphones since that time. So I actually wanted to test it out on these little fellas. These are the Rode NT1s. So there's an NT1-A, but I just got the regular NT1. And I quite like them so far. They're very binaural, because one is for this ear and one is for this ear. And they do an incredible job of taking out any white noise. However, you have to make sure the place that you're filming in is pretty dead silent, so I'm filming this at night. Always at night. Cannot film during the day, as much as I try. It just never, ever happens. So here we are with our Rode NT1s. And I'm just going to chat with you tonight. Nothing fancy. Nothing planned. Nothing particularly deep. Maybe, I don't know. .... deep converation. Sometimes those just come up. You can't really force a deep conversation, I suppose. So I've been doing really well with scheduling and of course this is the video that I have to reshoot. I managed to release every video in November and I hope you enjoyed them. I really enjoyed making them. It's been nice to plan out exactly what I'm going to be making. So this is more of a casual welcome to December update / ramble / vlog. I guess a vlog shows what you do in your daily life. I have a lot of respect for vloggers, because it's hard to show your daily life. I can't imagine bringing around this camera. First of all, it's huge. Second of all, you know, it means a lot when people share those pieces of their life with you. some of my favorite vloggers, you know, the daily vlogs are what's pretty crazy to me. Because, it's like, part of your day is editing your daily vlog. And it gets really Meta and I don't know, but maybe I will do a vlog someday if I go somewhere interesting. Well the most interesting stuff I do, you guys see. It's online. It's stuff like that. I've been live streaming quite a bit more on Twitch. It's not ASMR. In fact, it's probably like the opposite of ASMR, but it's really fun and it's funny to see, let's see, I was playing old school RuneScape the other day. I don't know if any of you guys play, or did play back in the good old days, but, you know, people will be browsing the old school Runescape category, and they'll see me and click on it. And they're like, "Are you that ASMR girl?" And I'm like, "That's me. Probably." And it's just funny because they're like, "We didn't know you streamed." Ya, I play RuneScape on Wednesday nights. We'll see if I keep going with that. I'm changing my schedule around a bit now that it's December. I like to do a little bit of reassessing month after month, you know? Figure out what I liked, what I didn't like, what I want to test out, sort of thing, so I think I will start doing Sunday night streams, Wednesday very night, Thursday early afternoon. We'll see. But it's been quite fun to sort of dive into a part of the internet that's new for me. And its been over three months now and its just been pretty great. See I didn't plan to talk about this, but I guess its been quite a big part of my life. Especially last month. I had a lot of time to stream so I did. It's been a little bit busy so far in these first two days of December. And something I've been thinking about is sort of, gosh, changing my mindset from okay look at all the things you have to do. Let's cram it in, get it done, and then you're free, you know? Just get through this and then you'll be what? You know? I feel like I always have this mentality of just get through this. And I think that has a tendency to be a little dangerous, negativity wise And I want to appreciate everyday as it is. And I think that the first part is accepting that you're probably always going to have to work. There's always going to be work you have to do. That's, you know. Clean your room one day. You're going to have to clean it again in a few days or tomorrow or tonight or whatever. And I guess just accepting that there's a little bit of work somedays and there's a little bit of relaxing and there's a little bit of entertainment and there's, you know, something. Every day can be different. And sometimes you have time to watch a whole season of something on Netflix and sometimes you barely have time, or even don't have time, to watch one Youtube video, and that's okay. Some days are going to be busier than others, but I think enjoying what you're doing while you are doing it is something that I don't want to miss out on. So that's actually helped me in the last couple of days, sort of as I was laying out my schedule for December. I was like how much of this can I do? How fast can I do it? But I realized that it's an impossible task to get everything done, you know? So, I'm just going a little bit at a time. And of course today's the day that I tried something new. I tried to record without my headphones, because I didn't want the computer fan in my videos. And I have to plug my headphones into my recorder which plugs into my laptop. So I put the laptop all the way on the other side of the room and I stretched the cord and I put my headphones over there and I was like, I can't reach it, so I'm going to have to go without headphones. I had a lot of people ask me why I wear headphones during filming. It's because I can hear what you guys hear right now. So if there's something wrong with the audio or there's a noise outside that the microphone catches, but my dumb human ears don't catch I know to stop talking or to edit it out later, etc. But unfortunately I didn't catch that there was a very irritating buzz in the left ear. So unfortunately my whole video was ruined. But it's okay. So this one is a bit late and, like I said, this is a very, very, casual video. But sometimes I find these to be just as effective for ASMR as something extremely detailed or extravagant. And I think that it's okay to have a mix of very simple and very complex and some very creative and scripted and some just off the top of your head videos. I was watching a live streamer yesterday and she was great and just her talking voice gave me the craziest ASMR. She wasn't trying to do ASMR or anything You know I went back and watched her video just to listen to her talking because it was such an effective unintentional ASMR video for me. So sometimes talking is pretty good. I think that I watch the most, I think I'm going to call them situational roleplays. So a situational roleplay would be the medical roleplays, the doctor's office, cutting your hair, grocery store clerks, or stuff like that, where it's a roleplay and the person is , you know, being immersive and pretending that the camera is you and I'm talking to you. It's not just triggers. And Im definitely not acknowledging that this is an ASMR video like I could do in one of these. Hi. This is an ASMR video. But my ASMR is triggered the most by soft-spoken, situational roleplays. And then the other is scripted roleplays or cosplay roleplays, character roleplays, so that would be like my Arwen from Lord of The Rings or Jesse from Pokemon. Those were very scripted, very planned, very rehearsed. And you know a lot of research, and thinking, and careful words had to be said. Whereas, I don't know. My fellow ASMR content creators can chime in, but I dont write a word for word script when Im doing a situational roleplay. I know what I want to do during the video and I definitely have the props for it, but I won't script cutting your hair. Ok now I'm going to cut your bangs. You know. That is easily improvised just by being a natural human being, whereas embodying a character, you have to make sure that you're adopting their specific words and characteristics, and you know, adhering to their storyline. So there's the character roleplays, situational roleplays, and then there's your trigger videos. Maybe like an assortment, like a tapping video might be a trigger video. And it concentrates very much on the trigger. A sound other than a voice, you know? I suppose it could be trigger words, but I binged watched those for quite a while. A few years ago I was very into them. Heather Feather had so many wonderful trigger assortment videos. Happy/sad, onion man, the classics, you know. And then there's videos like these, which are, gosh I don't know what to call these, ramble videos I suppose which is just talking, you know. And it's just, I'm just saying things to you, and the topic is different every time, but the point is that I'm whispering because this is an ASMR video, and ya. Are there other categories? I think you could get more specific like subcategories, like you know, a trigger video could be one trigger or an assortment. It could be talking or not talking. There's stuff like that, but I don't know. I think that's everything I wanted to say about that. I've been kind of on a coffee kick recently so I'm a little awake right now. I'm very very late to the coffee game. it's been pretty good though. I really love coffee. I drink it black, but I like to try different flavors as long as it's full caf. I don't like decaf or half-caf. Give me the full caf, you know. And I drink at least one mug a day, sometimes two. Always right in the morning and then sometimes later, because I dug out my old Keurig machine from college And I was like, oh my gosh, I forgot I had this. I wasn't drinking coffee for a while. It used to make me way too hyper and like, shaky. But there was a couple of days last month or a few months ago where I really needed to stay awake so I ended up going overboard on the coffee. And the next day I was tired so I had another cup. And then the next day I had a cup. And then it never really stopped. So, now I drink coffee. But it's like joining a club, you know? I think I tweeted it and I had like 30 replies being like, welcome. We welcome you. Oh my gosh. You're all coming out of the woodworks But thank you. Thank you for your acceptance. Very accepting club. But I've been getting up at the same time every morning no matter when I go to bed, I wake up at the same time which I actually have ... I was testing to see if it worked for me and I think it works for me, because I feel quite guilty when I sleep in, even if I stay up really late like editing or filming or whatnot, but I feel quite guilty if I wake up and it's already afternoon. I feel like my day is gone. Even if I end up staying up for 16 hours or whatever. So, I'm not a morning person. I feel like not a lot of people are morning people , but I'm not a morning person in that I don't like to socialize in the morning, but I do like being productive in the morning. Make my bed. Clean my room. Drink my coffee. It's when I answer emails or do online work, etc, etc. I really do like being productive in the morning so I guess in that way I'm a morning person. I do a lot of my work at night, but I don't feel as productive as I feel in the morning. I get a lot more distracted at night, playing Overwatch. If there's like 5 people. Come play overwatch with us. We need one more. How do you say no to that? I don't know. Let me know. I don't know. Would you call this a vlog? I guess I'm just updating you guys about my life, and sort of just saying hello before we hop into December. I have a lot of really fun videos coming and I really really hope you enjoy them. Quite a few collaborations with some lovely people. I'm very excited about that. No spoilers. You'll see soon enough. A lot of good characters coming back and some good situational roleplays and a couple trigger videos. Some new things and some things you guys are used to seeing on my channel, so I think it's a good mix. I've gotten a couple complaints, some grievances filed for me not finger fluttering in the beginning of a couple of my recent videos. And for that I would like to apologize. I regret my error. And I will make sure to always finger flutter in the beginning of my videos. But with that, I say goodnight. Thank you for watching and sleep well.Good Evening, Thank you so much for joining me tonight Today I decided to Just have some one-on-one time with you so no roles, no games, just pamper time I'm going to relax you, I'm going to use some of the very relaxing techniques: relaxing movements, sounds, relaxing words that I hope you will enjoy First we'll start with some nice, gentle, hypnotising hand movements that hopefully will make you feel a bit sleepy and relaxed I hope that you trust me, you're very safe with me I promise How about we do something nice for you, to pamper you and I will just try to feel your "aura" -- your energy field I'm just going to graze my hands, like this over you on each side try to cleanse you help you feel lighter take off that weight yes so, I sense that something could be troubling you and I would like to provide you with comfort if you allow me You know, our existence as humans is a constant struggle and it's very unfortunate But the reality is it is a blessing and a curse. We're just here to experience everything, good and bad We all go through it, you're never alone in this world so, just remember that. We all do our best, and I know that you do your best as well, and I appreciate it. I personally do. Also, thank you for always being so supportive of me, it is such a pleasure so thank you. Let me walk around you a little bit, and sense your aura, right here, on top of your head and on your shoulders right here you can possibly feel warmth coming from my hands as they slightly graze over you and possibly make you feel nice and cozy, and hopefully relaxed as well so you can tell that right here is where I am, just moving my hands like this, in circular motions [inaudible whispering] Let me do the other side. The same way. You deserve to be pampered and comforted and relaxed I bet you're enjoying this giving in to the warmth coming from my hands it's cleansing you, relaxing you comforts you and, just to feel good, I'll do more here in the back, just hand motions like this Let's breathe in Let's do it again Very good. I'm taking it off, and releasing it. I'm taking it all away It's gone. No more stress, only soothing, relaxing state So tranquil, so serene How about I relax you and treat you to some hair brushing? I'll do it quietly. So you can just enjoy the sounds, okay? You know hair brushing is such a primal type of bonding It can bring us closer together, and of course, it's an amazing feeling It can be so relaxing So, let me get my brush. Okay, so, I'm not sure if you remember this brush, I have certainly missed it This brush is made, carved, fully out of wood so, it's very natural The texture of it, as well as the sound, I find very theraputic I really like the tapping sound that it makes as well it's so gentle isn't that a wonderful sound? Okay, so, I'll brush your hair a little bit I'll do one side at a time, so let me just grab some strands of your hair here okay, and, I can brush them for you. I hope that this is pleasant for you. You can just close your eyes. Okay, let me give you a little scalp massage here with the same brush, here Okay. Good, let me do the other side now as well. I'll just take a strand right here and, we'll brush it too, yeah? We need to treat each side equally give both sides time to enjoy it so relaxing Let me give you a little scalp massage, too but first with my hands Now with the brush, okay? Okay, so, I hope that was pleasant for you Now, let me show you what we have next Okay, so, for the next step, we're going to breathe in some nice aromas, so I'm going to use one of these essential oilsASMR meditation video using Tibetan (Himalayan) singing bowls for relaxation, sleep and calm. Qi / Ch'i in Chinese, Ki or Gi in Korean or Japanese, Prana in India Hello this is Emma Welcome to a Qi (Ch'i) sounds meditation for calm and for balance. This video is intended to be, through sound, a lovely charge of positivity for you. A space for you to gain some balance right now. Our lives are pretty overwhelming for the senses especially if you're particularly sensitive even if your life is going really well right now it's still common to be in a state of high alert with all the sounds, the smells the decisions we make conversations we have financial obligations we have to deal with a constant use and exchange of energy all part of day to day living on this planet So we're going to use some sounds today, in the same way we use ASMR sounds. To focus the mind, focus the senses, create a state of stillness and peace. Just like in meditation. Get out of the fight or flight mode and into a lower brain wave state. Lower the heart rate and arrive in a place which is often called a place of healing. Healing is a word I interpret to just really be your organs and nervous system working more efficiently. To full capacity. Keeping your cells happy and functioning well. It's also a place where your mind or consciousness can process information or events. The word Qi is in the title because that means 'Life Force' 'The energy that sustains all life' Our external environment affects our internal world of course, both physically and mentally and sound as we know, is energy. So these Himalayan singing bowls will fill your environment with beauty and positivity. Some external Qi to strengthen your inner Qi. So sit back, pop on your headphones if you like and enjoy 💜 All the LOVE from me XXHello. I'm Gibi. Welcome to ear-to-ear whispering. This is a very classic trigger that was actually requested by um, by some people who wanted to see a remake of my extreme close up ear-to ear whispering video. So that video was published about a year ago, maybe more. I don't even remember, but uh obviously I have new microphones since that time. So I actually wanted to test it out on these little fellas. These are the Rode NT1s. So there's an NT1-A, but I just got the regular NT1. And I quite like them so far. They're very binaural, because one is for this ear and one is for this ear. And they do an incredible job of taking out any white noise. However, you have to make sure the place that you're filming in is pretty dead silent, so I'm filming this at night. Always at night. Cannot film during the day, as much as I try. It just never, ever happens. So here we are with our Rode NT1s. And I'm just going to chat with you tonight. Nothing fancy. Nothing planned. Nothing particularly deep. Maybe, I don't know. .... deep converation. Sometimes those just come up. You can't really force a deep conversation, I suppose. So I've been doing really well with scheduling and of course this is the video that I have to reshoot. I managed to release every video in November and I hope you enjoyed them. I really enjoyed making them. It's been nice to plan out exactly what I'm going to be making. So this is more of a casual welcome to December update / ramble / vlog. I guess a vlog shows what you do in your daily life. I have a lot of respect for vloggers, because it's hard to show your daily life. I can't imagine bringing around this camera. First of all, it's huge. Second of all, you know, it means a lot when people share those pieces of their life with you. some of my favorite vloggers, you know, the daily vlogs are what's pretty crazy to me. Because, it's like, part of your day is editing your daily vlog. And it gets really Meta and I don't know, but maybe I will do a vlog someday if I go somewhere interesting. Well the most interesting stuff I do, you guys see. It's online. It's stuff like that. I've been live streaming quite a bit more on Twitch. It's not ASMR. In fact, it's probably like the opposite of ASMR, but it's really fun and it's funny to see, let's see, I was playing old school RuneScape the other day. I don't know if any of you guys play, or did play back in the good old days, but, you know, people will be browsing the old school Runescape category, and they'll see me and click on it. And they're like, "Are you that ASMR girl?" And I'm like, "That's me. Probably." And it's just funny because they're like, "We didn't know you streamed." Ya, I play RuneScape on Wednesday nights. We'll see if I keep going with that. I'm changing my schedule around a bit now that it's December. I like to do a little bit of reassessing month after month, you know? Figure out what I liked, what I didn't like, what I want to test out, sort of thing, so I think I will start doing Sunday night streams, Wednesday very night, Thursday early afternoon. We'll see. But it's been quite fun to sort of dive into a part of the internet that's new for me. And its been over three months now and its just been pretty great. See I didn't plan to talk about this, but I guess its been quite a big part of my life. Especially last month. I had a lot of time to stream so I did. It's been a little bit busy so far in these first two days of December. And something I've been thinking about is sort of, gosh, changing my mindset from okay look at all the things you have to do. Let's cram it in, get it done, and then you're free, you know? Just get through this and then you'll be what? You know? I feel like I always have this mentality of just get through this. And I think that has a tendency to be a little dangerous, negativity wise And I want to appreciate everyday as it is. And I think that the first part is accepting that you're probably always going to have to work. There's always going to be work you have to do. That's, you know. Clean your room one day. You're going to have to clean it again in a few days or tomorrow or tonight or whatever. And I guess just accepting that there's a little bit of work somedays and there's a little bit of relaxing and there's a little bit of entertainment and there's, you know, something. Every day can be different. And sometimes you have time to watch a whole season of something on Netflix and sometimes you barely have time, or even don't have time, to watch one Youtube video, and that's okay. Some days are going to be busier than others, but I think enjoying what you're doing while you are doing it is something that I don't want to miss out on. So that's actually helped me in the last couple of days, sort of as I was laying out my schedule for December. I was like how much of this can I do? How fast can I do it? But I realized that it's an impossible task to get everything done, you know? So, I'm just going a little bit at a time. And of course today's the day that I tried something new. I tried to record without my headphones, because I didn't want the computer fan in my videos. And I have to plug my headphones into my recorder which plugs into my laptop. So I put the laptop all the way on the other side of the room and I stretched the cord and I put my headphones over there and I was like, I can't reach it, so I'm going to have to go without headphones. I had a lot of people ask me why I wear headphones during filming. It's because I can hear what you guys hear right now. So if there's something wrong with the audio or there's a noise outside that the microphone catches, but my dumb human ears don't catch I know to stop talking or to edit it out later, etc. But unfortunately I didn't catch that there was a very irritating buzz in the left ear. So unfortunately my whole video was ruined. But it's okay. So this one is a bit late and, like I said, this is a very, very, casual video. But sometimes I find these to be just as effective for ASMR as something extremely detailed or extravagant. And I think that it's okay to have a mix of very simple and very complex and some very creative and scripted and some just off the top of your head videos. I was watching a live streamer yesterday and she was great and just her talking voice gave me the craziest ASMR. She wasn't trying to do ASMR or anything You know I went back and watched her video just to listen to her talking because it was such an effective unintentional ASMR video for me. So sometimes talking is pretty good. I think that I watch the most, I think I'm going to call them situational roleplays. So a situational roleplay would be the medical roleplays, the doctor's office, cutting your hair, grocery store clerks, or stuff like that, where it's a roleplay and the person is , you know, being immersive and pretending that the camera is you and I'm talking to you. It's not just triggers. And Im definitely not acknowledging that this is an ASMR video like I could do in one of these. Hi. This is an ASMR video. But my ASMR is triggered the most by soft-spoken, situational roleplays. And then the other is scripted roleplays or cosplay roleplays, character roleplays, so that would be like my Arwen from Lord of The Rings or Jesse from Pokemon. Those were very scripted, very planned, very rehearsed. And you know a lot of research, and thinking, and careful words had to be said. Whereas, I don't know. My fellow ASMR content creators can chime in, but I dont write a word for word script when Im doing a situational roleplay. I know what I want to do during the video and I definitely have the props for it, but I won't script cutting your hair. Ok now I'm going to cut your bangs. You know. That is easily improvised just by being a natural human being, whereas embodying a character, you have to make sure that you're adopting their specific words and characteristics, and you know, adhering to their storyline. So there's the character roleplays, situational roleplays, and then there's your trigger videos. Maybe like an assortment, like a tapping video might be a trigger video. And it concentrates very much on the trigger. A sound other than a voice, you know? I suppose it could be trigger words, but I binged watched those for quite a while. A few years ago I was very into them. Heather Feather had so many wonderful trigger assortment videos. Happy/sad, onion man, the classics, you know. And then there's videos like these, which are, gosh I don't know what to call these, ramble videos I suppose which is just talking, you know. And it's just, I'm just saying things to you, and the topic is different every time, but the point is that I'm whispering because this is an ASMR video, and ya. Are there other categories? I think you could get more specific like subcategories, like you know, a trigger video could be one trigger or an assortment. It could be talking or not talking. There's stuff like that, but I don't know. I think that's everything I wanted to say about that. I've been kind of on a coffee kick recently so I'm a little awake right now. I'm very very late to the coffee game. it's been pretty good though. I really love coffee. I drink it black, but I like to try different flavors as long as it's full caf. I don't like decaf or half-caf. Give me the full caf, you know. And I drink at least one mug a day, sometimes two. Always right in the morning and then sometimes later, because I dug out my old Keurig machine from college And I was like, oh my gosh, I forgot I had this. I wasn't drinking coffee for a while. It used to make me way too hyper and like, shaky. But there was a couple of days last month or a few months ago where I really needed to stay awake so I ended up going overboard on the coffee. And the next day I was tired so I had another cup. And then the next day I had a cup. And then it never really stopped. So, now I drink coffee. But it's like joining a club, you know? I think I tweeted it and I had like 30 replies being like, welcome. We welcome you. Oh my gosh. You're all coming out of the woodworks But thank you. Thank you for your acceptance. Very accepting club. But I've been getting up at the same time every morning no matter when I go to bed, I wake up at the same time which I actually have ... I was testing to see if it worked for me and I think it works for me, because I feel quite guilty when I sleep in, even if I stay up really late like editing or filming or whatnot, but I feel quite guilty if I wake up and it's already afternoon. I feel like my day is gone. Even if I end up staying up for 16 hours or whatever. So, I'm not a morning person. I feel like not a lot of people are morning people , but I'm not a morning person in that I don't like to socialize in the morning, but I do like being productive in the morning. Make my bed. Clean my room. Drink my coffee. It's when I answer emails or do online work, etc, etc. I really do like being productive in the morning so I guess in that way I'm a morning person. I do a lot of my work at night, but I don't feel as productive as I feel in the morning. I get a lot more distracted at night, playing Overwatch. If there's like 5 people. Come play overwatch with us. We need one more. How do you say no to that? I don't know. Let me know. I don't know. Would you call this a vlog? I guess I'm just updating you guys about my life, and sort of just saying hello before we hop into December. I have a lot of really fun videos coming and I really really hope you enjoy them. Quite a few collaborations with some lovely people. I'm very excited about that. No spoilers. You'll see soon enough. A lot of good characters coming back and some good situational roleplays and a couple trigger videos. Some new things and some things you guys are used to seeing on my channel, so I think it's a good mix. I've gotten a couple complaints, some grievances filed for me not finger fluttering in the beginning of a couple of my recent videos. And for that I would like to apologize. I regret my error. And I will make sure to always finger flutter in the beginning of my videos. But with that, I say goodnight. Thank you for watching and sleep well.Hello my friend. Welcome to this Russian themed relaxation video, in which I have prepared some tools and objects that are brought all the way from Russia for you, with love. From Russia, with love, for you. And, we're going to play around with them. See if they could be relaxing, and see if you will enjoy them. So, how about we start? Okay. So, this wooden brush, is my favorite. Yes, you can see an engravement of a magic bird on it. In Russia, we call it: *Russian word* Repeats *Russian word" Lets do a little bit of fast tapping. However, my favorite thing, is having a gentle tappings in one ear, and gentle whispers in the other ear. It is such a soothing, lovely, combination. What do you think? Do you agree with me? Whispers in one ear, and then gentle tappings in another ear, makes you so sleepy. Tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap. The sounds of the soft wood, unfinished... ...unpolished wood, without treatment on it, sounds so unique; so soft. It has this very interesting "clickiness" to it. I do enjoy to squish and smoosh the brush as well. Squishing and smooshing it... ...makes it sound... ...almost like you're massaging somebody's head with it. But there is no head. No, no, it's just my hand. I will do a little tapping behind your ears like this... ...if you don't mind. Whisper and tap all into one ear, So soothing. And now this ear as well. I hope this is pleasant for you. It could be a little intense, but please stay with me. This could be enjoyable. Yes. And the same smaller brush, also a wooden brush, but this one has some berries on it. But it's so cutesy, I can keep it in my pocket book. In my pocket book. I believe this berry is called a *Russian word* Repeats *Russian word* Which is your equivalent of "currant". (spells) C-U-R-R-A-N-T Currant. (spells again) C-U-R-R-A-N-T And it sounds, just as pleasant and beautiful. Let's listen to it together. So, so good. Let's squish and smoosh this one as well. Squish and smoosh. So in Russian this is *Russian word twice* And the brush is called *Russian word twice* Brush *Russian word* Brush *Russian word* So, these are called *Russian word* Repeats *Russian word* twice. And these are toys that you give to kids, that distract them with the sound. And in old times, people used to cut bark off trees. So this is wood bark. This is particularly is a birch tree, or *Russian word* And, they would mold them into these envelopes, and put a few pieces of dried peas (spells) P-E-A Peas. And this will create the sound. So, let's do this all around us. Let's listen to how it sounds. So imagine yourself being a small child, and having to play with these, all the time. So imagine yourself being a small child, and playing with these. It's quite simple, but very genius. This toy is made out of bark, and dried peas, and then glued together. It rattles so gently. Very, very unique. Very specific sound. Let's try to whisper in one ear, and do the gentle rattle in the other, until you fall asleep. Is this working for you? It does for me. It sounds quite gentle. So, my dearest friend, please do fall asleep, please do, let go, and enjoy the moment of peace, and relaxation. I thank you for joining me tonight. I thank you for allowing me to helping you fall asleep and taking care of you Goodnight. *Russian word* Sweet dreams. *Russian word*I'm very excited in this video to stick some floam in your ears, and then with my various tools we will then clean your ears out. So I have a lot of fun sounds planned for this video, I have floam and slime, so let's begin shall we. So if you didn't see my first floam video, maybe this is your first time meeting floam. So it's kind of like foam, but it's also like slime and let's just see how it sounds when I stick it right in your ear. [floam sounds] [brushing floam] What do you think of that sound? I've got my earbuds in right now so I can hear along with you, and I've got to say I'm really liking this sound. I've got a mascara spooly here, twist that little baby into the floam, you can see how nice and sticky it is when it gets pulled out. So I'm just going to get this one going on one side. It almost sounds like a frog croaking. [floam sounds] [more floam sounds] Okay, more of that sound a little later, I have so much fun stuff to play with here. [brushing sounds] [sticky fingers and floam sounds] [rubbing cotton sounds] [crunching Floam] [pulling on Floam] Alright, before I take this floam out of your ears, Let's do this little mascara spooly trick again shall we. [brushing floam] [more floam brushing] [relaxing floam brushing sounds] [squishing floam] [right ear floam brushing] Alrighty. [digging in floam] [more digging] [pulling on floam] Now that is a lot of earwax, you should be careful, clean your ears more often. So now that I have a nice little bit of slime stuck on the ears, let's use some more slime and see what happens. So I have 2 slimes here, one is this kinda shiny slime. Doesn't want to come out apparently. Alrighty. So I know what you're thinking, geeze Corrina, that slime seems really messy, how is it gonna help my ears be cleaner? That's a good question. It's like when you use dirt for cleaning, sometimes things in life make a lot of sense, sometimes they don't make any sense at all, oh yeah that's cool right there, look at that. Oh no, oh on. Now I'm dropping the slime everywhere. This might be the most disgusting slime I've ever had the pleasure of playing with. Certainly the craziest slime I've ever stuffed in someones ears, that's for darn sure. Alright, I'm gonna try the second slime and see if it's a little bit more amenable to cleaning your ears off. Because I'll admit, this purple slime, not helping. It is fun thought. So here I have another slime, this one is actually intended for cleaning off a computer keyboard and stuff like that. So I don't know if you can see this but it's not really grabbing the green floam slime very well, but it sounds cool. Alright, so now it's working, I can see the ears are getting cleaner, my you have such nice, lovely ears. Go ahead and grab some of these other fuzzies that are stuck on the Dio here. I really would love to hear your feedback on this video, just playing with some fun sounds tonight that I have not tried before, so I would definitely love to hear your feedback. I have to say these ears are looking pretty darn clean, so that's a good sign. Oh yeah, that's a real clean ear. Also maybe just a little bit of delicate brushing, leaving you feeling nice and clean and refreshed. This super watery slime, I'm actually really excited to play with this in some other videos. Anyways guys, let me know what you thought of this video, let me know if you like the more traditional ear cleaning, or if we should have more fun like this again. Many thanks to Elliot for sending us this awsome new 3Dio, he's a big fan and he's actually doing a really neat giveaway, and you can find details about that giveaway in the description of this video. We love paying it forward to our fans, we actually sent our old 3Dio to an ASMArtist named Zoe in France, her channel is called Windy Whispers, so if you miss our old 3Dio, you can check it out on her channel. We're just so happy to be part of the ASMR community, all of you guys are so wonderful and sweet. So thank you so much.right hey hello how are you today I could welcome to another ASMR video this video is all about links that make you tingle here is a wicker basket full of tingly things this basket was given to me by my friend he was about to throw it away I knew exactly what to do so as you can see off the top e inside the paper Oh tingly tree so this would be what you would call an ASMR lucky tip what I'm going to do is have a look inside and see what I find you okay first of all I packets needs by kids exfoliating gel for your face body milk hair mask and OD cream and leaves of sample packets Oh one two three Oh the next thing I can see and this he puts Oh puffy perfume is chanel Coco Chanel let's open the box which is very nearly full it's a a 50 ml bottle smells like it's you Coco Chanel shall we see what else is in our tingly basket okay Oh now live sir I found in a clearance store I found it very very interesting because straightaway you can see how much information it's written on the label I read some of it to you certified fair trade dr. Bronner's magic soaps 18 in warm hemp tea tree fuel castile soap made with organic oil ingredients water organic coconut oil potassium organic olive oil tea tree extract organic fair deal hemp oil and organic a hobo oil citric acid certified Fairtrade ingredients dr. Bronner's magic all in war fare for life never I thought that was quite interesting so I had a little look and the information at the top because I was interested to know who dr. Boris what I read make me smile and I haven't written it I just read a few lines at the top and that was enough for me to walk by it and to research who talked a colorist so it says here a manual Bruna's life is summed up with the words on his gravestone a life dedicated to God mankind and spaceship earth he spent his entire adult life searching for God and full truth and not only the sacred books of the religious world but also in the inspired words of the people from all walks of life past and present he would translate these words through his own idiosyncratic and unique genius onto the labels of his wonderful soaps Brahma saw the soap as a messenger for his vision of universal truth the moral ABC no one agrees with everything on the label but everyone finds something which inspires and touches them although we are not a religion we revere him for his tremendous efforts to unite spaceship earth in a deep spiritual love and respect for God each other and the earth we carry on his spirit sharing our profit and energy with our workers and worthwhile causes worldwide love on in all one the Brahma family I thought that was really sweet he goes on and on and on there is lots of information here I'll read just a little bit for you there are brave souls who dare to dream that men are brothers and not folders that hands may clasp across the seas to common good to common words that beneath God's law the SE moral ABC that six billion strong unites all one God faith men will embrace in brother love to never kill in bitter hate you dare to hear the mighty truth reverberating through the long years that faith love courage conquer fear and teamwork heal and nations tears the flood and fire sweep the old earth sword and raging wars and evils records calm still through the awful thermal there is God our glorious world within he's appraised par so there is quite a bit about religion only but what really stands out to me is spaceship earth and sharing the profit and energy with our workers and worthwhile courses worldwide and some of those causes are mentioned down the bottom here and it's very interesting so what I'm going to do is obviously use this soap that I'm going to research find out what it is that they do which other products they make because it's called over 1,000 acres of his beloved rainforest was donated by his family to the Boys and Girls Clubs of San Diego County California underprivileged children can now camp under the stars within sight of Mount Palomar which is often mentioned in the moral ABC interesting and then above that there are lots of quotes from famous people throughout history Confucius and Einstein Jefferson who else and chief Seattle humankind has not twelve in the web of life we are put one thread within it whatever we do to the web we do to ourselves all things are bound together and all things connect that's all dr. Boris mattock let's see what else we have you know a basket yes it's going to be see this was also purchased from the clearance store and I thought it was one of the key two things I have ever seen so in this box one two three fifteen ounce mason jar mocks with straw now I've got to open the box show you can see four times we packed of straws and each jar has its own lid so and some look wonderful job what we do is fill this with maybe homemade lemonade Oh some homemade - homemade alcoholic drink and stores these are some plastic straws so take alongside the drawers and reused thank you country style quality established 18 I should be using those very see let's have another look inside a ssmall musk oh tingles a candle now this candle is Tyler Lee and coconut exotic Tahitian lily is swarmed with creamy tropical coconut delightfully fragrance - candle it smells absolutely beautiful jar is glass movie great to use for something where can do let's go it doesn't lovely texture around the outside it's very heavy as well 16 that's what depe and see there's anything else in our basket this is a packet naturally rich in calcium magnesium and sodium calcium works to increase circulation and magnesium helps to reduce fluid retention and sodium is essential for the lymphatic system to aid detoxification instructions for years dissolve salt in a bath of approximately 37 to 39 degrees C relax and soak or around 20 minutes for detoxification use one kilogram salt per regular size back for general well-being use approximately 100 grams to 200 gram and this is Himalayan salt detoxify and excellent detoxifier for the body for smooth radiant healthy looking skin with over 80 minerals which of course is all well and good it sounds good is love with job sauce finest and highest quality pink a great sets now for their high mineral content and detoxifying properties you that's everything from tingly basket I do hope you enjoy having a look for surprises enjoy idea filtering me on the next idea you sleep well relax see you can see youHi guys so today were going to be doing a relaxing asmr sleep video we are going to be talking about just in general relaxing asmr things like the moon the stars the sky and I'm going to be helping you fall asleep so before we do that I need you to close your eyes completely lay down and don't even play attention to the video just the asmr audio and thats why I'm going to cover your eyes now.Hello my friend Relaxing hand sounds With my special... ...but so special techniques. Just lay down And relax with me This is special but too special hand movements techniques Because you need to some relaxation And tonight... I'm gonna give you some really great relaxation Hey! Are you there? OK! GREAT! And are you happy right now? GREAT! RELAX! my special friend Close your eyes my friend Close your beautiful eyes! You need to sleep Just sleep! Are you ok? really? GREAT! Feel my hands Just feel the relaxation FAST! Just relax! Close your beautiful eyes And try to fall asleep for a while with my special but so special... hand movements and special hand sounds Sleep my friend Just sleep You need to sleep and you have to sleep! Come on my friend! Just sleep!whoosht good evening Thank you for joining me for this ASMR sounds discovery video. I have found a couple of quite unique sounds and though it could be interesting for you and me to play around with them Maybe rediscover them a little bit So what do you say? Let's start You may also notice my glorious background. that I cannot stop playing with So... you will be seeing me continuously stroking it to create this halo effect. OK so let's start. So this chandelier sounds so interesting, doesn't it? It's kind of a combination of seashells and wind...wind chimes and raindrop sounds. So let's play with it a little bit more, yes? I'll go all around us with it if you don't mind, ok? Also its purple color, It's the best color there is so no wonder it sounds so good. Also this chandelier sounds a little bit different from inside out. So how about we put this on top of our head. Like this. I feel like I should be in a Nicki Minaj or Sia video clip. Or maybe a mermaid of some type But it definitely sounds interesting around your ears like that. Let's see what you think about it, ok? OK How about we do a little bit of beaded sounds? If done right it could sound like beautiful gems, raindrops, or a rain stick. Let's go behind your ears as well, okay? And over your head. Just like this. It is quite a pleasant, clicky-clacky sound I have to say, as well as the visuals, too. The visuals might be slightly even more pleasant than the sounds. But none the less, quite a beautiful thing. I do really enjoy the slightly plastic tapping sounds against each other often are very satisfying. What do you think? Just a nice up close of all of these gems for you. Maybe a little glistening light, could be pleasant for you to watch it. Now let's play with this umbrella. It's a paper umbrella Anything paper is my weakness Plus it's purple so my favorite color Also we're going to open this up, in just a second. Let's open it. Very nice crinkle sound. Such a heavy but deep type of crinkle, you know. Quite nice. So that's that. Thank you very much for watching I hope that this was pleasant for you. Now let's just doze off in a little bit, as I play with the background fabric. Good night :)hello and welcome to a vibrational massage treatment we're going to be using Himalayan balls directly on the body today so we're working with lovely sound vibration I'm also going to be bringing in some crystals and I'll talk about tuning into the person you're working with and also doing a full-body scan before beginning the treatment okay you want to check that your person is lovely and relaxed and comfortable that's very important so it straighten out our clothes around the ankles and even just give them a gentle roll there on the hips press down on the shoulders just encourages them to relax let's start with some crystals crystals are a perfect accompaniment to any treatment it's kind of like having two treatments any one having the crystals around you can choose whichever crystals you think would be right for the person you're working with today I went for amethyst which is a very high vibrational spiritual stone it's useful for so many different things it's one of my favorites and I don't really don't go a day without holding some amethyst it's very calming today we're going to ask for some emotional centering some clarity of thought and enhanced intuition from the amethyst so I went for points today and I'm going to place those around Ruth's head if you're using points you can point them towards you to drawing the energy from the crystal or you can point it away from you to draw energy out of you kind of like energy plucking birds in a nice gentle way it's around here I wouldn't advise placing all crystals by the head it's important to choose wisely amethyst is fine just have a read up on all the crystals you are using and then your life now let's tune in to our person if you're particularly empathic or sense - this comes quite easily but I do believe that anyone can do this it's just about developing that extra sense or that extra sensitivity just through practice and getting used to feeling how other people feel around you so tuning in is basically becoming one with the person you're working with tuning into them feeling how they feel and you can also use it to set your intention for the session so you just place a hand or two hands over their heart center take some nice deep breaths and eventually you start to breathe at the same time you can take a moment to say to yourself something like May healing sounds flow through me and when they go to wherever they are needed oh you could say my healing sounds flow through me and may they go to Ruth's highest good something like that whatever works for you you can be a spiritual or religious or anything you want nothing is wrong but what is important is your intention always you've probably tuned into your person already without realizing it but it's nice to start this way and be aware take this moment now we're going to move on to scanning the body as you know your body is made up of trillions of cells all working away doing their own thing moving around keeping themselves busy on their tasks at hand and movement creates energy so your body is radiating energy all the time and you have layers of energy all around your body each layer creates another layer and this is called the aura so I'm going to scan the aura and we might detect a blockage or a gap in your or somewhere and there are lots of ways to do this you can use sound you can use hand you can dowse with a pendulum so if we were to use sound and we could use the voice which is probably my favorite it's the most personal it's very gentle but before I became confident using my voice I used a chime and anything with a nice clear tone will work this is very very gentle so we just strike the time I run it over person around the aura when you hear a dip in the sound that's generally the area you need to focus your intention to work on okay we don't go over an area too many times don't know need to go back you've gone over once don't forget to round the head to use the voice you just need to very simply choose a tone that you're comfortable with and tone over the body we can do proper toning which is the way that the Buddhist monks tone it takes a lot of practice I just do a nice player sound like that all around Oh like I said you could use hands that's a nice way to do it if you are into Reiki you can do it that way you can do the Reiki symbols on your hands oh yeah well you can ask for universal energy scan your hands over the body like this and everyone feels this differently but usually you will feel an extra heat sensation or a tingle palm with your hands if you want to open up your hands first open up your palms you can do this like I said this no mistakes nothing is wrong you find your own technique and as long as your intention is there then it's right always as with everything in life intention is everything finally you can scan the body using a pendulum I'll show you mine my pendulum is chef on amethyst good for decision-making and diagnosis okay so we can douse the chakras with our pendulum I don't know if you've ever used a pendulum before but you would hold it like this the chakra and say show me yes or I'll show me now and your pendulum will move in different directions according to the answer so we hold it over the show cruise and so so and we can do a body scan that toy okay so now we have scanned the body and usually by this time your person is extremely relaxed and melting off it's a nice atmosphere okay so let's begin the ball massage now I'm going to be using a small bowl this is my G bowl and it has a handle inside she just helps me to move it around the body I just place it gently on the lower back here okay use my mallet here you might want to just hold a ball on your person's body before you do anything else before you start the treatment just so that they're aware of how it's going to feel but it's very nice very gentle and it's through practice that you would know how much pressure to add how hard to beat the ball okay so gently press down and beat the side of the ball move it across the lower back so a small ball just gives you the ability to move around easier move it up very slowly side of the spine back down again not to go too close to the head because the vibrations are quite strong and it can be quite uncomfortable those travel up back up the skull just go probably up shoulder blade there and then move around the hips again okay I know we can go up the other side of the spine if you feel you need to hold in any places that's fine too and those lovely vibrations will go through the body feels lovely the pressure of the bowl it's nice to have such a lovely round base so massages the muscles along with the sound and then we go across the back again you can apply quite a bit of pressure down here okay so now we want to go down the Lex I quite like to hold it over the car myself and vibrate through the leg back up again you always want to use a nice soft bata anything harder would be too harsh in the sound would grate a little bit back up to the lower back I'm concentrating on grounding and balance here so I'm keeping focus around the lower back and the hips just to bring the vibrations up spend a little bit more time in that area and down the other leg again I'm going to hold a it's over the car it's for sure lovely vibrations she can hear the ball still vibrating and sounding as you go across it does go for quite a long time we were to hold it you really listened the ringing for quite a while like still going on [Music] finally we can just bring the ball right down the side to the side of the hip then across again [Music] across background to the base of the spine okay can even feel vibrations just holding your hand just there around the outside of the ball so you can go up and down as many times as you like but just be mindful of not overdoing it sometimes little is more okay pop that back there and finally just to finish off the massage I'm going to bring in my big F heart Bowl it's quite heavy and it probably looks like it's a little bit too much but actually it just feels really really lovely and comforting when on the body as long as it's placed in the right area so I'm going to pop it here which i think is about the only place I would place this on the back just there and we strike it or hear the sound and the waves will go right through this whole area here and resonate through the bone just a lovely feeling so just give it a nice spin around load the weight feel nice on the bottom of its back and depending on the shape of your person you might need to support your bomb a little bit so I'm going to place my fingers underneath this side remember the sound carries on for a long long time so you can wait to do its thing and I'll have some deep relaxation going on right now I can see somebody touches some rays which means she's in deep relaxation you might also hear some tummy rumbles those are all body signs of relaxation once we get into rest and digest mode that's when our body is working to its full capacity your organs are working well you're digesting your body's doing its work that's why it's important to relax [Music] when you're ready just very gently lift the ball off the body back and that concludes our vibrational massage treatment I hope you enjoyed that if you did do let me know and maybe next time I can show you a treatment where we place the balls on the body and leave them in certain areas there's one position especially which I like to use to deal with feelings of anxiety and it really works for me so there we are thank you for watching I hope you sleep well good night youGood Evening, Thank you so much for joining me tonight Today I decided to Just have some one-on-one time with you so no roles, no games, just pamper time I'm going to relax you, I'm going to use some of the very relaxing techniques: relaxing movements, sounds, relaxing words that I hope you will enjoy First we'll start with some nice, gentle, hypnotising hand movements that hopefully will make you feel a bit sleepy and relaxed I hope that you trust me, you're very safe with me I promise How about we do something nice for you, to pamper you and I will just try to feel your "aura" -- your energy field I'm just going to graze my hands, like this over you on each side try to cleanse you help you feel lighter take off that weight yes so, I sense that something could be troubling you and I would like to provide you with comfort if you allow me You know, our existence as humans is a constant struggle and it's very unfortunate But the reality is it is a blessing and a curse. We're just here to experience everything, good and bad We all go through it, you're never alone in this world so, just remember that. We all do our best, and I know that you do your best as well, and I appreciate it. I personally do. Also, thank you for always being so supportive of me, it is such a pleasure so thank you. Let me walk around you a little bit, and sense your aura, right here, on top of your head and on your shoulders right here you can possibly feel warmth coming from my hands as they slightly graze over you and possibly make you feel nice and cozy, and hopefully relaxed as well so you can tell that right here is where I am, just moving my hands like this, in circular motions [inaudible whispering] Let me do the other side. The same way. You deserve to be pampered and comforted and relaxed I bet you're enjoying this giving in to the warmth coming from my hands it's cleansing you, relaxing you comforts you and, just to feel good, I'll do more here in the back, just hand motions like this Let's breathe in Let's do it again Very good. I'm taking it off, and releasing it. I'm taking it all away It's gone. No more stress, only soothing, relaxing state So tranquil, so serene How about I relax you and treat you to some hair brushing? I'll do it quietly. So you can just enjoy the sounds, okay? You know hair brushing is such a primal type of bonding It can bring us closer together, and of course, it's an amazing feeling It can be so relaxing So, let me get my brush. Okay, so, I'm not sure if you remember this brush, I have certainly missed it This brush is made, carved, fully out of wood so, it's very natural The texture of it, as well as the sound, I find very theraputic I really like the tapping sound that it makes as well it's so gentle isn't that a wonderful sound? Okay, so, I'll brush your hair a little bit I'll do one side at a time, so let me just grab some strands of your hair here okay, and, I can brush them for you. I hope that this is pleasant for you. You can just close your eyes. Okay, let me give you a little scalp massage here with the same brush, here Okay. Good, let me do the other side now as well. I'll just take a strand right here and, we'll brush it too, yeah? We need to treat each side equally give both sides time to enjoy it so relaxing Let me give you a little scalp massage, too but first with my hands Now with the brush, okay? Okay, so, I hope that was pleasant for you Now, let me show you what we have next Okay, so, for the next step, we're going to breathe in some nice aromas, so I'm going to use one of these essential oilsHello It's nice to see you again Today I want to bring you double the tingles with our special guest you may already know my model for you today This is Emma (Emma) Hello Emma Whispers Red A S M R We're so happy to make this relaxing video for you today (hair scratching noises) I hope that it'll take a little bit of your stress away and add more peace comfort to your nights (taps fingers on bottle) I wanna help give you some aromatherapy for your relaxation we're gonna be using my favourite Argan oil infused with lavender and sandalwood (noise of hands rubbing together) Just breath in for me And again I was told that this is a very strong trigger well tonight we can take you to a more relaxed place (hair scratching sounds) Just breathe out the day This day has come to a close It's all about you now I'm just going to just brush a little bit while gently scratching the back of the neck (giggles) (scratches the bristles) I really want to massage this temple area so I'll focus on that side for you first You have really nice hair Emma: Thank you Thank you for letting me brush it Emma: I didn't think to ask you though (sighs) (hair scratching noises) Lift your head up a little There you go I hope that this is feeling nice for you for me the massage is great helps make all the fast running thoughts just melt even for a little bit okay (hair scratching noises) (pings the prongs of the massager) First a little tickling on the back getting to the base of the spine all relaxed base of the neck and we go here and here Just for fun This is the first time I've used this one I think it's great Emma: That's so nice on my back (giggles) guilt free back tickling I'll see you in tingle town It's okay to acknowledge the other sounds you can just let them pass (hair scratching noises) A head massage is one of the nicest things you can do Or hairbrushing especially if you hold a lot of tension right here Just let it heal you guide you to be that calmer person that you are You're relaxed now And let go And let go Finally we're just gonna do a favourite just some back tickling with face brushing This is such a soft brush Thank you for joining us tonight We hope that you've felt some healing with these sounds We appreciate you Goodnight! from Char and Emma Emma: (sighs)Hello It's nice to see you again Today I want to bring you double the tingles with our special guest you may already know my model for you today This is Emma (Emma) Hello Emma Whispers Red A S M R We're so happy to make this relaxing video for you today (hair scratching noises) I hope that it'll take a little bit of your stress away and add more peace comfort to your nights (taps fingers on bottle) I wanna help give you some aromatherapy for your relaxation we're gonna be using my favourite Argan oil infused with lavender and sandalwood (noise of hands rubbing together) Just breath in for me And again I was told that this is a very strong trigger well tonight we can take you to a more relaxed place (hair scratching sounds) Just breathe out the day This day has come to a close It's all about you now I'm just going to just brush a little bit while gently scratching the back of the neck (giggles) (scratches the bristles) I really want to massage this temple area so I'll focus on that side for you first You have really nice hair Emma: Thank you Thank you for letting me brush it Emma: I didn't think to ask you though (sighs) (hair scratching noises) Lift your head up a little There you go I hope that this is feeling nice for you for me the massage is great helps make all the fast running thoughts just melt even for a little bit okay (hair scratching noises) (pings the prongs of the massager) First a little tickling on the back getting to the base of the spine all relaxed base of the neck and we go here and here Just for fun This is the first time I've used this one I think it's great Emma: That's so nice on my back (giggles) guilt free back tickling I'll see you in tingle town It's okay to acknowledge the other sounds you can just let them pass (hair scratching noises) A head massage is one of the nicest things you can do Or hairbrushing especially if you hold a lot of tension right here Just let it heal you guide you to be that calmer person that you are You're relaxed now And let go And let go Finally we're just gonna do a favourite just some back tickling with face brushing This is such a soft brush Thank you for joining us tonight We hope that you've felt some healing with these sounds We appreciate you Goodnight! from Char and Emma Emma: (sighs)this was right a s hello this is Emma and today's video is hey tingle basket as you can see now we have something special on its way don't we Christmas so the theme for this video is Christmasy things I thought you might like it sounds Christmas before I start I would like to say Merry Christmas to everyone I hope it's everything you want it to be everything it can be for you mostly I hope that it's we have tinsel it's very nice it's sort of a purpley ready color nice deep mysterious snugly in the self and of course Wesley let's have a look what's inside tinkle basket some will know what this is and so on so I shall explain this here is a cracker it's something we can't do it out over in this country we have them on our table during Christmas dinner so it is a cardboard tube and it's twisted on either end and inside Oh lots of goodies and what you must do is hold one end and someone else you have a sitting next to you pause the other side and inside there is a and the person with the side that has this part wins okay and they win what is inside so I'm not going to pull it for his reasons but I'm going to open it and show you what's inside a cracker so traditionally the cracker is pulled before dinner because it always has something inside that we have to have before dinner start to meet your own openness for you quietly of course okay for a cracker it must contain two things otherwise it's not a proper cracker and the first thing is this this is a paper hat we call them paper everyone around the table has to wear their crown clips on the head like this they come in all colors and whichever hat you get you have to wear it no matter if it's not your color in fact if it looks silly that's good so the second thing that it must always contain ears this joke the joke in this cracker is how does Jack Frost get to work and the answer is by icicles and everyone laughs obviously and then there's a gift and depending on which home crackers you bought whether you bought the cheaper ones or whether you decide to splash out and buy some luxury perk is that all depends on what gift you get you see to be honest um most of the things you getting crackers you don't really keep anyway so the cheaper ones are one in this one we have mini playing cards which are quite handy for Christmas Day I have to say so that as far as gifts in Christmas crackers go that's not about one other gifts include um nail scissors they don't work mini tape measures they guide kid or a mini um magnifying glass stuff like that or probably the worst thing you can get in a cracker or for me anyway and especially as a child is a golf tee usually in every box of crackers there are a few properties I think I prefer the mini data measures you also get many rulers and stuff like that so there we are mini playing cards I can't so let's pop this book and see what else is in the Dinka basket now you've seen a cracker hmm very important this is a box of cadburys roses so regardless of how healthy you are throughout the year if you're not a chocolate person or a sweet person or a super healthy person when Christmas comes around you have to have a box or a tin of either roses or the other one is quality Street now if I was to meet someone for the first time and I wanted to judge their character I'd say are you roses person or are you a quality street person and they said quality Street I'd be a little bit wary of them I have to say because roses oh my favorite so so in roses you would have my favorite of all time and that is hazelnut in caramel and they come in a purple wrapper they're so nice but the trick is not to eat all of your favorites first because then you've got nothing else to look like to pop on your endurance I also like the golden barrel I like to bite into the chocolate open it and look at caramel and then eat the chocolate which is another nice one strawberry dream I'll open it and show you my favorite let's see looks like just one egg top or near the top so this is what it looks like purple and it says contains hazelnuts and milk so we twist open sides here open it this is what the hazelnut caramel looks like and it's like segments in shape hmm you can see the caramel inside okay that is hot here we have next these are Christmas baubles the tree they have the tunnel thousand they're heart-shaped and I particularly like these ones because they have some nice words on them they say love joy cozy ah Noel Merry Christmas whole nice worth these are glass or balls and they have these little glitter stars on them which a nice spray Dwight these will go on the tree kick very important stuff okay we have here two jars one is applesauce and the other is cranberry sauce both essentials for a good Christmas so I always buy a cranberry sauce to go with the Christmas dinner and sometimes someone might like some apple sauce with their dinner too but my main reason for having apple sauce yz4 cheese and biscuits on Boxing Day on Boxing Day all I have want to do you stay in pajamas and which films that's my favorite Boxing Day because Christmas Day is so busy with people to cooking tidying up so it's nice to just do nothing on Boxing Day stay in a onesie pajamas and I wait till about 2 o'clock in the afternoon to have my teeth and biscuits my favorite cheese is Lancashire cheese because that the county I'm from and it tastes delicious and creamy and crumbly I will have some pickles too some crackers and apple sauce I'll have a few different cheeses the 90 cities always must be one of those this year I have gone for Coleman's of Norwich he ready to use a poor condiment sauce Apple 69% sugar water pops and something I would buy all year round it's just a must cranberry sauce I'm serving suggestion here pair a DC roast chicken or your delicious Christmas turkey with the generous helping of common thread and fruity cranberry sauce hey where did T's cranberry condiment sauce I should really make this myself shouldn't I I did one year gates um to my friends damn it chutney as well stuff here simple shredded silver I love this top it's nice to finish off the tree and you just have to cut it here and drape it on the edges of the branches of your tree and they just add a little bit of sparkle then nice you can get them in all colors and I like silver so I went or silver this year I like it I saw something else just a moment ago not this this is little decoration of scented dried things there is a heart woven with twigs and cinnamon sticks orange and bay leaves it's scented with the same scent that was on the potpourri that I made the video with so it will be nice just to hang maybe by the front door so anyone coming here will be welcomed with the smell of Christmas think the added Toth the Bailey's is really nice and have some nice color to it and cinnamon sticks are sprayed in gold which is lovely day everything is attached together with a string of plastic and tied it's hard it's just ugly one last thing on the tingle basket something I spotted this is a packet of cinnamon it's specifically for decoration with extra made in the Netherlands actually so with this I will top up my potpourri to give it a boost very short sticks but some of them are wide decorous season decoration looks like we had the cracker and we had the roses and the bubbles I need decoration I'm very sore and hanging me and finally the cinema now we're going to put the tinkle basket away until the next time I hope you enjoyed it have a wonderful Christmas and a Happy New Year I'll see you saying goodbye good night stay well goodnightSo you want to be a sleep fairy? Well it's your lucky day. You've been selected as a sleep fairy in training. And soon you too may earn your wings, just like I did. As a sleep fairy, your primary goal at all times is to provide relaxation and help people sleep. My biggest challenge in training new sleep fairies is that everyone falls asleep in class. But as Tingles the Sleep Fairy, I can hardly discourage people from sleeping. But I do hope you'll pay attention. In this class we will be learning about the most beautiful gift that all fairies posses because we come from the magical land of Assmer. We have the gift to help people relax thanks to a new fandangled invention called the Youtube machine. Mortals have finally learned of the mystical powers of Assmer, except they mistakenly call it ASMR. But that's okay, we're just glad that it helps them. So lesson 1 is about helping people to relax by doing something calming like brushing their hair. Not only does hair brushing provide the physical relaxation, the feeling of relaxation that comes with someone that's gently touching our hair and just generally being compasionate towards us. The sound is also quite delightful. I've been spending most of my life living in a sleep fairies paradise. Yes indeed. Darn it feels good to be a sleep fairy. I think I enjoy brushing people's hair almost as much as I enjoy having my own hair brushed. Scalp massage is another excellent way to help people relax. It's important to vary your touch between gentle motions, scratching motions, and then using a bit more force to truly massage the musculature around the scalp. Now that after you've messed someones hair up quite nicely, you might find it nice to brush it back into place. [brushing sounds] In lesson 2 we will explore the magic of random objects in Assmer. Our fist example is a paper towel. Yes indeed even an object as mundane as a paper towel makes for a wonderful Assmer experience. Alternating from ear to ear and from ear to ear helps to improve the relaxing effect. It should be noted that in fact the more mundane the object, oftentimes the more relaxing the effect. Assmer teaches us to appreciate every little thing, bringing our focus to these small, often taken for granted sounds. Another fantastic example is another new fandangled invention that theses crazy mortals have come up with. It's known as a cellular phone, or mobile phone. The origination of the mobile phone was so that people could remain in communication with one another, even when they weren't at home. You might also hear people refer to it as a car phone or in this case and Eh phone. Kind of a funny name for the thing. But the tapping sounds are quite loevly. Lesson 3. In lesson 3, it's important to take note that every person has different Assmer triggers. Where some people really enjoy tapping, other people might actually find it quite annoying or even distressing. So as you're met with the challenges of helping people sleep, understand that it may just take a little exploration to find that persons favorite trigger. In lesson 4, we will cover the top 10 most common triggers, but for now just remember not to worry if someone isn't responding to certain triggers, that it may just take a little bit of sampling of various noises to discover what will make that person sleep. And then oftentimes, seemingly unsuspecting objects make the most tingle inducing. Lesson 4, the most common Assmer triggers. We began this class by discussing hair brushing and scalp massage. These are some of the most common triggers. You may also hear people to refer to personal attention as a trigger. There are many, many calming effects of having someone treat you kindly and compassionately. So remember that in any trigger application, have a touch of grace, a touch of compassion, always be gentle and loving. The first trigger we'll discuss is tapping. Perhaps because this is something that we all find ourselves doing from time to time, perhaps because of the sensation on the fingertips. Tapping is incredibly relaxing both to hear and to actually do . You'll also find that every different object taps a little differently. I myself love tapping so much, I'll tap just about anything. For instance I found this paintbrush and I thought "Well gee, I'd tap that." And while I have this paintbrush in hand, that brings me to the second trigger. Brushing is a very calming sound. Brushing various object is also very relaxing. You can even brush brushes and depending how ticklish a person's ears might be, you can sometimes even brush their ears. Brushes are delectable and soft, making them a wonderful Assmer tool. The 3rd trigger is crinkling, however it should be dully noted that crinkling must be done incredibly gently because this sound can be quite abrupt if something is crinkled too hard. Lesson 5, again we return to this idea that the everyday objects we rarely ever give our full attention to make wonderful tools of Assmer. For instance, the mere removing of a lid. This is one reason why people may be relaxed by watching someone put their makeup on, or do other daily routine type activities. Spritzing is another lovely sound, and if you are spritzing an aromatherapy type of item. For instance, if you were to spritz an aromatherapy spray, like this lavender spray, you have a double benefit in helping the person to relax. As we conclude our class, I leave you with a simple goal before we meet again. Your homework is to explore your own Assmer triggers and to bring with you to class next week, an unsuspecting item that you found to be very relaxing. Perhaps it will be a wooden bowl or perhaps a latex glove, you just never know where you may find your absolute favorite trigger. For me, it's nail polish bottles, my favorite type of glass tapping. Well thank you for staying so attentive during class today, and just know you're one step closer to getting your wings. Well I guess class is dismissed then. Let me go get you a pillow. In the magical land of Assmer, even our pillows are Assmer triggers. If you liked this video and you found our videos helpful, I hope you'll consider helping us out by visiting our Patreon page. You'll receive access to over 15 exclusive videos, including ASMR behind the scenes, blooper videos and a weekly vlog. You'll also get MP3 downloads of ASMR audio, glamour photography photo sets, and a lot more, check out the free teaser videos. Thank you so much for watching.Hi guys Welcome back. How was your day? I just hope this video can make you relax relax [repeated] relax [repeated] relax relax [repeated] relax [repeated] relax [repeated] relax relax [repeated] Actually the weather is very very dry and in L.A. How about your city's weather? is getting cold? Oh, and also I'm very happy got this New nail polish Actually you can see I mixed different, two different colors together I like them both so I used different __ it's called um unicorn It's very cute name So what do you think? [about nail polish] I just like it so much I think its very lovely color Kind of like, um, pink mixed gold together lovely [repeated] sk [repeated] Because I want to you hear the best sound so I just used this microphone hope you like it~ And I just got new ones But somebody told me this cute stuff actually from Japan, is that true? I'm not sure because, in China we also have it Actually when I was young, my mom always used these to help me clean my ears It's very very soft Can you feel it? It's very soft soft [repeated] [lip smacking sounds] And also I have double these... ...little brushes and I think that I buy some makeup and they give to me for free I think it's eye shadow brush, it's kind of smaller [blows in ear] [tapping brushes] [tapping brushes] [blowing] Which one you think is better? [blows] Got to treat the right one (ear) Brush it I think this big one is for... blush [repeats] For here (cheek) so it's very big and soft soft so soft~ Tap, gently I tap I'll slowly tap tap your ears to relax, relax now tap [repeated] and tap here Your head [blowing] [blowing] [blowing sounds like wind] [tapping brush] I just try to do everything I think it's more relaxing What do you think? and just like what I said... It's very very very dry in L.A. , it is no more dry but those days super dry So I can't without body lotion. And this one is um..I use it after moving to America So it's more then two years [tapping] And it's called Love Addict I don't know what that means but it kind of seems very lovely scent And also today I want to give you a little bit of ear massage But this time it'll be special. We're going to it very gently ...just enjoy the sound So what kind of massage is your favorite? I mean we have a lot of different styles alright I have head, ear, neck um..back, foot, leg. A lot of different styles. I can say my favorite is foot massage~ Actually Chinese, they love foot massages very much because we think the foot is your second heart in your body So if you massage them often it's really going to be relaxing and it's good for your health And it's very good if you take a walk, if you go outside to walk very long, it's good to have a foot massage. So I'm not going to waste it, I will just put it on my hands [the lotion] And let me help you clean a little bit [repeating what sounds like posty] [repeating staple] [repeating click] I have cream on my hands so it's going to be hard to do a finger flutter flutter [taps brushes] [whisper] I'm starting to enjoy this actually. I don't know, maybe [can't hear over brushes, sounds like "cutie/beauty contest] [more blowing] [clicking tongue] I know Japan have a lot of very good inventions. I'm really interested in a lot of Japan, and I hope one day I can to go there They have a lot of cute stuff there and also they have my favorite, Hello Kitty [repeating lollipop] [now repeating coconut] Is (there) any city or country you want to go to? [tapping nails] [tongue clicking] [repeating "sue"] [repeating sk] Okay so, I hope you guys can get sleep, can be relaxed in this video. And also I hope you guys have sweeeeet dreams I will see you next time bye bye Thank you to my lovely Patreons: Tony, Hrannar, Scott, Jeb, Iris and Sean for your support. If you would like to become a Patreon, check out my Patreon for cool rewards. And don't forget to leave a like and turn on notifications so you don't miss any videos If you enjoyed this video don't forget to subscribe, and here are some other videos you might like to also check out. ~Sweet Dreams~Hi guys so today were going to be doing a relaxing asmr sleep video we are going to be talking about just in general relaxing asmr things like the moon the stars the sky and I'm going to be helping you fall asleep so before we do that I need you to close your eyes completely lay down and don't even play attention to the video just the asmr audio and thats why I'm going to cover your eyes now.