So you want to be a sleep fairy? Well it's your lucky day. You've been selected as a sleep fairy in training. And soon you too may earn your wings, just like I did. As a sleep fairy, your primary goal at all times is to provide relaxation and help people sleep. My biggest challenge in training new sleep fairies is that everyone falls asleep in class. But as Tingles the Sleep Fairy, I can hardly discourage people from sleeping. But I do hope you'll pay attention. In this class we will be learning about the most beautiful gift that all fairies posses because we come from the magical land of Assmer. We have the gift to help people relax thanks to a new fandangled invention called the Youtube machine. Mortals have finally learned of the mystical powers of Assmer, except they mistakenly call it ASMR. But that's okay, we're just glad that it helps them. So lesson 1 is about helping people to relax by doing something calming like brushing their hair. Not only does hair brushing provide the physical relaxation, the feeling of relaxation that comes with someone that's gently touching our hair and just generally being compasionate towards us. The sound is also quite delightful. I've been spending most of my life living in a sleep fairies paradise. Yes indeed. Darn it feels good to be a sleep fairy. I think I enjoy brushing people's hair almost as much as I enjoy having my own hair brushed. Scalp massage is another excellent way to help people relax. It's important to vary your touch between gentle motions, scratching motions, and then using a bit more force to truly massage the musculature around the scalp. Now that after you've messed someones hair up quite nicely, you might find it nice to brush it back into place. [brushing sounds] In lesson 2 we will explore the magic of random objects in Assmer. Our fist example is a paper towel. Yes indeed even an object as mundane as a paper towel makes for a wonderful Assmer experience. Alternating from ear to ear and from ear to ear helps to improve the relaxing effect. It should be noted that in fact the more mundane the object, oftentimes the more relaxing the effect. Assmer teaches us to appreciate every little thing, bringing our focus to these small, often taken for granted sounds. Another fantastic example is another new fandangled invention that theses crazy mortals have come up with. It's known as a cellular phone, or mobile phone. The origination of the mobile phone was so that people could remain in communication with one another, even when they weren't at home. You might also hear people refer to it as a car phone or in this case and Eh phone. Kind of a funny name for the thing. But the tapping sounds are quite loevly. Lesson 3. In lesson 3, it's important to take note that every person has different Assmer triggers. Where some people really enjoy tapping, other people might actually find it quite annoying or even distressing. So as you're met with the challenges of helping people sleep, understand that it may just take a little exploration to find that persons favorite trigger. In lesson 4, we will cover the top 10 most common triggers, but for now just remember not to worry if someone isn't responding to certain triggers, that it may just take a little bit of sampling of various noises to discover what will make that person sleep. And then oftentimes, seemingly unsuspecting objects make the most tingle inducing. Lesson 4, the most common Assmer triggers. We began this class by discussing hair brushing and scalp massage. These are some of the most common triggers. You may also hear people to refer to personal attention as a trigger. There are many, many calming effects of having someone treat you kindly and compassionately. So remember that in any trigger application, have a touch of grace, a touch of compassion, always be gentle and loving. The first trigger we'll discuss is tapping. Perhaps because this is something that we all find ourselves doing from time to time, perhaps because of the sensation on the fingertips. Tapping is incredibly relaxing both to hear and to actually do . You'll also find that every different object taps a little differently. I myself love tapping so much, I'll tap just about anything. For instance I found this paintbrush and I thought "Well gee, I'd tap that." And while I have this paintbrush in hand, that brings me to the second trigger. Brushing is a very calming sound. Brushing various object is also very relaxing. You can even brush brushes and depending how ticklish a person's ears might be, you can sometimes even brush their ears. Brushes are delectable and soft, making them a wonderful Assmer tool. The 3rd trigger is crinkling, however it should be dully noted that crinkling must be done incredibly gently because this sound can be quite abrupt if something is crinkled too hard. Lesson 5, again we return to this idea that the everyday objects we rarely ever give our full attention to make wonderful tools of Assmer. For instance, the mere removing of a lid. This is one reason why people may be relaxed by watching someone put their makeup on, or do other daily routine type activities. Spritzing is another lovely sound, and if you are spritzing an aromatherapy type of item. For instance, if you were to spritz an aromatherapy spray, like this lavender spray, you have a double benefit in helping the person to relax. As we conclude our class, I leave you with a simple goal before we meet again. Your homework is to explore your own Assmer triggers and to bring with you to class next week, an unsuspecting item that you found to be very relaxing. Perhaps it will be a wooden bowl or perhaps a latex glove, you just never know where you may find your absolute favorite trigger. For me, it's nail polish bottles, my favorite type of glass tapping. Well thank you for staying so attentive during class today, and just know you're one step closer to getting your wings. Well I guess class is dismissed then. Let me go get you a pillow. In the magical land of Assmer, even our pillows are Assmer triggers. If you liked this video and you found our videos helpful, I hope you'll consider helping us out by visiting our Patreon page. You'll receive access to over 15 exclusive videos, including ASMR behind the scenes, blooper videos and a weekly vlog. You'll also get MP3 downloads of ASMR audio, glamour photography photo sets, and a lot more, check out the free teaser videos. Thank you so much for watching.