Good evening Thank you so much for joining me yet again for another ASMR evening. Tonight I would like to do something that I don't do often but I hope to do more of and that is brushing and gentle touches over your hair, your skin your ears May I? I will caress your ears ever so gently if you don't mind I'm hoping that it could make you feel pleased You know this type of caressing and touching and brushing your hair or just some parts of your body is a type of social bonding Yes, yes, social bonding So we are bonding, you and me Yes it's a type of grooming So grooming is mostly when one living thing gives all of its energy and in a way sacrifices themselves in the moment in order to please another beautiful living thing It could be quite emotional but mostly just very very pleasant that's why both you and me love to have our hair brushed massages here and there, feels so good so I would like to do just that today, if you don't mind Especially for you. Because you are so special and I hope that it will make you feel special So I can do it up in the front of your ears like this and also behind your ears like that Let's try This is behind your ear like that that was like a DJ on your ear ok jokes aside So as of right now our society definitely pushed away from this type of social bonding and grooming is left only for very close people But before, our ancestors used to use this as the most important part of their social life... so unfortunately. Let me grab a brush A little fluffy brush We can just gently brush over you and your beautiful beautiful ears So because we are surrounded now by oceans, deserts, islands, enormous forests we don't get to socialize so much physically but we love to stay in touch and show we care so we have evolved a new type of grooming. Guess what it is. Guessed it? It is gossip. Yup Gossip is a type of grooming, social grooming you gossip to start conversations to feel like you are a part of a group to be accepted. So as long as gossip is not evil does not hurt someone it is a human nature and not such a bad thing after all. We just like to be informed and stay in touch with each other to make sure that we keep our social bonds nice and solid. so what's your gossip? what's been happening in your life? I guess my gossip would be, since you are asking, the most important thing I'm working on right now is moving. Yes I will be moving this summer and I am going to be moving to another state it's quite costly and very very hard to do on a distance so I've been working on that I have sold my car. Now I don't have a car. I use my fiance's car, if I need to. And I have to say it has been some of the most amazing times not to have a car payment. So I am shedding anything that's weighing me down Moving across the country Because it was my dream come true. And while it could be something that someone would call bragging I would not call it that. It has not been an easy or quick ride for me there But thanks to you it has been ever so pleasant You have been with me every step of the way. I groom you, you groom me. Like a real family. I always try to make sure that you know how thankful I am for you and how much pleasure this right here brings me. I know I can be goofy sometimes but I mean well and I truly feel that I am where I should be I'm doing what I should be and it's all possible only because hopefully you feel the same way. And we agree on that. And it makes me happy. sometimes it makes me teary but I won't cry No because it's all about you right now If you think about it our pets fall in love with us so quickly because we're constantly petting them showing them love we stop we concentrate all of our time on just touching them just plain and simple Giving your touch to anything that you love is a sure way to keep them around you. The more you're surrounded by people who love you like me it's true though the happier your life will be. There won't be anything that will be impossible. Everything will be possible. You will feel that the whole world is cheering you on. That you can do anything you wish. Just because you have people that care for you. Or animals, pets, who care for you too. They love you so much. All they want is the grooming time. Unless you have one of those cats. Okay, how about I brush your hair a little bit. I think that would be nice. So I will gently brush my nails like this through your hair, okay? I have to say I'm definitely one of those people who just feel euphoric when someone brushes my hair, oh my goodness. I really stop and think, and realize I should say, that this is what cats must, might feel like This is why they purr because it just feels so good If I could purr, I would. Purr purr purr And most of the time it doesn't even matter what exactly is happening with my hair. Whether it's being brushed or just someone is playing with it for no reason. or if someone's braiding my hair Sometimes even a little breeze little wind could caress my hair It doesn't happen often but sometimes and I would get great tingles from it. And I'm always so surprised. Does that happen to you? Let me do a little bit behind, just a scalp massage in the back right here. Okay, one at a time. Now this side, okay? I'll just do it gently on both sides, okay? Do you like it? Let me brush it too, okay? As always, we're going to use our old friend. How about we tap on it a bit. I'm going to just brush our beautiful hair now. And I will be quite gentle, okay? When I was little I think in earlier years I used to dread having my hair brushed It would always happen before I went to kindergarten and sometimes we were late so my mom would rush and sometimes be too abrasive but as the time went on I enjoyed it so much It's definitely a time where you just have this interesting connection with a person because you don't say anything you don't have to talk at all you feel another person is touching you and you feel them like, in you, on you. Isn't that fascinating? I always thought it was. Even right now I am brushing your hair and it might come off as if I'm actually with you. And I would be more than happy if that would actually happen. But sometimes you miss that bond with a woman, you know. Having another friend, a woman, a sister type of figure brush your hair That would feel awesome. I would love to feel that someday again. Well now I know why people have kids to make them brush your hair and pretend like they're a hairdresser and so forth. How do you like it so far? Good? I'm going to blow hot air into your head and clearing all the bad thoughts Did it feel fun? Let me brush in the back of it too. I hope this was pleasant for you Now I'm just going to touch my background a little bit and it sounds like a cat purring in a way as well as ocean waves so I thought it could be a different sound for you. I liked it when I heard it. So let's try it. I don't actually know if you hear it or not. I really hope that you do.