Hello ~ Are you the one who contacted me this morning? You're a little bit earlier than your appointment time Was it easy to get here? Our shop is in the corner, right? In the morning... did you make an appointment for course "B"? As I explained on the phone, The course will include an ear massage Although if you feel you have a problem with your ears, you can skip it I'll check your ears first Do you have any inflammations in your ear? I guess it's fine since I will see it Shall we continue with course B then? I'll be using these ear cleaners First, the ears are cleaned with a bamboo tip at the end here And after we brush away any remaining bits, I'll give you an ear massage using a massage cream There might be a bit of dust in your ears first I'll clean that up first It's a wet tissue so it might be a bit cold I'll clean up other side too Now I've wiped the ear I'll clean your ears now Please tell me if you feel ticklish Is this okay? Oh, and I've been asking our costumers How did you find out about the shop? I'm running it a little on my own, Without much publicity People usually come by word of mouth Nowdays, Youtube says there's videos to clean one's ears Are you seeing such a thing too? There a quite a few people who watch such things I'd like to try this 'Youtube' thing So I think more costumers will come ! No. When more costumers come It'll be hard for me to remember them Now there's not many guests So I am trying to remember everyone who comes in Most people who come here, come again ^^ Now one ear is all cleaned You don't have as much ear wax as you may think We'll start the other side But it already looks like your ears are pretty I see a lot of costumers' ears Looking at various ear shapes You have a pretty ear shape I think I should do it one more time We've gotten all the ear wax Now I'll brush out some dusty bits with this fluff This can tickle a little more Let's do it Does that tickle? Are you ticklish? Now I'll tickle the other side too ~ Both of them were fluffy I'm finished with the ear cleaning Before your ear massage, I'll just brush your ears with another brush, then we'll start the massage I'll do the other side Now I got all the dust out I have this massage cream here, for the ear massage It's a mixture of different oils When you massage your ears, you may feel sleepy Your ears may be cold again How is it? A little cool, right? Here we clean ears and do ear massages too right, The costumers who come At first come to get their ears cleaned After, they say the ear massage is better And come again I also do ear massages Now I have some cream To clean it and finish off I'll clean it Now I'll wipe the other side Now I've wiped both ears How was your B-course? It felt a little cool, right? I think you're a bit sleepy now Maybe if your ears are touched like this, you might get a little drowsy Next time you come, you can get more comfortable Are you coming again?^^ I'll be do my best again next time Yes, thank you for letting me take care of you today I'll see you again next time ♡ Come sooon ~