Hello to you On this hot summer day I thought it could be a perfect time for me to play and... care for your ears a little bit what do you think? I'll be very gently brushing your ears tapping on them ever so gently as well like so and it could feel very nice [sigh] ...yes... your ears are such a nice shape so smooth and velvety yes, please pardon the traffic sounds nothing I can do I apologize but I felt the need to make a simple sit down video with you just being in each other's company and I've been looking at your ears for so long so I was excited to finally maybe play with them yes how about I'll just do one ear at a time a little tapping like this with my fingertips now with my nails this might feel different and I'm going to rub my hands up and down do you like this? mmhmm and cup I love cupping oftentimes to me it reminds me of the sound that you hear when you place a big seashell next to your ear and it sounds like ocean waves feels good? lemme just, gently tug on the tips of your ears on the top just, opening up that fold right here opening it up just squeezing it out a bit this is called "ear yoga" where you unfold the folds of your ears and feels like a very needed stretch I hope you agree. just brushing over your beautiful silky smooth ears I have some brushes too and I'll just brush along your ear, ok? Like this: I know that this might be not the sleepiest video but I thought I'll just enjoy your company a little bit more Yes you know, one of my most favorite things actually spending time with you honestly this time right now, right here, is one of my favorite times I like that I can just quietly gently care for you and make you feel good this could be ever so slightly entertaining as well for you I love to be pampered I love to be, to receive attention when someone touches me or brushes my hair, my face, my ears so by knowing how pleasant this can be, it becomes my pleasure to just to know that this might bring you some kind of peaceful feelings feelings, feelings, feelings, feelings, feelings, feelings so today maybe not a sleepy video but I hope a relaxing video in some shape or form traffic noises could be actually peaceful sometimes creates a white noise sound as well I also have this super soft brush too so lets brush your ears with it if you allow me this one definitely sounds like the ocean, doesn't it? You can hear the bristles going over your ears all the folds in your ear too what do you think about this one I like the sounds of the cupping and then whispering through the cupping sound like this do you like that too? [unintelligible whispering] cup cup, cup, cup cup, cup cup hope this brings you nice and relaxing feelings feelings feelings gentle cup, cup, cup gentle cup, cup, cup just pressing and letting go pressing and letting go pressing and letting go x2 so how was your day today? Was it a good day for you? Is it also hot where you are? It is getting hot in here And the airconditioning is not working too well But I hope that you feel nice and fresh, nice and cool and refreshed nice and cool and refreshed I hope this feels good for you I hope that you can enjoy your evening or your night Or anytime of the day I'm going to tap on your ears first with my fingers, like so Is it ticklish at all? No? Good. now with my nails, mhm, tapping with my nails right over your ears yes this might... feel quite interesting maybe even quite nice just testing out what you like on your ears and I can do little gentle, soft massages just squeezing your ear a little bit and releasing squeezing your ear, and releasing good very gently making sure that this is pleasant for you that maybe if it's not the sleepiest I can make you, you might at least be just pleasant, mhm cup, cup, cup cup, cup, cup cup, cup, cup cup, cup, cup so, would you mind letting me know what you thought of this if this is something that you would want me to do more of did you enjoy the quality here, that you could hear in your ears did you like me touching the tips of your ears and just, massaging gently talking and tapping on your ears this could be quite, quite relaxing so now I'll let you be thank you for hanging out with me it was my pleasure to be here with you today and thank you for lending me your ear thank you sweetheart for everything til next time