whoosht good evening Thank you for joining me for this ASMR sounds discovery video. I have found a couple of quite unique sounds and though it could be interesting for you and me to play around with them Maybe rediscover them a little bit So what do you say? Let's start You may also notice my glorious background. that I cannot stop playing with So... you will be seeing me continuously stroking it to create this halo effect. OK so let's start. So this chandelier sounds so interesting, doesn't it? It's kind of a combination of seashells and wind...wind chimes and raindrop sounds. So let's play with it a little bit more, yes? I'll go all around us with it if you don't mind, ok? Also its purple color, It's the best color there is so no wonder it sounds so good. Also this chandelier sounds a little bit different from inside out. So how about we put this on top of our head. Like this. I feel like I should be in a Nicki Minaj or Sia video clip. Or maybe a mermaid of some type But it definitely sounds interesting around your ears like that. Let's see what you think about it, ok? OK How about we do a little bit of beaded sounds? If done right it could sound like beautiful gems, raindrops, or a rain stick. Let's go behind your ears as well, okay? And over your head. Just like this. It is quite a pleasant, clicky-clacky sound I have to say, as well as the visuals, too. The visuals might be slightly even more pleasant than the sounds. But none the less, quite a beautiful thing. I do really enjoy the slightly plastic tapping sounds against each other often are very satisfying. What do you think? Just a nice up close of all of these gems for you. Maybe a little glistening light, could be pleasant for you to watch it. Now let's play with this umbrella. It's a paper umbrella Anything paper is my weakness Plus it's purple so my favorite color Also we're going to open this up, in just a second. Let's open it. Very nice crinkle sound. Such a heavy but deep type of crinkle, you know. Quite nice. So that's that. Thank you very much for watching I hope that this was pleasant for you. Now let's just doze off in a little bit, as I play with the background fabric. Good night :)