Hello. I'm Gibi. Welcome to ear-to-ear whispering. This is a very classic trigger that was actually requested by um, by some people who wanted to see a remake of my extreme close up ear-to ear whispering video. So that video was published about a year ago, maybe more. I don't even remember, but uh obviously I have new microphones since that time. So I actually wanted to test it out on these little fellas. These are the Rode NT1s. So there's an NT1-A, but I just got the regular NT1. And I quite like them so far. They're very binaural, because one is for this ear and one is for this ear. And they do an incredible job of taking out any white noise. However, you have to make sure the place that you're filming in is pretty dead silent, so I'm filming this at night. Always at night. Cannot film during the day, as much as I try. It just never, ever happens. So here we are with our Rode NT1s. And I'm just going to chat with you tonight. Nothing fancy. Nothing planned. Nothing particularly deep. Maybe, I don't know. .... deep converation. Sometimes those just come up. You can't really force a deep conversation, I suppose. So I've been doing really well with scheduling and of course this is the video that I have to reshoot. I managed to release every video in November and I hope you enjoyed them. I really enjoyed making them. It's been nice to plan out exactly what I'm going to be making. So this is more of a casual welcome to December update / ramble / vlog. I guess a vlog shows what you do in your daily life. I have a lot of respect for vloggers, because it's hard to show your daily life. I can't imagine bringing around this camera. First of all, it's huge. Second of all, you know, it means a lot when people share those pieces of their life with you. some of my favorite vloggers, you know, the daily vlogs are what's pretty crazy to me. Because, it's like, part of your day is editing your daily vlog. And it gets really Meta and I don't know, but maybe I will do a vlog someday if I go somewhere interesting. Well the most interesting stuff I do, you guys see. It's online. It's stuff like that. I've been live streaming quite a bit more on Twitch. It's not ASMR. In fact, it's probably like the opposite of ASMR, but it's really fun and it's funny to see, let's see, I was playing old school RuneScape the other day. I don't know if any of you guys play, or did play back in the good old days, but, you know, people will be browsing the old school Runescape category, and they'll see me and click on it. And they're like, "Are you that ASMR girl?" And I'm like, "That's me. Probably." And it's just funny because they're like, "We didn't know you streamed." Ya, I play RuneScape on Wednesday nights. We'll see if I keep going with that. I'm changing my schedule around a bit now that it's December. I like to do a little bit of reassessing month after month, you know? Figure out what I liked, what I didn't like, what I want to test out, sort of thing, so I think I will start doing Sunday night streams, Wednesday very night, Thursday early afternoon. We'll see. But it's been quite fun to sort of dive into a part of the internet that's new for me. And its been over three months now and its just been pretty great. See I didn't plan to talk about this, but I guess its been quite a big part of my life. Especially last month. I had a lot of time to stream so I did. It's been a little bit busy so far in these first two days of December. And something I've been thinking about is sort of, gosh, changing my mindset from okay look at all the things you have to do. Let's cram it in, get it done, and then you're free, you know? Just get through this and then you'll be what? You know? I feel like I always have this mentality of just get through this. And I think that has a tendency to be a little dangerous, negativity wise And I want to appreciate everyday as it is. And I think that the first part is accepting that you're probably always going to have to work. There's always going to be work you have to do. That's, you know. Clean your room one day. You're going to have to clean it again in a few days or tomorrow or tonight or whatever. And I guess just accepting that there's a little bit of work somedays and there's a little bit of relaxing and there's a little bit of entertainment and there's, you know, something. Every day can be different. And sometimes you have time to watch a whole season of something on Netflix and sometimes you barely have time, or even don't have time, to watch one Youtube video, and that's okay. Some days are going to be busier than others, but I think enjoying what you're doing while you are doing it is something that I don't want to miss out on. So that's actually helped me in the last couple of days, sort of as I was laying out my schedule for December. I was like how much of this can I do? How fast can I do it? But I realized that it's an impossible task to get everything done, you know? So, I'm just going a little bit at a time. And of course today's the day that I tried something new. I tried to record without my headphones, because I didn't want the computer fan in my videos. And I have to plug my headphones into my recorder which plugs into my laptop. So I put the laptop all the way on the other side of the room and I stretched the cord and I put my headphones over there and I was like, I can't reach it, so I'm going to have to go without headphones. I had a lot of people ask me why I wear headphones during filming. It's because I can hear what you guys hear right now. So if there's something wrong with the audio or there's a noise outside that the microphone catches, but my dumb human ears don't catch I know to stop talking or to edit it out later, etc. But unfortunately I didn't catch that there was a very irritating buzz in the left ear. So unfortunately my whole video was ruined. But it's okay. So this one is a bit late and, like I said, this is a very, very, casual video. But sometimes I find these to be just as effective for ASMR as something extremely detailed or extravagant. And I think that it's okay to have a mix of very simple and very complex and some very creative and scripted and some just off the top of your head videos. I was watching a live streamer yesterday and she was great and just her talking voice gave me the craziest ASMR. She wasn't trying to do ASMR or anything You know I went back and watched her video just to listen to her talking because it was such an effective unintentional ASMR video for me. So sometimes talking is pretty good. I think that I watch the most, I think I'm going to call them situational roleplays. So a situational roleplay would be the medical roleplays, the doctor's office, cutting your hair, grocery store clerks, or stuff like that, where it's a roleplay and the person is , you know, being immersive and pretending that the camera is you and I'm talking to you. It's not just triggers. And Im definitely not acknowledging that this is an ASMR video like I could do in one of these. Hi. This is an ASMR video. But my ASMR is triggered the most by soft-spoken, situational roleplays. And then the other is scripted roleplays or cosplay roleplays, character roleplays, so that would be like my Arwen from Lord of The Rings or Jesse from Pokemon. Those were very scripted, very planned, very rehearsed. And you know a lot of research, and thinking, and careful words had to be said. Whereas, I don't know. My fellow ASMR content creators can chime in, but I dont write a word for word script when Im doing a situational roleplay. I know what I want to do during the video and I definitely have the props for it, but I won't script cutting your hair. Ok now I'm going to cut your bangs. You know. That is easily improvised just by being a natural human being, whereas embodying a character, you have to make sure that you're adopting their specific words and characteristics, and you know, adhering to their storyline. So there's the character roleplays, situational roleplays, and then there's your trigger videos. Maybe like an assortment, like a tapping video might be a trigger video. And it concentrates very much on the trigger. A sound other than a voice, you know? I suppose it could be trigger words, but I binged watched those for quite a while. A few years ago I was very into them. Heather Feather had so many wonderful trigger assortment videos. Happy/sad, onion man, the classics, you know. And then there's videos like these, which are, gosh I don't know what to call these, ramble videos I suppose which is just talking, you know. And it's just, I'm just saying things to you, and the topic is different every time, but the point is that I'm whispering because this is an ASMR video, and ya. Are there other categories? I think you could get more specific like subcategories, like you know, a trigger video could be one trigger or an assortment. It could be talking or not talking. There's stuff like that, but I don't know. I think that's everything I wanted to say about that. I've been kind of on a coffee kick recently so I'm a little awake right now. I'm very very late to the coffee game. it's been pretty good though. I really love coffee. I drink it black, but I like to try different flavors as long as it's full caf. I don't like decaf or half-caf. Give me the full caf, you know. And I drink at least one mug a day, sometimes two. Always right in the morning and then sometimes later, because I dug out my old Keurig machine from college And I was like, oh my gosh, I forgot I had this. I wasn't drinking coffee for a while. It used to make me way too hyper and like, shaky. But there was a couple of days last month or a few months ago where I really needed to stay awake so I ended up going overboard on the coffee. And the next day I was tired so I had another cup. And then the next day I had a cup. And then it never really stopped. So, now I drink coffee. But it's like joining a club, you know? I think I tweeted it and I had like 30 replies being like, welcome. We welcome you. Oh my gosh. You're all coming out of the woodworks But thank you. Thank you for your acceptance. Very accepting club. But I've been getting up at the same time every morning no matter when I go to bed, I wake up at the same time which I actually have ... I was testing to see if it worked for me and I think it works for me, because I feel quite guilty when I sleep in, even if I stay up really late like editing or filming or whatnot, but I feel quite guilty if I wake up and it's already afternoon. I feel like my day is gone. Even if I end up staying up for 16 hours or whatever. So, I'm not a morning person. I feel like not a lot of people are morning people , but I'm not a morning person in that I don't like to socialize in the morning, but I do like being productive in the morning. Make my bed. Clean my room. Drink my coffee. It's when I answer emails or do online work, etc, etc. I really do like being productive in the morning so I guess in that way I'm a morning person. I do a lot of my work at night, but I don't feel as productive as I feel in the morning. I get a lot more distracted at night, playing Overwatch. If there's like 5 people. Come play overwatch with us. We need one more. How do you say no to that? I don't know. Let me know. I don't know. Would you call this a vlog? I guess I'm just updating you guys about my life, and sort of just saying hello before we hop into December. I have a lot of really fun videos coming and I really really hope you enjoy them. Quite a few collaborations with some lovely people. I'm very excited about that. No spoilers. You'll see soon enough. A lot of good characters coming back and some good situational roleplays and a couple trigger videos. Some new things and some things you guys are used to seeing on my channel, so I think it's a good mix. I've gotten a couple complaints, some grievances filed for me not finger fluttering in the beginning of a couple of my recent videos. And for that I would like to apologize. I regret my error. And I will make sure to always finger flutter in the beginning of my videos. But with that, I say goodnight. Thank you for watching and sleep well.