Hello, my name is Maria. Welcome to our experimental studio. I'm very happy to see you today! So, today we're going to be testing something. And it's going to be two different shampoos. I'm hoping you're going to enjoy it. So as you know there are a lot of different types of hair care items available on the market. And, while some of them are natural, a lot of them have very unnatural chemical ingredients. And that's why we are going to compare it today. We’re going to take one shampoo that's fully natural and one shampoo that has more chemicals in it. And we'll compare the results as we go along. We're also going to be writing down some notes for myself and for our data I hope you don't mind. So it's also going to be quite a pleasant experience. May I? A lot of our clients really enjoy these sessions because they're not just relaxing, they can learn something as well. So I hope you sit back, get comfortable, and enjoy it. In a second, I'm going to analyze your hair, too. Okay? Good. promise you I'm going to be very careful and attentive to your hair, your skin, and just you overall, too. ok so you can trust me We're going to start with analysis of your hair. Okay? and, um, I'm just looking at the level of elasticity and checking your strands for weakness, of the hair follicle and any concerns you might have I'm going to get up and just look on the side, okay. its just a bit easier for me this way you can imagine what it's like when you were in school and you had nurses come in to check for lice. Quite a similar experience. except I'm not looking for that, but it's a similar procedure. very good Let me come on the other side too, okay. Ok, I'll do the same thing here, and again if you could just relax and take it easy I'll try to take care of you here you have very nice shiny hair I don't see any extra oil production, that's very good I'll straighten down your hair a bit so it looks more neat. and... *writing sounds* I have not found any breakage or split ends. There is a lot of shine in your hair. Not a lot of oil production normal hair good and elasticity is good not really any concerns right ok so I'll split your hair into two parts right now, long-ways this way, and I'll just twist it and clip it and im going to wash I'm going to wash part separately each part separately we're going to analyze it separately so now let me introduce you to the actual shampoos that we're going to be using The first one is of a popular brand; it is easy to find it pretty much anywhere however it does has a lot of chemicals in it and sometimes they could be harmful, such as parabens. Parabens is a type of preservative that is produced chemically. And in large amounts can acquire in your body and cause harm may even help development of cancer but I'm not going to be a Debbie Downer. If you wish, you're welcome to read up on it. does mean that an emergency and you need to panic just something for your information it is something for you to be aware because we want to stay healthy and beautiful for as long as we can right so we just need to search for better options things that we can change that can help you now lets have a little wiff of it and test the smell, i don't want to shock you, so i am going to squeeze the bottom a little bit creating a puff of air, like this. just around you, so you can sense it and not be overwhelmed by it, okay enough? Good so um did you smell any harsh scent, um any umm any chemical scent in it? okay and overall was it a pleasant smell? or neutral or a negative? okay, now onto the next one yes the next one is quite interesting it is a shampoo that has castile soap, have you heard of it before? castile soap is a very natural product, it has no parabens it is not tested on animals, it has no animal ingredients it's quite umm moisturizing actually and umm has only butters and oils in it everything is very natural this is quite a universal versatile cleaner, so it's not just for you hair washing you can use it not just as a shampoo, but also as a body wash and a skin wash you can wash dishes with it, wash clothes/laundry, adding to the laundry, you can even wash the floors what it does, it doesn't strip away the surface oils that we need for our skin to be healthy to stay hydrated, so it helps it, cleans it, but keeps it still moisturized and neutral also this particular one has peppermint oil in it, so it's quite a refreshing, very invigorating scent it could help you wake up, could give you a little tingling sensation all over your body , because its peppermint *puffs of air* I am covering the brand name , so that it does not come off that I am anti a brand, or for a brand its more of a class and type of soap enough ok so the same questions...would you say that the scent was a harsh scent? ok. um do you think it had strong chemicals of any type? Yes, it's essential oils it's quite a pleasant, very natural scent, that is very nice, I agree ok and overall did you like the smell of the shampoo? pleasant, neutral, or negative? ok very good so now let's go ahead and go to hair watching station where I will shampoo your hair very nice and gently and they were going to dry it up and come back here okay? Just to see the effects of it, the results. Ok, let's go Good? Are you comfortable? yes. Neck is fine? yes. to be using this shower hose are you okay what's that thing once you come back to me ok okay good good i was trying not to bother you too much talk just want it here to really relax and prepare it now like you so did you enjoy did you like stone and first shampoo do have still chemical behind it okay about the phone phone ten have you do you feel lighter on your hair good you had me just now you're nice and dry yeah so nice okay that's good you're welcome to come back relax if you want to finish up your people and your game baby so go ahead and close and i'll be ready there was no I mean more burning sensation right think just me case there's a shin