Hello my friend. Welcome to this Russian themed relaxation video, in which I have prepared some tools and objects that are brought all the way from Russia for you, with love. From Russia, with love, for you. And, we're going to play around with them. See if they could be relaxing, and see if you will enjoy them. So, how about we start? Okay. So, this wooden brush, is my favorite. Yes, you can see an engravement of a magic bird on it. In Russia, we call it: *Russian word* Repeats *Russian word" Lets do a little bit of fast tapping. However, my favorite thing, is having a gentle tappings in one ear, and gentle whispers in the other ear. It is such a soothing, lovely, combination. What do you think? Do you agree with me? Whispers in one ear, and then gentle tappings in another ear, makes you so sleepy. Tap, tap, tap, tap, tap, tap. The sounds of the soft wood, unfinished... ...unpolished wood, without treatment on it, sounds so unique; so soft. It has this very interesting "clickiness" to it. I do enjoy to squish and smoosh the brush as well. Squishing and smooshing it... ...makes it sound... ...almost like you're massaging somebody's head with it. But there is no head. No, no, it's just my hand. I will do a little tapping behind your ears like this... ...if you don't mind. Whisper and tap all into one ear, So soothing. And now this ear as well. I hope this is pleasant for you. It could be a little intense, but please stay with me. This could be enjoyable. Yes. And the same smaller brush, also a wooden brush, but this one has some berries on it. But it's so cutesy, I can keep it in my pocket book. In my pocket book. I believe this berry is called a *Russian word* Repeats *Russian word* Which is your equivalent of "currant". (spells) C-U-R-R-A-N-T Currant. (spells again) C-U-R-R-A-N-T And it sounds, just as pleasant and beautiful. Let's listen to it together. So, so good. Let's squish and smoosh this one as well. Squish and smoosh. So in Russian this is *Russian word twice* And the brush is called *Russian word twice* Brush *Russian word* Brush *Russian word* So, these are called *Russian word* Repeats *Russian word* twice. And these are toys that you give to kids, that distract them with the sound. And in old times, people used to cut bark off trees. So this is wood bark. This is particularly is a birch tree, or *Russian word* And, they would mold them into these envelopes, and put a few pieces of dried peas (spells) P-E-A Peas. And this will create the sound. So, let's do this all around us. Let's listen to how it sounds. So imagine yourself being a small child, and having to play with these, all the time. So imagine yourself being a small child, and playing with these. It's quite simple, but very genius. This toy is made out of bark, and dried peas, and then glued together. It rattles so gently. Very, very unique. Very specific sound. Let's try to whisper in one ear, and do the gentle rattle in the other, until you fall asleep. Is this working for you? It does for me. It sounds quite gentle. So, my dearest friend, please do fall asleep, please do, let go, and enjoy the moment of peace, and relaxation. I thank you for joining me tonight. I thank you for allowing me to helping you fall asleep and taking care of you Goodnight. *Russian word* Sweet dreams. *Russian word*