Is that attached? Okay, I think this is it I cannot see, let me see Is it... Oh, now I can see myself! Okay Thank you for joining me today This is my video first ASMR session And my... people of authority have allowed me to make this video I'm very big fan of ASMR videos, I've been watching them for a big long time And you know some people may say that I'm a little crazy But I'm not crazy I just, you know, I just have some things to work on And... for now, I live in this house, in this room And it's great, because it has so many ASMR sounds in it One of my favorites sounds is the walls' sound And I have this walls all over, everywhere So when I bounce around, it makes a nice and crinkly sound I'll show you Sometimes I tap on it, like tap, tap, tap Isn't that great? Sometimes I tap intentionally like that But I know that I have to be quiet now, because it's a whisper video, it's a whisper video So I can get ready We're gonna do it like that Just like my favorite, Tony Bomboni does it Boopsie, boopsie, boopsie, boopsie, boopsie, boopsie, boopsie, boopsie, boopsie, boopsie, boopsie, boopsie, boopsie, boopsie, boopsie, boopsie, boopsie, boopsie, boopsie I feel your aura We need to cleanse it Okay I can feel it, I can feel we need a cleansing So... How about to start with this fan... with this hair dryer? And we will cleanse you... from all your bad aura, we'll just remove it all from you... Uuuuuuh And, plus is a very relaxing sound, I like to hear it in my ear like that So, let me start doing it, ok? I can... I can feel my aura cleansing A lot of ASMRtists do the kissing sound and I want to do them too I've been doing it right? ...That kissing sound that I like which is the blow dryer It is so good Okay I also like to listen to Dimitri MassageASMR He's my favorite too And... they allowed me to get the cubes I'm supposed to be whispering, I'm sorry So relaxing... Oh yes... Oh yes, this sounds so good... Good Do your hear that? You know it's Halloween... So things do happen Okay, so, I also can do this lovely tapping sound Tap, tap, tap It sounds like a very rapid... raindrops I'm used to do it in a more natural base I kinda suck at this lower one too I'm just so excited So thank you to Dimitri So, also, we can do spray You know... They don't allow me too many sprays, but this one they do, because it's stress management See? It is for managing stress And... you know I have issues with that So... I spray a lot And it's so relaxing... I hope you will like it too I'm ready, ready Oh god... You and me under the spray! So wonderful... So relaxing... It has some cardamom, cumin scent, rosemary... I saw this had lavender, but maybe doesn't help... I also love to listen and watch to Emma WhispersRed WhispersRed, WhispersRed, WhispersRed, WhispersRed, WhispersRed, WhispersRed, WhispersRed, Whisperserd, Red And... she has been playing a lot with slime So, they allowed me to get my own slime too Oey It is again Halloween, so I can play... with things like that I can tap We can make... a nice squishy sound It's more of a spanking sound, like this... This cute and slimey, makes a lot of that slimey, wet sound That is very appropiate for Halloween So... You look great in slime! I wonder if I look at... Oey! Well, nobody will know that I dropped it... If you don't tell anyone Don't tell anyone, please... I can do this gross stuff, look... Isn't that gross? It's pretty gross Okay... Also, you see they did my hair today, they did my makeup today, I look very pretty, and I'm going to cut my hair and cut yours too, if you don't mind I'm excited... So I can just brush... Most of the times brushing works for me, sometimes it doesn't, but who cares? We can just try to do our best, yes, and I can brush and kiss you too So I brush, and I cut See? I brush, and I cut I brush, and I cut Isn't that great? I can do the same thing on that side Now I can cut your hair too I can brush, and cut, brush, and cut, brush, and cut, brush, and cut, brush and cut, brush, and cut, brush, and cut... Okay I also just found... pretty cool sound It sounds like... a musical instrument I hope you enjoyed it Let's look at you any a little bit more, and look at me Oh, very nice, very nice, how much, hahaha So... You can look at yourself, how beautiful you are You see? I cutted your side a little bit here, and now you look very glamorous, and very beautiful Yes, yes... Mmhu, mmhu... So so pretty, so so pretty, mmhu, mmhu... Wonderful... Mmhu, yes, yes... Okay So that's it... I also don't have too many toys, so I sometimes have to play with different things that I just found laying around So, I found this, and it makes a nice sound. I wanted to share this with you It's a little bit hard to maneuver... ...that to make it not touch the walls Isn't that interesting? I found it to be so different, I hope you did too, And this thing is just like the one from the seven mile, where a little mousey mouse was playing with this, at a rat holder or a rat bricoler So let's kiss that too! Am I doing this right? I wonder if that's something you think it's interesting Okay... So now I'm gonna to read you a lil' book, since it's Halloween and we need something to... give it flavour, this is the book for us! I've found it and they allowed me to have it, and I'm very excited to share it with you... So, my sweetie, thank you for allow me to be a little bit crazy with you, I love you for that! Oh, I love you so much! Happy Halloween! Now let's read the book, and then I'll come back with more wall tapping, and wall squishy sounds... Squishy, squishy; tappy, tappy Okay... So... Let me read this for you Five black cats Five black cats on a dark, misty night, sit in a row beneath the moonlight One, two, three, four, five, and an itsy bitsy spider Beautiful! Five black cats on a shadowy street, looking around —who will they meet? Mmm, mystery! Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes... Okay... Moving on... Five black cats now out on the prowl, stop in their tracks at the hoot of an owl, and the owl says "hooo, hooo, hooo!", and a spider too... Spider web Okay... Five black cats, softly slinking around, suddenly hear a strange, ghostly sound. Whoa! What could that sound be? So mysterious, so mysterious! Five black cats, bravely swishing their tails, follow the sound of the low, eerie wails. Beautiful picture! And a spider around them Pumpkins there too... Very holiday-ish! Five black cats, to their great surprise, are watched by jack o' lantern eyes, and we have cool five pumpkins One, two, three, four, five... Just as many as the kitties Each pumpkin for each kitty, kitty, kitty, kitty Five black cats spot a tiny white mouse Scurrying into a spooky old house There's the little, tiny mousey mouse, right there Five black cats hear the little mouse squeak, then nudge open the door with a loud creak-creak Mmm, mystery! What could happen to them? Will they walk through this door, in the strange house? This kitty is very excited... He's so adventurous, you can tell... Five black cats creep through the empty rooms —At the top of the stairs, a dark shadow looms. You can see is a shadow, or a ghost Boooooooooooooooo! Do you think it's a scary ghost, or is it a very friendly ghost? I think he's quite friendly! Kitties are just running around... Five black cats get a bit of a scare As the flip-flapping wings of a bat fill the air. Flip-flap, flip-flap, flip-flap, flip-flap, flip-flap, flip-flap, flip-flap, flip-flap, flip-flap, flip-flap, flip-flap Flip-flap, flip-flap, flip-flap, flip-flap, flip-flap, flip-flap, flip-flap, flip-flap, flip-flap, flip-flap, flip-flap All of a sudden, someone turns on the light. What a surprise —it's the ghosts' party night Oh, look at that feast! A froggie, and friendly ghosts, and a cute skeleton, and a cutesy old witch, and itsy bitsy spiders as well, and the kitties having a Halloween feast What a wonderful story.