I'm very excited in this video to stick some floam in your ears, and then with my various tools we will then clean your ears out. So I have a lot of fun sounds planned for this video, I have floam and slime, so let's begin shall we. So if you didn't see my first floam video, maybe this is your first time meeting floam. So it's kind of like foam, but it's also like slime and let's just see how it sounds when I stick it right in your ear. [floam sounds] [brushing floam] What do you think of that sound? I've got my earbuds in right now so I can hear along with you, and I've got to say I'm really liking this sound. I've got a mascara spooly here, twist that little baby into the floam, you can see how nice and sticky it is when it gets pulled out. So I'm just going to get this one going on one side. It almost sounds like a frog croaking. [floam sounds] [more floam sounds] Okay, more of that sound a little later, I have so much fun stuff to play with here. [brushing sounds] [sticky fingers and floam sounds] [rubbing cotton sounds] [crunching Floam] [pulling on Floam] Alright, before I take this floam out of your ears, Let's do this little mascara spooly trick again shall we. [brushing floam] [more floam brushing] [relaxing floam brushing sounds] [squishing floam] [right ear floam brushing] Alrighty. [digging in floam] [more digging] [pulling on floam] Now that is a lot of earwax, you should be careful, clean your ears more often. So now that I have a nice little bit of slime stuck on the ears, let's use some more slime and see what happens. So I have 2 slimes here, one is this kinda shiny slime. Doesn't want to come out apparently. Alrighty. So I know what you're thinking, geeze Corrina, that slime seems really messy, how is it gonna help my ears be cleaner? That's a good question. It's like when you use dirt for cleaning, sometimes things in life make a lot of sense, sometimes they don't make any sense at all, oh yeah that's cool right there, look at that. Oh no, oh on. Now I'm dropping the slime everywhere. This might be the most disgusting slime I've ever had the pleasure of playing with. Certainly the craziest slime I've ever stuffed in someones ears, that's for darn sure. Alright, I'm gonna try the second slime and see if it's a little bit more amenable to cleaning your ears off. Because I'll admit, this purple slime, not helping. It is fun thought. So here I have another slime, this one is actually intended for cleaning off a computer keyboard and stuff like that. So I don't know if you can see this but it's not really grabbing the green floam slime very well, but it sounds cool. Alright, so now it's working, I can see the ears are getting cleaner, my you have such nice, lovely ears. Go ahead and grab some of these other fuzzies that are stuck on the Dio here. I really would love to hear your feedback on this video, just playing with some fun sounds tonight that I have not tried before, so I would definitely love to hear your feedback. I have to say these ears are looking pretty darn clean, so that's a good sign. Oh yeah, that's a real clean ear. Also maybe just a little bit of delicate brushing, leaving you feeling nice and clean and refreshed. This super watery slime, I'm actually really excited to play with this in some other videos. Anyways guys, let me know what you thought of this video, let me know if you like the more traditional ear cleaning, or if we should have more fun like this again. Many thanks to Elliot for sending us this awsome new 3Dio, he's a big fan and he's actually doing a really neat giveaway, and you can find details about that giveaway in the description of this video. We love paying it forward to our fans, we actually sent our old 3Dio to an ASMArtist named Zoe in France, her channel is called Windy Whispers, so if you miss our old 3Dio, you can check it out on her channel. We're just so happy to be part of the ASMR community, all of you guys are so wonderful and sweet. So thank you so much.