This week, the two just happened to run into one another after a night out at Nightingale Plaza in Hollywood.DeMario looked very happy to see her, and in one instance, it looks like they nearly kissed!Corinne jumped on him as he held her tight. They even said they were suddenly friends again. Guess an apology works miracles.Earlier this week, on Tuesday’s episode of Bachelor in Paradise, Corinne, 24, spoke in her first televised interview about the incident that was talked about around the world. “I would want to tell him, ‘Listen, I respect you as a human,’” she told Chris Harrison. “‘I have nothing against you. I’m so sorry you had to go through this. I know what it feels like. I’m sorry.’ I don’t blame DeMario,” Corinne added. “I never pointed fingers at DeMario.”As reported, Corinne and DeMario got caught up in a scandal after engaging in a sexual encounter in a pool that crew members deemed inappropriate. After further investigation, it was determined there was no wrongdoing.Corinne also revealed to People that she was on medication at the time and believes alcohol mixed with the medicine negatively affected her. “The only regret I have is letting myself drink too much — that’s it…It was unfortunate. But you know what, I’m an adult and I have to move past it.”What are your thoughts on them being friends again? Let us know in the comments section.This week, the two just happened to run into one another after a night out at Nightingale Plaza in Hollywood.DeMario looked very happy to see her, and in one instance, it looks like they nearly kissed!Corinne jumped on him as he held her tight. They even said they were suddenly friends again. Guess an apology works miracles.Earlier this week, on Tuesday’s episode of Bachelor in Paradise, Corinne, 24, spoke in her first televised interview about the incident that was talked about around the world. “I would want to tell him, ‘Listen, I respect you as a human,’” she told Chris Harrison. “‘I have nothing against you. I’m so sorry you had to go through this. I know what it feels like. I’m sorry.’ I don’t blame DeMario,” Corinne added. “I never pointed fingers at DeMario.”As reported, Corinne and DeMario got caught up in a scandal after engaging in a sexual encounter in a pool that crew members deemed inappropriate. After further investigation, it was determined there was no wrongdoing.Corinne also revealed to People that she was on medication at the time and believes alcohol mixed with the medicine negatively affected her. “The only regret I have is letting myself drink too much — that’s it…It was unfortunate. But you know what, I’m an adult and I have to move past it.”What are your thoughts on them being friends again? Let us know in the comments section./n