Hey guys it’s Ro! I thought I would make a quick video because I am making some edible Valentines Day Treats for my friends. And I thought, maybe some of you might need a last minute Valentines Day Gift Idea. I’m basically making cookies with Cookie! She’s been stuck to my side all morning! I don’t really know why, she just always wants to sit with me today. Cookie, do you want to be my valentine, is that what’s going on? Today I’m gonna be taking a traditional Valentines Day Conversation Candy, and giving it a modern twist. I’m gonna be making sugar cookies that look like the candies. I love all the pastel colors. But we’re gonna be writing more modern, popular sayings. Because these conversations, they’re cute, they’re classic! Let’s Kiss, Crazy For You. XOXO, they’re just not as modern as I like, so let’s get started! To start off, you’ll need to make sugar cookie dough, I used the almond sugar cookie recipe from my Nerdy Nummies Cookbook, but you can use whatever recipe you like. The reason I use this one is because it holds shape of cookies very well while it bakes, I love this recipe. I’ll put a link down below to where I’ve made it before. The things you’ll need to make this dough will be: 3 cups of all purpose flour, 1-1/2 cups plus 1 tablespoon of sugar, 3/4 cup almond meal, 2 sticks of salted butter at room temperature, 2 large eggs, 1 teaspoon of baking powder, 1/8 teaspoon of salt, 1/2 a teaspoon of freshly grated nutmeg, 1-1/2 teaspoon of vanilla extract, and 1/2 a teaspoon of almond extract. The first thing that you’re gonna do is roll your sugar cookie dough to be about 1/4 of an inch thick, lightly flour the top, so that our cookie cutter doesn’t stick. And now you’re gonna take a heart shaped cookie cutter and we’re gonna cut a bunch of little hearts. I’ve done a lot of baking on this table, I like to hang out here and decorate! Sometimes Mo and I watch movies while I’m decorating little cake pops. It’s so comfy Cookie fell asleep already! She’s like, wake me up when the cookies are done! Remove the excess dough, I’m just balling it over here and then I’m gonna re-roll it and make some more cookies. I’ve got a baking sheet lined with a piece of parchment paper, and you’re gonna transfer all of your cookies over here. And what I really like about this recipe is that they don’t expand too much. They really do hold their shape! This is why its 1 of my favorites. Once you’ve got your cookies on the sheet, what I’m gonna do is pop these cookies in the freezer for about 10 minutes, this will help the sugar cookie hold its shape while they’re baking, just a fun tip! After they’re chilled in the freezer you’re gonna pop ‘em into the oven and bake ‘em at 350 for about 12 minutes. You’ll just want to take them out before they start to brown! Cookie, you’ve been so patient that I’m gonna give you a little heart shaped dog treat! Yeah, I found those at the store! Good girl! Once your cookies have baked and had plenty of time to cool, you want to make sure that they’re not hot anymore, because we’re gonna be icing them! If the cookies are still hot, it will melt the icing, you don’t want that! This is the fun part! It’s time to decorate! I like want to have a cookie party right now because look at all these colors! This looks so fun! That would be a fun idea for Valentines Day! You could invite a bunch of friends over and have a cookie decorating party! You can come if you want. I get a lot of questions about what type of icing I use, and this is a royal icing, I made this from scratch, it’s super easy, all you’ll need is 5 egg whites, 1/2 a teaspoon of vanilla extract and 4 cups of powdered sugar. You just mix it up, and then dye it the colors you want. I used a bunch of different food colorings to make them look like the pastel colors of the conversation hearts, and ta-da! We’ve got the rainbow! Alright, so what you’re gonna do is you’re just gonna take a sugar cookie, and ooh let’s start with purple! Look at this you guys! I’m living, I’m learning, these are little rubber covers that go on top of the tip so that your icing doesn’t dry out! And then here, I just scooped a bunch of my royal icing into a plastic baggie, I put a number 4 tip at the end, for just a little bit more control. You don’t have to do this, you can just use a ziplock baggie and just cut a small little hole at the end. Cookie! You’re supposed to be helping me! These are really easy to ice. The first thing that you’re gonna do to decorate is outline all of your cookies. 1 thing to look out for is if your icing starts to run off the side of the cookie, the icing is just a little bit too thin, so just add a little bit more powdered sugar, to thicken it up! And on the other end of the spectrum, if you’re having a really hard time piping, you can add a little bit of water. You can ice them all the way to the edge, but I like to leave a little bit of room, showing my friends that these are some fresh sugar cookies! Henny, what are you doing over there?!?! After you’ve piped the outline of your heart, we’re gonna let it sit for about 5 minutes to harden, before we fill it in. It’s kind of creating a fence, to hold all of the icing. So I’m gonna sit it off to the side. And, ice some more! I’m gonna be icing my cookies all of the colors that I have up here, except for red, we’re gonna be using red to write on the actual conversations. Alright now we’ve got our cookies all outlined and we’re gonna fill them in with icing! Which, is called flooding, there’s a little bit of baking terminology! Now we’re gonna flood our cookies! Flood them with icing! Which is the yummiest kind of flood. And I do Zig-zags back and forth, bew-bew-bew-bew-beeewwww! And then I like to take a little toothpick, move the icing around, fill it in. Just make sure it all touches! This is why I like to use royal icing on cookies, because you get a very smooth finish once it’s set. And then you’re gonna do this to the rest of your cookies. Now it’s time to use our red royal icing, I’ve made the red royal icing a little bit more thick by adding a little bit more powdered sugar. I do this because when you’re piping on letters, I really want them to be firm and hold their shape. They’re a little bit more detail oriented. Now I’m gonna pipe some popular conversations, I was thinking of some while these were drying. And the first one that came to mind was BAE! Gotta give a cookie to your BAE! Alright, here’s our first 1, it says BAE! Next I’m gonna pipe ILYSM, I Love You So Much! Now I’m gonna pipe the rest of my cookies and come up with some fun conversations. I really like this idea because if you have any inside jokes with your friends, or family members, or a special someone, you can pipe some of those little words on here too! Ta-da! Here are all the Conversation Heart Sugar Cookies that we made today! It was a very fun twist on a traditional Valentines Day Candy! We’ve got: Text Me, Senpai, Relationship Goals, Ship It, Yes Queen, I love you so much, On fleek, or it could be eyebrows on fleek, up to you, up to you! Swipe right, for all my girlfriends using Tinder. Keepers to the right, creepers to the left! My squad, Pizza? BAE, DM Me, and Netflix and Chill, which is probably how I’m gonna be spending my Valentines Day! And, let me know in the comments down below what you would put on a Conversation Heart Cookie, because I’m probably missing some things. I hope you guys enjoyed them, this is a very fun, last minute Valentines Day gift idea, and I hope you have a good Valentines Day, bye-bye!