Hey guys, it’s Ro! Today I’m going to be making DIY Valentines Day treats! I just wanted to share these yummy ideas with you all that I am making this year. You can make them for your friends, your family, or that special someone. Let’s get started! The 1st thing I’m making are these Gummy Pretzel Cupid Arrows, I found the idea online, they’re super easy, no-bake treats! To make these, you will need: Some pretzel sticks, heart shaped gummies, I found these cherry ones at World Market, a pair of baking scissors and some toothpicks. The 1st thing that we’re gonna do is take a heart and poke a hole in the top of the heart with your toothpick. Then you’re gonna take your pretzel stick, place it into the top of the heart of the hole we just made. Now take a second heart, use those baking scissors and you’re gonna cut a triangle at the top of the heart, to make the little tail of the arrow. It’s really sticky, I’m gonna pull that out and, I’m gonna eat it, have a little snack! Nom-nom-nom-nom-nom-nom-nom! Now take your toothpick, make a hole at the bottom, then take your little tail and put it on the other end of the pretzel. It should look a little something like this when it’s all done, and now you’re just gonna make a bunch of them! Pewm, pewm! The next thing that we’re gonna make is a bouquet of chocolate dipped pretzels, this is a fun alternative to flowers, you can give them out at school or work to all of your buddies. The things you’re gonna need are: Some melting chocolates, a glass, a piece of wax paper, and a cookie sheet, some big pretzel sticks, heart shaped sprinkles, I found these at Michaels by Wilton, a roll of ribbon, a piece of scrapbook paper, I’m using red, a pair of scissors, and some tape. The 1st thing that you’re gonna do is take your piece of scrapbook paper, and cut it in half, dig-uh, dig-uh, dig-uh, dig-uh, dig-uh! And then you’re gonna roll it into a cone shape, and secure it at the end with a piece of tape. Now I’m taking my scissors and I’m just touching up the top so that it will look like a cute little smooth vase so that you can stick all these little pretzels in like this, da-dew! Now I’m gonna take my piece of ribbon and my scissors and cut it down the middle because I couldn’t find thin ribbon, so I’m just gonna make my own. With the 1st piece I’m gonna make a little bow, there we go, just like that. I’m taking the 2nd ribbon and I’m putting a little bit of hot glue on the backside, and then I’m placing it around the front to make it look pretty. And I’m just gonna wrap the excess around the back, making a cross. I’m just gonna glue that down and cut off the excess ribbon. Now I’m gonna take the bow, put a little bit of hot glue on the backside, and then stick it on the front of my little bouquet! Hot glue is a little bit messy, it always leaves these little, hot glue, I call it strings, but that’s OK, you can just pull ‘em off! And there you go, your bouquet is all done and now it’s time to make some pretzels! 1st thing you’re gonna do is heat up your chocolate melts, I’m using the microwave. And once they’re all melted you’re gonna pour the chocolate into a tall glass, and then take your big pretzel stick and dip it in the chocolate. I like to pour it on the side and twist it around, that makes it a little bit easier to get the chocolate all up on the stick. ‘Dere we do! ‘Dere we do! Then you’re gonna let the excess chocolate drip off into the cup, and then once a lot of the excess chocolate has dripped off, you’re just gonna place your pretzel stick onto that wax paper. Now take one of your little heart shaped sprinkles, and put a little bit of chocolate on the backside, I’m using a toothpick. And then you’re gonna stick it on top of your pretzel stick, so that when they stick out of the bouquet, they look so Valentine-sy! Look at that little heart, so cute! Then you’re just gonna make a bunch of pretzels and stick ‘em into your bouquet! The last thing that we’re gonna make are these conversation heart cheesecakes! I found them online, they’re so adorable! You’re gonna need all of these ingredients, there’s a bunch of them, so I’ll explain them as we go. The 1st thing that you’re gonna need is a heart shaped mold, I found this from Wilton, and a roasting pan, I’ll put both links down below, so if you’d like to order them online you can. And you’re gonna fill the roasting pan with water, enough so that it will go 1/2 way up the sides of the heart mold. Then pick up the rack with the heart molds on top and set it aside. You’re gonna put the pan with the water in it in the oven while the oven heats up to 325 degrees. While the water is heating up in the oven we are gonna make some cheesecake crust. You’re gonna combine 1 cup of graham cracker crumbs, 1/2 a stick of melted butter, and 1 pinch of cinnamon, and stir them together in a bowl. Now take a tablespoon of crumbs and place them into each of the heart molds, you’re gonna press down on the crumbs to make a compact crust. And once you’ve done that to your molds you’re gonna place this in the fridge while we’re gonna make some cheesecake filling. Yum-yum-yum-yum-yum! To make the cheesecake batter, you’re gonna need 1 cup of sugar, 3 eggs, 2 cups of sour cream, 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract, 2 blocks of cream cheese and a mixer, you can use a hand mixer if you don’t have a stand mixer, that’s fine. Mix 2 blocks of cream cheese together until they’re very smooth, then you’re gonna add 1 cup of sugar and beat for 1 minute. Then you’re gonna add 3 eggs and beat for another minute, once those are mixed, you’re gonna add 1 teaspoon of vanilla extract. I found these cute heart shaped teaspoon measurers at a store called Sur La Table! I’ll put a link down below so you can check ‘em out! Lastly, add your sour cream and mix it all together 1 last time. Divide the cheesecake batter into 6 bowls, we are gonna dye them the different colors of the traditional conversation hearts. So cute! Dee-dee-dee-dee-dee! The dyes that we’re gonna use are lemon yellow, electric pink, leaf green, electric orange, purple, and we’re gonna be leaving 1 of the bowls blank, just white. Add in a few drops of dye and mix it around until you get the colors you like. Once you’ve got all your colors ready, you’re gonna pour your cheesecake batter into your heart molds, this recipe makes for a double batch, so, we’re just gonna start with 6 and bake another 6 later. When you’re filling the cheesecake into the molds, you can fill it all the way to the top because unlike a regular cake, cheesecake does not rise that much. I’m also just giving these cheesecakes a little jiggle to release all those air bubbles. After your heart molds are filled, place them into the pan with water, which is now filled with hot water, and bake them at 325 for 27 minutes. After they’re done baking, allow them to cool for 1 hour at room temperature, and then place them into the fridge for 3 hours. This will allow them plenty of time to chill and harden, and then you’re gonna take them out of the fridge and just pop them out of the molds. They pop out really easy! I’ve popped them out, they look so cute! And next we’re gonna do some decorating with food coloring dye and a paint brush. Write whatever conversation notes you want on top of the cheesecakes. Just be careful because when these cheesecakes are at room temperature, the surface becomes a little bit soft. These are what mine ended up looking like, but you can write whatever you’d like! Here are all the DIY Valentines Day Treats we made today, they were so fun and easy to make, I hope you guys have a good Valentines Day, and I hope these treats give you some good ideas, because I love them! LOVE THEM! Sorry, I’m weird… OK, bye-bye! Beep-beep-bee-bee-beep-beep-beep!