- Today, we are going to make the world's largest Conversation Heart cookie! (lively music) Okay guys, Valentine's Day is approaching and one of the most popular candies during Valentine's Day is these Conversation Hearts. Like they say, oh, a bunch of different messages on them. Dream big. Crazy for you. Like and subscribe. Give me a hug. Anyway, they're cool because they have cute little messages on them. Let's start making our giant Conversation Heart using this pan and these ingredients. This is what you're going to need, two sticks of butter, going to use my trusty spatula. There we go. 3/4 cup of white sugar. 3/4 cup of brown sugar. Now we're going to beat it 'til it's nice and fluffy, like a cloud. All right, it's nice and fluffy. Now we are going to add one teaspoon of vanilla. This is the stuff that makes it smell really good. Ah! Now we are going to add two eggs. Make sure you're not mixing so that if you accidentally drop a shell in there, it won't get lost in the dough. And mix it up some more. (lively music) All the stuff that we just put in here are considered wet ingredients. Now we're going to move on to the dry ingredients. Right here we have two and 1/4 cup of flour. We're going to add in one teaspoon of baking soda and a 1/2 teaspoon of salt. And we're going to mix our dry ingredients together. Now we are going to slowly pour our dry ingredients in our wet ingredients. If you add the ingredients slowly, it will mix together really good. Now for my favorite part, the chocolate chips. I'm using milk chocolate. Comment down below which one you like better, milk chocolate or dark chocolate. Milk chocolate all the way. Now we are going to put the dough in the pan. It doesn't have to be really thick, 'cause it's going to get bigger in the oven. Oh yeah, FYI, I already sprayed my pan. That way it won't stick. All right, into the oven we go, 350 degrees for 10 minutes. Check it out! Oh, this looks so good. Okay, guys, here we go. I'm going to flip it. Sweet, this is the biggest chocolate chip cookie I've ever seen. Whoa! Time to frost it. I'm going to use pink frosting. Guys, after we're done frosting this, we're going to write some words on it. What should be on our giant Conversation Heart? Comment down below. I heart you, you melt my heart, love bug, cutie pie, XOXO? There we go. All right, now we are going to use our white frosting and pipe some words on there. Hmm, what do you think we should put? (lively music) I heart you tube. (twinkling flourish) We made a second heart shaped cookie. I'm going to make this one purple. Oh wow, this looks delicious. Now let's pipe some words on there. What should we say this time? What about BFF? (lively music) These look like cute little flowers. Guys, look how cute this is. Best friends forever. I heart YouTube, boom boom, boom boom. Guys, I made some mini chocolate chip versions, using these cookie cutters. I made a big huge cookie and then used the cookie cutters to cut them out. This one says cutie pie, 'cause you're a cutie pie. Call me baby. I heart you. And this one says sweet pea. Time for a taste test. So as you can see, there's chocolate chip cookies underneath and frosting on the top. Oh that's so good. (applauding) Hits the stop. All right guys, there you have it, our giant chocolate chip cookie Conversation Hearts. You guys should totally make this for your Valentine. Do you guys wanna know my Valentine? Shh, it's beep. Don't tell anybody. Thank you guys so much for joining me today. Don't forget to like, subscribe and comment down below who your Valentine is. Hasta la pasta, see ya later, bye. (lively music)