- Hey guys, it's Desiree. Valentine's Day is coming up, and if you're looking to make something sweet and delicious for your friends, family or your significant other, I have just the thing for you. These dark cocoa hearts are actually filled with this fluffy delicious strawberry champagne filling. It's so easy to make, and they look really impressive and fancy, like they came from a candy shop. All you're going to need are some Candy Melts and three easy ingredients. To get started, you're going to want to pick up one of these silicone molds. It's 12 cavity hearts, and melt down some dark cocoa Candy Melts in a decorating bag. I'm going to start off just filling these heart cavities. You only want to fill these about one-third of the way up the mold. Now that I have my mold filled, I'm going to take a food-safe decorating brush, and I'm going to paint the chocolate up the sides of the mold. Remember, we're putting a filling in these, so we have to create a candy shell to hold it. Once you have the mold completely filled, put it in the freezer for five to 10 minutes or until the candy is set. While my candy is chillin', I'm gonna make my fillin'. I'm going to take 3/4 of a cup of Marshmallow Fluff, a 1/4 cup of strawberry preserves, and a teaspoon of the Treatology Crisp Champagne flavoring. Give this a stir until it's all combined. Nothing says Valentine's Day to me like strawberries and champagne. Now that it's all mixed together, I'm going to put this in a disposable decorating bag. It's going to make it way easier to fill up the candy hearts. I've taken the mold out of the freezer, and you can see that the candy is firm. Now, I'm going to take that strawberry champagne filling, and fill each of these three-quarters of the way up. I'm going to tap this just a bit to let the filling settle before I add the last layer of Candy Melts. Now I'm going to take the rest of my Candy Melts and cover up all of the hearts. Give the mold a good tap to make sure everything is nice and level, and then pop it back in the freezer for 15 to 20 minutes so that your hearts completely set. Now these are completely frozen, so I'm going to give the sides a tug here to help loosen the candy from the mold. It'll just make it easier to pop them out. Then I'll put each of them on this baking sheet covered with parchment paper here so that I can decorate them. These turned out awesome. Even I'm impressed with how easy that was and how great they turned out. Now I just have to finish them off with some decorating. I have some Candy Melts candy here that I'm going to just drizzle over the hearts and add some sprinkles. And there you have it, a simple, impressive sweet treat that anyone will love this Valentine's Day. You can gift it to somebody special, or you can have them out for friends and family. I personally host a galentine's party every year with my girlfriends where we get some wine, food, desserts and these will definitely be out this year. All right, I can't resist this any longer. I have to try one. Mmm, this gooey filling is awesome. If you enjoyed this video, give it a like. Leave me a comment to let me know what sweet treats you'll be making this Valentine's Day, and subscribe to our channel so you don't miss any other great ideas. Thanks for watching. (light music)