- [Almond] Mm, it's about to be Valentine's Day and what better way to celebrate it than by eating. Eat every sweet that you can think of. Even if your single, married, confused, food will always cheer you up. Welcome back to another video, you guys. If you're new to my channel please be sure to subscribe and if you haven't subscribed, hit that subscribe button in the notifications so you'll be notified whenever I have a new video. Today, I'm sharing with you my spin on pancakes done three different ways. This is some cute ideas for a morning breakfast if you are lost for what to do for Valentine's Day. I created the Strawberries &amp; Cream, and I also created a Chocolate Hearts &amp; lace, and lastly, the Chocolate Coco Love. Isn't it cute? (rhythmic, romantic music) So let's head into my kitchen so that we can get all the tools necessary to make these pancakes. The cooking tools, as well as the ingredients, will be linked down below this video so it'd be easy for you guys to actually just snag 'em up. Lindor came through this year for the strawberries and cream Valentine's Day gift. Isn't that adorably cute? It's the main ingredient in the first set of pancakes we're about to make. Now all these tools and stuff, like this gold, I got from Target. I'm so excited. It's so cute. This heart-shaped pancake maker thingy, I think I got that from Target, as well. I'll leave the link down below for you guys. The gold spatula and the gold measuring cups, as well as the measuring spoons, those all came from Target, as well. Target came through. Target was on it. This came Target, as well, too, the little heart-shaped thingy. And this squeeze bottle. You have to have a squeeze bottle because we're gonna actually make pancakes that's gonna require that and it's BPA free so it's not harmful plastic, and it's easy squeeze. And you can also store your pancakes in the refrigerator so yeah, you're gonna need that. But first you're gonna need some pancakes, you guys. So pick out the ones that you feel that you can make on your own. I went with these all natural ones that you can get from your local grocery store. Or the ones that are gluten free that are the almond pancakes. Those work, as well. You're gonna need a frying pan. Any one will do, but I like to use my old school skillet, cast iron, and I like this one 'cause it's really, really, really old, and it has a smooth bottom. The ones that are in the market today generally have a bumpy bottom and I don't really like it or it's painted and I don't like that either. Go ahead and make your pancakes according to the instructions on the box. Mine, I just added some eggs, oil, milk, whipped it up really quick, and made sure it was free of lumps 'cause we're gonna actually put it in this bottle, and we're gonna squeeze it on into our heart-shaped pancake (brief pause) iron thingies. Anyway, these have to be well oiled, you guys. Okay, these were on Amazon. A lot of reviews said that the pancake sticks to it, but the reason being is because you have to oil the actual, I'm gonna call it apparatus. You have to oil the apparatus so that they're easy to come out. Look at that. Isn't that beautiful? They just came out beautiful. I love it when the first set of pancakes actually work. Like, when they just cooperate 'cause generally you have to throw out the first pancake. Isn't that how it works? But this one. Let me show you. Let me show you. Hold on a minute. Hold on. Ah! Look at that. I am super excited. My pancake came out cute. It came out cute. It did. (laughter) Let me stop. But this one wanted to be a little bit stubborn. Uh oh, I'm nervous. I got it, I got it. Okay, I got it. I got it. See. I got it. Aren't they cute? Yes. My pancakes came out cute. Thank you very much. And now I'm just gonna put these over here on this plate. It's the little things, right? Next up, we're gonna add the edible lace that I got from Amazon and we need to add it to the pancake while it's warm because it makes it softer when you actually eat it. It comes in multiple colors, but what I did was I lined up my rose, centered onto the pancake. You can do it on either side if you choose to, but I chose to put it in the middle 'cause it looked the best. I'll definitely leave a link down below the video so you'll know where to get them. Well here is the yummy part. The Lindor strawberries and cream truffles. We have to melt these. It took about three truffles per pancake so just melt that for 30 seconds or however long it's gonna be in your microwave and spread that all over the pancake. Yum, yum, yum. Next up, we are about to poke through some strawberries. This is the O for the love cookie cutter that I showed you earlier and we're just gonna create some fruit to go inside of the pancakes. You can use any fruit. You don't have to use strawberries, but I just thought the strawberries were super cute, especially with the colors and, you know, strawberries and cream, I kept with the theme and then just drizzled.. I melted some more.. Actually, I think this is the same melt and just drizzled it all over the strawberry pancakes and cream. Yum. And finally, after adding the lace to the top of the pancake, be careful. Do not add so much of the cream on the top pancake because the lace will sink right into it and then it'll cover up the lace, and it just looks bad. So just don't add a lot of cream to the bottom, but that cream is addictive. It's so good, you guys, that I just ate it out of the bowl off camera. (laughter) It was so good. I'm embarrassed, but it was really that good. It actually taste better melted. Those little truffles taste better melted. And finally, I added some of the Wilton's red sugar sprinkles to mix in with the strawberries and cream. It really made those pancakes pop. You ready to create some Chocolate &amp; Lace? Well I took some confectioners sugar combined with that coco and made a chocolate heart pancake. I took the lace, centered my rose on top of a warm pancake, and I took my barbecue brush, dipped it into confectioner sugar, and I just dabbed it onto the pancake to create this amazing looking rose. How beautiful is the detail in that? The catch here is you actually have to take oil and kind of brush a light amount of oil over the pancake, not butter 'cause it doesn't work, to actually make it look that deep and detailed if that makes sense because when I tried it with butter it didn't work and I had to start over again, but it looks really good with the oil. And again, your pancake has to be warm when you lay that lace on top of it because it just kind of melts into place, but if it doesn't, you can just always hold it down and then brush your confectioner sugar on it. But it looks really cute, right? It does. It does. I'm very proud of myself for creating this. And if Cupid doesn't shoot you with his arrow, it's okay. We can make our own chocolate love pancakes starting with this Viva Cacao Powder. It is amazing. You guys have to get it. Mix it up with your pancake mix and put it inside your squeeze bottle. L-O-V-E spells love all day, every day. It sure does. Make sure you take the cookie cutters and rub oil onto every part of each metal cookie cutter because it's very important. And then go ahead and squeeze your pancake mix right in as fast as possible. The hardest one to get out was the strawberry one, but the other ones were pretty easy. Just make sure you use a pair of tongs. But before you took them over, take your spatula and kind of loosen them first because it might be a little tough. And then just use a butter knife before you take it out to just kind of line it around and push it down onto the pan before trying to take it out because you might break it and you'll have to start all over, and that would suck. And I know this from experience. (laughter) I had to make over the E. As you can see, I tried to rush to get it out so take your time to get it out, but don't take too long 'cause you don't want it to get cold. But, again, there's that oil in the pan. That's the oil you brush onto the actual pancake when you're adding your confectioner sugar and it will keep the pancakes moist enough for the sugar to stick to it and look really, really pretty. So just take your little barbecue brush and brush on as much confectioner sugar as you want to spoil yourself because that's what I'm doing. I'm eating all of these pancakes all by myself. Yes I am. And, again, there's that Wilton's sprinkles. This time I'm sprinklin' the heart on there, the red and the pink ones, along with some regular sprinkles that you use for ice cream. And just get your syrup or some whipped cream and spray on there with some fruit if you want to, and present it on a nice plate. Get you some mimosas and you can enjoy Valentine's Day by yourself, with your boo thing or with your neighbor or your teddy bear or your dog. Do dogs have Valentine's Day? I don't know, but they should. Get the dog a bone. Happy Valentine's Day, you guys. Thank you so much for watching. Hey, give this video a thumbs up. Subscribe to my channel. I will see you in my next video. Bye!