Sciuto is portrayed as having a happy, normal childhood. Her younger brother, Luca, was first mentioned by name in the season-nine episode "Enemy on the Hill".[14] He appears in season ten in a flashback.[15] She also mentioned that she has a niece[16] and that her grandmother was an Olympic swimmer who won a silver medal.[17] She has mentioned several uncles, including one named Teddy who owned a bar,[18] one named Horace whom she referred to as Horace "the Haggler" during an episode, and one named Larry who apparently wore knee-high socks and fanny packs.
Abby is a hearing child adopted by deaf parents[19] and likes her music loud. In the episode "Seadog", Gibbs tells Tony that Abby knows how to use sign language because both of her parents were deaf. Abby has stated that she dreams of visiting the Galápagos Islands, Dollywood, and Israel before she dies.[20] Abby graduated with full honors from Louisiana State University with a triple major in sociology, criminology, and psychology. She earned her master's degree from Georgia State University in criminology and forensic science. Sciuto's interest in forensics came from living near a wrecking yard and being intrigued by the cause and effect of the wrecks.[20][21] The season nine episode "Enemy on the Hill" revealed that Abby has another brother, Kyle (played by Daniel Louis Rivas), who is her biological brother, as it is revealed that Abby is in fact adopted.[22]
She appears well-versed in her field of study;[4] she is rarely stumped by the puzzles that Gibbs' team presents to her. Abby has been shown to have skills in traditional forensics, computer forensics, and hacking. She has implied that she has a PhD in chemistry.[23] It has been shown that she does all the work on the evidence herself. In season three, when she was given an assistant, Charles "Chip" Sterling, she revolted, but eventually learned to put up with him. However, their working partnership did not last long, as Abby later discovered Sterling had framed DiNozzo for murder. Exposed, Chip threatened her with a knife; she promptly subdued him, hog-tied him with duct tape, and insisted on being allowed to work alone from then on, something to which then-Director Jenny Shepard agreed.
It has also been mentioned numerous times that she is a devout Roman Catholic and is on a bowling team with several nuns.
In the 2009 NCIS: Los Angeles episode "Random On Purpose", Abby is described as being in her late 20s. However, in a flashback in the 2013 NCIS episode "Hit and Run", she is shown to be 10 years old in the early 1980s, implying that she is much older.
