All of James's novels featuring Adam Dalgliesh up to and including The Murder Room have been adapted for television, beginning with Death of an Expert Witness in 1983. The first ten novels (in the order shown below) were adapted by Anglia Television for transmission on the ITV network and starred Roy Marsden as Dalgliesh. The BBC took over the series in 2003, and Martin Shaw played the role in Death in Holy Orders and The Murder Room. Opinion[5] amongst fans of both portrayals of Dalgliesh generally agrees that Roy Marsden's portrayal of Dalgliesh emphasises the cold-fish, aloof and peremptory side of his character, and is more faithful to James's novels, whereas Martin Shaw's portrayal adds a more likeable human warmth to these character traits. The television adaptations have not always been faithful to the novel they dramatise, partly because they are out of chronological order.
Death of an Expert Witness: Dalgliesh leads the hunt for an elusive strangler in The Fens.
Shroud for a Nightingale: Dalgliesh becomes entangled in a deadly murder hunt inside a training home for nurses.
Cover Her Face: Dalgliesh follows a young girl and a trail of death to a beautiful country home.
The Black Tower: A reckless move in the drugs trade turns into a dice with death for Dalgliesh.
A Taste for Death: Dalgliesh sets up the Sensitive Crimes Squad and faces an immediate challenge.
Devices and Desires: Holidaying in Norfolk, Dalgliesh is caught up in a series of murders when he discovers a body.
Unnatural Causes: Dalgliesh is drawn into a macabre murder case during his investigations into a currency scam.
A Mind to Murder: Dalgliesh is called in following the grotesque murder of a middle-aged woman.
Original Sin: Dalgliesh discovers a body whilst investigating a series of alarming hate mail attacks on a poet.
A Certain Justice: Dalgliesh becomes involved in the death of criminal barrister Venetia Aldridge.
Death in Holy Orders: Dalgliesh investigates an apparent suicide at Saint Anselm's seminary, which is run by an old friend, Father Martin Petrie; the coincidence of another death leads to a murder investigation; Dalgliesh meets Emma Lavenham and they subsequently begin a relationship.
The Murder Room: At the beginning Dalgliesh investigates the murder in the grounds of the Dupayne Museum, of Neville Dupayne; at the end of a mad dash to the train station, he proposes to Emma Lavenham!
Five of the Dalgliesh novels have been dramatised by Neville Teller for BBC Radio 4. Robin Ellis played Dalgliesh in Cover Her Face (1993; miscredited as Robert Ellis by the BBC announcer) and Devices and Desires (1998). Phillip Franks played the role in A Certain Justice (2005). Dalgliesh was then played by Richard Derrington in A Taste for Death (2008) and The Private Patient (2010).
