Calleigh is targeted by a murderer recently escaped from prison in the season 1 finale.[24] She had been instrumental in putting him away, thanks to her testimony at trial. Despite the danger, she refuses to take herself off the case, much to John Hagen's frustration. Calleigh herself brings the murderer into custody after she catches him at a gun store.
Following Hagen's suicide in her lab at the end of season 3, Calleigh transfers out of ballistics briefly, only to return after she witnesses her successor's incompetence.[25]
In season 6 Calleigh is in her lab when a certain type of bullet rolls off the table. It hits the floor and then shoots right up to the ceiling hitting the lights which causes them to burst. This starts a fire in the lab. After the fire is put out Eric comes in and consoles her while holding her hands. They then both search for one of the three bullets. Eric finds the bullet, to which Calleigh says, "You are my hero."
When Horatio Caine and Eric Delko go to Brazil in pursuit of murderer Antonio Riaz, Calleigh is given temporary charge of the lab. Despite the geographic distance between them, she does her best to help them in their quest for justice by identifying a substance that leads them closer to Riaz.[26]
During the course of one case, while taking back roads to avoid traffic on the way back to the lab from the scene of a murder, Calleigh is nearly killed when another vehicle forced her off the road into the water. She is able to escape the sinking Hummer, and while much of the evidence gets contaminated by this incident, she and the team eventually manage to solve the case.[16] She is also shot in the line of duty after tracking down and confronting a suspect. The Kevlar vest that she was wearing during the shooting protects her from any serious injury.[27]
After having drinks with Jake, she is involved in a shooting causing her to be questioned by IAB.[21]
Calleigh is exploited on the internet and is cyberstalked leading to her kidnapping.[28] She is forced to clean up crime scenes for two criminals who hold her at gunpoint; she is later rescued by the team and taken home by Eric Delko.[29]
When Eric's therapist is killed, he and Calleigh go through her confidential files. Calleigh comes across Eric's file and reads what his therapist wrote. She is shocked to read what Eric said during one session: "After I got shot, it really put things in perspective. Made me think about my future, settling down. Be nice if it were Calleigh." Indicating that he has fallen in love with her.[30]
In mid season seven, she has a delayed reaction to the smoke she had inhaled while trying to save the evidence in a fire with Ryan. Eric instructs for paremedics to be called and holds Calleigh while trying to keep her calm until they arrive. He rides with her to the hospital where she is treated by Alexx . Eric spends much time at her bedside during which he says, "I can't imagine living my life without you." When she later wakes up she confirms that she heard him and that it was "like a dream" to which he replies "It was real".[31] They finally share their first canon kiss in Episode 16 of Season 7 (Sink or Swim). In Season 8 Episode 14, "In the Wind", Calleigh is shown in bed with Eric, passionately kissing.
Later in season 10, Calleigh reveals to Eric Delko that she intends to adopt Austin North and his sister Patty, whom she had met in the season 9 finale/season 10 premiere. In the season 10 it is revealed that the adoption went through and Calleigh now has full custody of Austin and Patty. But before the adoption is complete, Calleigh tells Eric that there is another couple wanting Austin and Patty, and that she thinks her chances are low. Upon hearing this Eric goes to the adoption counselors and informs them that Calleigh would be a great mom and has the support of the rest of the team to raise the kids, thus helping Calleigh gain custody.
