Since childhood, Dexter has felt homicidal urges directed by an inner voice he calls "the Dark Passenger"; when that voice cannot be ignored, he "lets the Dark Passenger do the driving". He abides by a moral code taught to him by his adoptive father, Harry Morgan, in which he only allows himself to kill people who are themselves murderers.
Dexter considers himself emotionally divorced from the rest of humanity; in his narration, he refers to "humans" as if he is not one himself. He makes frequent references to an internal feeling of emptiness and says he kills to feel alive. He claims to have no feelings or conscience, and that all of his emotional responses are part of a well-rehearsed act to conceal his true nature. He has no interest in romance or sex; he considers his relationship with his girlfriend (and eventual wife) Rita Bennett to be part of his "disguise".
Dexter likes children, finding them much more interesting than adults; accordingly, he treats victims who prey on children with particular wrath. His connection to Rita's children, Astor, and Cody, sometimes supersedes his relationship with Rita herself. For example, in the novels, Dexter continues his relationship with Rita because he realizes that Rita's children are exhibiting the same sociopathic tendencies he did at their age, and he tries to control their violent urges by providing them with "guidance" similar to that which Harry provided him. In the show, Dexter deviates from his code of only killing murderers to dispose of a pedophile who is stalking Astor.
Animals do not like Dexter, which can cause noise problems when he stalks a victim who has pets. The novels reveal that he once owned a dog that barked and growled at him until he was forced to get rid of it and a turtle that hid from him in its shell until it died of starvation.
Dexter occasionally behaves in a way that suggests that he does feel some rudimentary human connection. He acknowledges loyalty to family, particularly to his late adoptive father, saying: "If I were capable of love, how I would have loved Harry." Since Harry's death, Dexter's only family is his sister Debra, Harry and Doris' biological daughter. Dexter admits that he cannot hurt Debra or allow anyone else to harm her because he is "fond of her". In the first episode of season one, he says: "I don't have feelings about anything, but if I could have feelings at all, I'd have them for Deb".
In the first season, Dexter's relationship with Rita sets in motion his slow but steady introduction to human feelings, progressing further each season. During the episode "Shrink Wrap", when his current target is a psychologist, Dexter infiltrates the doctor's office by posing as a patient, and the doctor astutely speculates that part of Dexter's problem in admitting to his feelings is his need for control. In the second season finale, "The British Invasion", Dexter finally admits that he needs the people in his life.[1] In season three, when he is threatened by a target, Dexter fights to live because he wants to see his unborn child. In season four, before killing a police officer who has murdered her own husband and daughter, Dexter is overwhelmed with the realization that he does not want to lose his new family. He is also horrified when he finds out that one of his potential victims is an abusive husband and father; Dexter vehemently insists he is nothing like that and would never hurt his family. In season five, after Rita is murdered, Dexter realizes that he genuinely loved her and is devastated by losing her.[2]
In both the books and the show, Dexter selects his victims according to his adoptive father's code and kills them only after he has discovered enough evidence to prove their guilt. For each victim, he ritually prepares a kill site that has some symbolic relevance to the killer (e.g., killing a boxer in a boxing ring or a gambler in a casino's storage shed). He completely drapes the site in clear plastic tarpaulin to catch all spilled blood, and often adorns it with evidence or photos of his victim's crimes.
The actual capture of his victims differs between the books and the show. On the show, it usually entails approaching the victims from behind and injecting an anesthetic (specified to be an animal tranquilizer called etorphine hydrochloride, or M99), which renders his victims temporarily unconscious.[3] The injection is a tradition established with his first victim, the hospital nurse.[4] He uses the alias Patrick Bateman (the serial killer protagonist of Bret Easton Ellis' American Psycho) to procure these tranquilizers.[3] Other times, Dexter incapacitates his target by using either his hands or a garrote to cut off blood flow to the brain. In the books (and twice in the television program), he hides in the back seat of his victim's vehicle, then wraps a noose of fishing line around his victim's throat when he sits down. Dexter then uses the threat of asphyxiation to force his victim to drive them to his prepared kill site.
Once they have arrived, he either strangles them into unconsciousness or uses the noose to drag them to the kill site proper. In such cases, he anesthetizes them once he has informed them of his judgment. When victims awaken, they are naked and secured to a table with plastic wrap, and for stronger victims, duct tape. If he has not already done so, he confronts them with narrative evidence of their crimes. In the novels, the method usually involves an extended "exploration" with various sharp knives; on the show, Dexter's favored method usually involves an immediately fatal wound to the chest, neck, or gut with a variety of weapons. He occasionally varies his methods to fit particular victims; he kills his brother (and fellow serial killer) Brian by cutting his throat with a dinner knife;[5] he stabs gang lord Little Chino in the chest with a machete.[6] He kills Santos Jimenez—the man who murdered his mother—in the same manner in which his mother was killed, by dismembering him with a chainsaw. On other occasions, he uses hammers, drills, and other power tools.
Just before the murder, Dexter collects trophies from his victims so he can relive the experience. Dexter's trophy signature is to slice the victim's right cheek with a surgical scalpel to collect a small blood sample, which he preserves on a microscope slide. In the TV show, Dexter keeps blood slides from all his victims neatly organized in a wooden filing box, which he hides inside his air conditioner. In the novels, he keeps them in a rosewood box on his bookcase.
Ultimately, he dismembers the bodies into several pieces, stows them and the plastic sheeting in black, heavy duty, biodegradable garbage bags, then adds rocks from the dock where he keeps his boat as anchor weight, and seals the bags with duct tape. He then takes the wrapped bags out on his boat and disposes of them by dumping them overboard into the ocean at a defined location; in the TV series, his dumping ground is a small oceanic trench just offshore. In one episode, the dump site and remains are inadvertently discovered by scuba divers, so he changes tactics, cutting the bodies into smaller pieces and dumping them further offshore, where they will be dispersed by the Gulf Stream. The books give less detail about disposal, with Dexter usually improvising depending on the victim. He has dumped some victims into the ocean due to the victim's owning a boat and doing the same with their own victims, but uses anchors to weight the bags. He disposes of another body in a vat of hydrochloric acid.
Dexter was born on February 15, 1971.[7] At the story's outset, Dexter knows very little about his life prior to being adopted by Harry Morgan (a Miami detective) and his wife Doris. Harry only tells Dexter that his parents were killed in a car accident, and Harry brought him home from the crime scene. When Dexter is seven, Harry discovers that the boy has been killing neighborhood pets and realizes that Dexter is a sociopath with a deep need to kill. Consequently, Harry decides to channel the boy's homicidal urges in a "positive" direction by teaching him to be a careful, meticulous killer of people who "deserve it"—murderers who had escaped justice and deserved to die. Doris died when Dexter was 16, and Harry died when Dexter was 20.[8] In the second season, Dexter's nemesis, Sergeant James Doakes, discovers that Dexter forsook a career in medicine to pursue blood spatter analysis, despite being top of his class at medical school. He also notes that Dexter studied advanced jujutsu in college.[9]
Both the television show and the first novel gradually reveal Dexter's complete back story. Dexter was born out of wedlock in 1971 to a young woman named Laura (Laura Moser on the show), although a later episode says he graduated high school in 1991. In the novels, Laura was involved in the drug trade.[5] On the show, Laura was a police informant for Harry Morgan and his secret mistress. Dexter's father (named Joseph Driscoll on the show) was in the US Army and served in the Vietnam War, but later became a drug-addicted criminal. Dexter also had an older brother, named Brian.[5][10] On October 1, 1973, Dexter and Brian witnessed their mother's brutal murder at the hands of three drug dealers. For two days, the brothers were left in a crate, surrounded by dismembered body parts and sitting in a pool of blood.a[›] Harry adopted the three-year-old Dexter, while Brian was left to the child welfare system.b[›]
Dexter only remembers his mother's murder later in life, when he is called to an extremely bloody crime scene left by his brother—who has also grown up to be a serial killer. In the novel, Brian escapes Miami, but returns in Dexter Is Delicious. On the show, however, Dexter catches and (reluctantly) kills Brian, aware that Brian would never stop trying to kill Debra or other innocent people.[5]
