The Encyclopedia Brown television series premiered on HBO in 1989, with 30-minute episodes. Scott Bremner played the title role, with Laura Bridge playing Sally. The live action series ran a little over 10 episodes. It was produced by Howard David Deutsch and directed by Savage Steve Holland.[4][5] It also included a 60-minute episode ("The Case of the Missing Time Capsule").
Exact episode run information is difficult to track down, but here is at least a partial list of episodes (not necessarily in airdate order), most all of which have been officially released to VHS. 1."The Case of the Missing Time Capsule" (hour long special first aired in 1989 to kick off series and released to VHS.) 2."The Case of the Burglared Baseball Cards" (Released to VHS) 3."The Case of the Amazing Race Car" (Released to VHS) 4."The Case of the Flaming Beauty Queen" (Released to VHS) 5."The Case of the Ghostly Rider" (Released to VHS) 6."The Case of the Incredible Culpepper" (This episode does not seem to have been released to VHS. The Movie Kids web site (http://www.moviekids.tv/code/epi/index.php?id=18302) offers a synopsis: The big Idaville magic show is spoiled when a lion belonging to The Incredible Culpepper is stolen. E.B. and Sally are immediately on the case and identify several suspects. With their typical detective skills they soon solve the crime and return the lion to Culpepper. The magic show finally entertains all the good folks of the town- Thanks to Encyclopedia Brown.) 7."The Case of the Missing U.F.O." (Released to VHS) 8."Encyclopedia Brown, The Boy Detective in One Minute Mysteries" (This episode adapted 6 of the Encyclopedia Brown stories from the books, including Encyclopedia's very first case - "The Case of Natty Nat", "The Case of the Scattered Cards", "The Case of the Civil War Sword", "The Case of the Foot Warmer", "The Case of the Bitter Drink" and "The Case of the Great Merko". This was also released to VHS.)
"The Case of the Incredible Culpepper" (This episode does not seem to have been released on VHS. The Movie Kids website offers a gallery of screen captures and a synopsis: "The big Idaville magic show is spoiled when a lion belonging to The Incredible Culpepper is stolen. E.B. and Sally are immediately on the case and identify several suspects. With their typical detective skills they soon solve the crime and return the lion to Culpepper. The magic show finally entertains all the good folks of the town- Thanks to Encyclopedia Brown.)According to this site (http://www.theguidearchive.com/info.php?ID=1470), the episode aired in February 1991 on multiple dates: 2/6, 2/15, 2/18 and 2/28.[6]
In June 2013, Warner Bros. optioned the Encyclopedia Brown books into a feature film.[7][8]
Matthew Johnson, director of The Dirties (2013), was in talks to write the movie. Roy Lee and Howard David Deutsch (producer of the 1989 Encyclopedia Brown TV series) and Jonathan Zakin were announced as producing.[9]
