Set in 1948, Devil in a Blue Dress introduces Easy Rawlins, a newly unemployed defense plant worker who takes on his first case when he searches for the mysterious Daphne Monet, the mistress of a wealthy man who brings him into a dangerous game of corruption and crime. The help of his childhood friend, the murderous, avaricious, and charming Raymond "Mouse" Alexander, is key to his success.[4][5]
The book was adapted into a 1995 film of the same name, which starred Denzel Washington as Easy Rawlins, and also featured Jennifer Beals, Tom Sizemore, Maury Chaykin, and Don Cheadle as the unhinged "Mouse."
Rawlins investigates an espionage problem at a major aircraft manufacturer. He is coerced by Federal Bureau of Investigation agent Darryl T. Craxton, who knows that Easy's newly acquired real estate was bought with untaxed income, to prove that labor union organizer Chaim Wenzler is a communist. The story takes place in 1953.[6]
In 1956, a black Los Angeles Police Department detective named Quinten Naylor reluctantly taps Easy to investigate a serial killer's murdering spree. It is only when the fourth victim, the first white woman, a UCLA coed who led a double life as a stripper, is found that Rawlins is drawn into the investigation and starts to draw the threads together.[7][8]
Meeting again the beautiful woman he was in love with when he was a kid back in Texas, Easy Rawlins investigates a complex inheritance feud. This story is set in 1961.[9]
Investigating the murder of twin brothers, Easy Rawlins falls for a beautiful heroin smuggler. He meets Bonnie Shay, his girlfriend for the following episodes. His friend Mouse appears to be mortally wounded in the end but his fate remains nebulous. The story, set in 1963, climaxes on November 22, the day of President John F. Kennedy's assassination. This is the first novel in which Easy is working by day as the plant manager at Sojourner Truth Junior High School.[10]
Recollection of Easy Rawlins' youth back in Texas, circa 1939, with his friend Mouse. Easy joins Mouse on a journey that results in murder. The plot is described briefly in Devil in a Blue Dress. This is the sole Rawlins novel that is not strictly speaking a mystery, but instead a Bildungsroman, or coming-of-age story.[11]
Set in 1964, Easy Rawlins uncovers a plot to rob a bank while looking for the estranged son of a friend. After being chased by killers, Easy Rawlins decides to give up smoking.[12]
A short story collection. Equal time is given between the cases Easy solves and the evolving relationships in his life. The question of Raymond "Mouse" Alexander's fate is finally resolved. These stories are set during 1964, as is Bad Boy Brawly Brown.[13]
After the Watts Riots of August 1965, Easy Rawlins investigates the murder of a woman called Little Scarlet. The LAPD hires Rawlins to investigate the crime since it could trigger another outburst of violence.[14][15]
In 1967, the Summer of Love, Easy Rawlins is desperate to find money for the treatment of his adopted daughter, Feather, who is suffering from a rare and potentially life-threatening condition. Initially, Easy considers pulling a heist with Mouse so he can pay for his daughter's treatment, but he declines the offer. Hired by an eccentric private investigator named Robert Lee, Easy sets out to find Philomena "Cinnamon" Cargill, the lover of a disappeared liberal lawyer with secrets harking back to World War II. The case takes him to Haight-Ashbury and Easy has his first encounter with the counterculture.[16]
One year after the previous novel, Easy is no longer working a day job and does detective work full-time. He searches for the ex-Green Beret Christmas Black after his family takes in Black's adopted daughter Easter Dawn. His search brings him into conflict with servicemen who have become drug smugglers, as well as a blonde femme fatale named Faith Laneer, and he must clear his childhood friend Mouse of murder. The novel ends leaving Easy Rawlins' fate uncertain.[17]
Waking up from a coma after his nearly fatal car accident at the end of the previous novel, Easy resumes his life and trade when Mouse asks him to find a young man named Evander "Little Green" Noon who disappeared during an acid trip. Easy's search sends him into the heart of the L.A. counterculture (circa 1967) where he takes stock of how much America has changed since his own youth.[18][19]
A black ex-boxer self-named Uhuru Nolicé, the leader of a revolutionary cell called Scorched Earth, kidnaps Rosemary Goldsmith, the daughter of a weapons manufacturer, from her dorm at UC Santa Barbara. The FBI, State Department, and LAPD turn to Easy.[20]
In 1968, Easy is running a detective agency with two partners and preparing to propose to Bonnie. At Mouse's request, he takes a case clearing a young black physicist accused of murder.[21][22]
