Satyajit Ray directed Sonar Kella (1974) and Joi Baba Felunath (1979) into movies in Bengali, starring actor Soumitra Chatterjee as Feluda, Santosh Dutta as Jatayu and Siddartha Chatterjee as Topshe. This two films created a cult following in Bengali cinema later years.
Until 2011, Sandip Ray has directed five Feluda theatrical feature-length films. But the first Theatrically released Feluda film directed by Sandip Ray was Baksho Rahashya (1996) which was the first film of Feluda TV film series.
Baksho Rahashya (1996), released in theaters in December 2001. It was made for television release only in 1996, unlike the next five theatrical feature film. This film was the first TV film of Sandip Ray's Feluda new film series which was the continuation of Feluda original film series. In this TV film Sabyasachi Chakrabarty was Feluda, Saswata Chatterjee was Topshe and Rabi Ghosh was Jatayu. All films of the Feluda new film series (Continuation of the original series) were directed by Sandip Ray. In this series he made ten TV films and five full-length films in Bengali on the character.
Bombaiyer Bombete released in December 2003. In this movie Sabyasachi Chakrabarty reprised his role as Feluda, Parambrata Chatterjee as Topshe and Bibhu Bhattacharya as Jatayu.
Kailashey Kelenkari released in December 2007.
Tintorettor Jishu released in December 2008.
In December 2010, Sandip Ray made another Feluda movie, Gorosthaney Sabdhan. In it, Bibhu Bhattacharyya and Sabyasachi Chakroborty reprised their roles, but Paramabrata was replaced by Saheb Bhattacharyya as Topshe.
Royal Bengal Rohosso, released in December 2011. It is the last film portraying Bibhu Bhattacharya as Jatayu.
Badshahi Angti released in November 2014, in which Abir Chatterjee is playing Feluda for first time. This was going to be a reboot to previous Feluda film series after Royal Bengal Rahashya.[6] But in 2016 Sandip Ray cancelled the reboot series because Abir Chatterjee started a new version of film series based on Byomkesh Bakshi franchise under Shree Venkatesh Films and Surinder Films.[7] The other reason was the new Feluda movie Sandip Ray intended to make under a Mumbai-based production house Eros International, but Abir has a strict contract with Shree Venkatesh Films and Surinder Films. For the cancellation of the reboot series Badshahi Angti is now considered as a stand-alone reboot film.
In may, 2016 it was declared by Sandip Ray instead of continuing the reboot series he will continue the previous Feluda film series after Royal Bengal Rahashya (2011) and Sabyasachi Chakrabarty will return as Feluda and Shaheb Bhattacharya will return as Topshe.[8][9] There will be two stories in the new film and the film is named Double Feluda.[10][11] This is going to be a sequel of Royal Bengal Rahashya (2011) and the movie is a 50 years tribute to Feluda.
In addition to the feature films, 10 Feluda stories have been filmed by Sandip Ray as television films under the names/packages:
Satyajit Ray Presents (In Hindi, Kissa Kathmandu ka based on Joto Kando Kathmandu for DD 1) (1986) DD Bangla.
Ghurghutiyar Ghatona (1992) and Golokdham Rahasya (1992) were directed by Bibhash Chakraborty. These films aired in
Feluda 30 (Baksho Rahashya, Gosaipur Sargaram, Sheyal Devta Rahashya, Bosepukure Khunkharapi, Joto Kando Kathmandu for DD Bangla, Later Repeated in Tara Muzik) (1996–1998)
Satyajiter Goppo (Jahangirer Swarnamudra, Ghurghutiyar Ghotona, Golapi Mukto Rahashya, Ambar Sen Antardhan Rahashya for DD Bangla)(1999)
Satyajiter Priyo Golpo (Dr Munshir Diary For ETV Bangla) (2000)
From the year 1999 to 2001 Bangladesh Television (BTV) aired nine Feluda TV films. The series gained a huge popularity in Bangladesh.
In the Hindi telefilm Kissa Kathmandu ka (1985), Feluda was played by Shashi Kapoor, Jatayu by Mohan Agashe, Topshe by Alankar Joshi and Magan Lal Meghraj once again by Utpal Dutt. Feluda was played by Soumitra Chatterjee in two Bengali Feluda telefilms made in the year 1992, while Sabyasachi Chakrabarty played that role in Feluda telefilms made later. After the death of Santosh Dutta Jatayu was played by Rabi Ghosh in the first two TV films, after his death Anup Kumar played Jatayu and finally by Bibhu Bhattacharya. In Sandip Ray's ten Feluda TV films Topshe was played by Saswata Chatterjee.
Disney Channel announces the acquisition of FELUDA – THE KATHMANDU CAPER- the first ever animated TV movie based on one of India's best loved Bengali detective series "Feluda", by globally acclaimed author and Oscar-winning director Satyajit Ray.
In 2010 the animated TV film produced by DQE Productions titled Feluda: The Kathmandu Caper was produced and the rights were acquired by Disney Channel (India). The movie premiered in October and repeat is shown usually on the channel. DQE Productions also made a 13-episode animation series named Mysteries and Feluda after the animated TV film for Disney Channel (India) and Disney XD. The series including the TV film was set into a new universe, where Feluda, Topshe and Jatayu have many gadgets. In this universe Feluda doesn't smoke. The stories were different from Satyajit Ray's Feluda. The series was criticised for a vast difference with the source elements. But the series was praised for its animation quality. The series was cancelled in 2011.
The first radio adaptation of Feluda was made by Satyajit Ray: Baksho Rahsaya with his usual cast like Soumitra Chatterjee as Feluda, Santosh Dutta as Jatayu, Siddartha Chatterjee as Topshe and Sushil Majumdar as Sidhu Jyatha along with other prominent actors like Haradhan Bandopadhyay, Biplab Chatterjee and Bikash Roy.
Akashabani had produced Darjeeling Jomjomat casting a set of regular actors in radio.
In January 2007, the BBC World Service announced that it would produce at least two 'episodes' of the popular detective stories. Hindi film star Rahul Bose speaks the leading role, with Anupam Kher voicing Lalmohan. The first episode, "The Golden Fortress", aired on 10 February 2007 with the second episode, "The Mystery of the Elephant God" following on 11 August 2007.
In 2007 Sandip Ray rebooted the radio series with his own set of actors as Sabyasachi Chakrabarty as Feluda, Parambrata Chatterjee as Topshe and Bibhu Bhattacharya as Jatayu. He made two new dramas based on, Gosainpur Sargaram and Dr. Munshir Diary. They with Baksho Rahashya, directed by Satyajit Ray, aired together on Big FM.
Radio Mirchi Kolkata station airs thrillers in a radio drama format, under the programme name 'Sunday Suspense' which includes some Feluda stories and other Satyajit Ray stories. Feluda is voiced by Sabyasachi Chakrabarty. Dip voices Topshe and Mir Afsar Ali voices the side roles. Bibhu Bhattacharya voiced Jatayu in only one episode. After Bhattacharya's death Jagannath Bose voiced Jatayu.
Radio Today airs thrillers in a radio format, under the programme name 'Thursday Nightsaga' which includes some feluda stories. But stopped before finishing the feluda novel Baksho Rahasya.
Some of the Feluda stories have been made into comic strips by artists and authors. Abhijit Chattopadhyay creates Comic Strip Based on Feluda stories in every Pujabarshiki Anondomela. And the Comics are published by Ananda Publishers. English versions of comics have appeared in The Telegraph.
Penguin Books has released comic book versions of around 35 Feluda mysteries. Art has been drawn by Tapas Guha and script is by Subhadra Sen Gupta.[12]
In a collaborative album brought out in 1996 by HMV, Kabir Suman sings a 'Feludar Gaan' (Feluda's song). The song written by Kabir Suman was first publicised at Sandesh magazine on the special Feluda 30 issue released in December 1995 on the completion of 30 years of Feluda stories. Later in a collaborative album by HMV Choto Boro Miley (1996) the song was composed and performed by three-legend singer-songwriter Kabir Suman, Nachiketa Chakraborty and Anjan Dutt.
Later many of Bengali songs have references and symbols of Feluda franchise including "Calcium" by Anjan Dutt from the album Purono Guitar (1995).
