Ezra Miller portrays Barry Allen / The Flash in the DC Extended Universe.
Barry makes his debut in the 2016 film Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice where he appears in both Bruce Wayne's vision and a sequence of footage that Lex Luthor secretly possessed.[59]
Miller reprises his role in Suicide Squad, in a flashback where he is shown apprehending Captain Boomerang.[60]
Miller is set to reprise his role as The Flash in his own standalone film "Flashpoint" and the Justice League films (2017 & 2019 respectively).[61]
Barry Allen appears in the animated film adaptation of a Darwyn Cooke graphic novel entitled Justice League: The New Frontier, voiced by Neil Patrick Harris.
Barry Allen appears in animated film Justice League: Trapped In Time.
Barry Allen appears in the animated film Justice League: Doom, voiced by Michael Rosenbaum.
Barry Allen appears in the animated film Lego Batman: The Movie - DC Super Heroes Unite, an adaptation of the video game of the same name, with Charlie Schlatter reprising his role.
Barry Allen appears in The Lego Movie. He appears as a Master Builder that assisted Metal Beard in his earlier invasion on the Octan Tower which led to his capture. By the end of the movie, he is seen with his fellow DC superheroes celebrating Emmet Brickowski's victory over the Kragle.
Barry Allen appears in the animated film Justice League: The Flashpoint Paradox, voiced by Justin Chambers.
Barry Allen appears in the animated film Justice League: War, voiced by Christopher Gorham.
Barry Allen appears in the animated film Justice League: Throne of Atlantis, with Christopher Gorham reprising his role.
Barry Allen appears in the animated film Justice League vs. Teen Titans, with Christopher Gorham reprising his role.[62]
Barry Allen appears in DC Super Hero Girls: Super Hero High as a student at Super Hero High. He is voiced by Josh Keaton.
Barry Allen appears in The Lego Batman Movie, voiced by Adam DeVine. He appears as a member of the Justice League and was seen at Superman's party which Superman forgot to invite Batman to.
He had small adventures in the rotating series of superheroes cartoons included in The Superman/Aquaman Hour of Adventure, with Kid Flash. He also was a founding member of the Justice League of America along with Superman, Green Lantern, Hawkman, and the Atom.
He also appeared in Super Friends to help fellow Justice Leaguer Superman. JLA members Flash, Green Lantern, and Batman eventually joined forces with Superman and the rest of the Super Friends in Super Friends, The All-New Super Friends Hour, Challenge of the Super Friends, Super Friends, and The Super Powers Team: Galactic Guardians where he was an important member of the superteam.
Barry Allen never officially appears in the DCAU series of animated projects by Bruce Timm and Paul Dini. However he is referenced and mentioned in several episodes. A police detective in the Justice League episode "The Brave and the Bold" has a passing resemblance to Barry Allen, acting as the "good cop" during the Flash's interrogation.[63] In the Justice League Unlimited episode "Flash and Substance", the Wally West Flash mentions his uncle "flying in" to attend the dedication of a Flash Museum. There is also another character in the same episode who is Wally's teacher at the forensic lab and bears a resemblance to Barry. Although the series' Flash is Wally West in name and likeness, he has many of Barry Allen's story elements, such as his origin, job, city, foes, and status as being the first scarlet speedster and co-founding the Justice League. In part 1 of the episode "The Brave and the Bold" when the Flash goes into a comatose state he has some strange dreams; in one he has gained so much weight that he is too fat to run, a homage to the Silver Age issue of The Flash #115, and in another he has a giant head, a nod to another Silver Age comic, The Flash #177.
He made a cameo appearance in "The Joining, Part Two", the season 4 finale of The Batman. He also appeared in the season 5 episode "A Mirror Darkly", portrayed by voice actor Charlie Schlatter, who reprised his role as the Flash from Superman: The Animated Series. Producer Alan Burnett said that while Flash had no distinct identity in the episodes, he considered this particular Flash to be Barry Allen.[64]
Barry Allen is featured in Batman: The Brave and the Bold, voiced by Alan Tudyk. In "Sidekicks Assemble!", he made a cameo with the other Justice League members when an asteroid threatens Earth. In "Requiem for a Scarlet Speedster!", he was thought dead when he was pursuing Professor Zoom, only to be found in another time period which Zoom had conquered. With help from Jay Garrick, Kid Flash (Wally West), and Batman, he defeats Zoom and returns to his original time period. In a clip of "four star spectacular!", he saves Batman from Captain Boomerang, and tells him about an encounter he just had with Mirror Master and Abra Kadabra along the way.
Barry Allen appears in the Young Justice animated series as a member of the JLA and Kid Flash's mentor.[65] He is voiced by George Eads and later by James Arnold Taylor in "Endgame".[66] He is shown wearing Wally's costume rather than his original Silver Age outfit.[67] Issue #5 of the show's tie-in comic book reveals that rather than gaining his powers from a freak accident, Barry deliberately recreated the lab explosion that gave Jay Garrick his speed abilities back in the 1940s.[68] Barry's death in Crisis on Infinite Earths is adapted and substituted with Wally's for the series' finale of the series, as the three Flashes band together to deactivate a Reach device. Wally dies in a manner reminiscent of Barry's death battling the Anti-Monitor, and is referred to as casualty of an averted "crisis".
Grant Gustin reprises his role from The CW's television series The Flash in the web series spin-off Vixen.[69]
Barry Allen appears in Justice League Action with Charlie Schlatter reprising his role.
Actor Rod Haase appeared as Barry Allen's Flash in 1979's two-part special, Legends of the Superheroes.[70]
The unsuccessful 1997 Justice League of America pilot featured actor Kenny Johnston as a 20-something, unemployed, Barry Allen.
Barry Allen was the Flash in the 1990s Flash live-action TV series, although this character incorporated elements of Wally's social life, as well as previously non-existent characters such as a brother and nephew. He was played by John Wesley Shipp. This version of the Flash reaches maximum speed upon breaking the sound barrier, at which point he has to stop to rest. CBS originally wanted to cast Jack Coleman, who declined the role to pursue a career in Broadway.[71] As a police forensic scientist, Barry was working in the crime lab at the Central City Police Department headquarters when a lightning bolt struck his lab, dousing him in a combination of electricity and chemicals nearby. He discovered the accident gave him superhuman speed. With the help of S.T.A.R. Labs scientist Dr. Christina McGee, Barry learned how to control his powers with the help of a special prototype deep-sea diving suit. When Barry's older brother and police colleague Jay Allen was murdered by gang leader and Jay's former police partner Nicholas Pike, Barry wore a masked version of the suit and called himself the Flash. After capturing Pike, Barry sees his potentials of accomplishing some differences with his powers in a crime-ridden Central City, and started helping to bring other criminals to justice and provide hope to people as a masked superhero. This version of Flash was seen in an episode of The Flash (2014) as Barry, Dr. Harrison Wells, and Cisco Ramon travel through the multiverse, implying that this Flash lives in a separate universe in the Arrowverse and a parallel universe counterpart of Arrowverse's Barry's father Henry Allen.
The fifth episode of season 4 of Smallville, entitled "Run", featured speedster Bart Allen (Impulse). He is portrayed as a self-centered teenager who uses his powers for personal gain, although by the end of the episode, he was showing signs of changing his ways. Bart also carries around identification of Jay Garrick, Barry Allen and Wally West, the three Flashes in the main DC Universe. After an appearance in the season six episode "Justice", Bart becomes a recurring character using the name Impulse.
Barry Allen first appears in Arrow, played by Grant Gustin. In the episodes "The Scientist" and "Three Ghosts", Barry comes to Starling City to investigate a crime which may assist him in solving his mother's strange murder that occurred when he was 11 years old. He also hopes to meet his vigilante idol, the Arrow. Barry discovers that Oliver Queen is the Arrow after the archer's friends recruit him to save his life, and eventually he and Oliver become friends. Barry would later have numerous crossover appearances on Arrow after he becomes the Flash, especially in the annual crossover between the CW shows, where the two superheroes will join forces against a common threat.
Gustin later reprises his role in The CW's The Flash, a spin-off of Arrow.[72][73] which premiered in Fall 2014. The series chronicles Barry's journey to become a hero in his own right once he gained superhuman speed after being struck by lightning during a particle accelerator explosion. He fights to protect Central City from the escalating violence of metahuman criminals and occasionally teams with Oliver and other heroes. As the series unfolds, his nemesis remains Professor Eobard Thawne/Reverse-Flash, a metahuman speedster from the future. He gradually develops super-speed-related abilities such as vibrating through solid objects, temporarily absorbing knowledge through speed-reading, or traveling through time and parallel universes. Gustin reprised his role for a crossover with the television series Supergirl in the 18th episode of its first season "Worlds Finest" and the eighth episode of its second season "Medusa".[74][75] John Wesley Shipp, who portrayed Barry Allen / Flash in the 1990 television series, joined the cast in a recurring role as Barry's father, Dr. Henry Allen, and Henry's parallel universe equivalent Jay Garrick / The Flash. Gustin also portrayed a non-powered Earth-2 version of Barry Allen in later episodes.

In season three, Gustin portrays an evil alternate timeline future-Barry Allen who calls himself "The God of Speed" and is known by other speedsters as the legendary Savitar. Gustin portrays Barry, while Andre Tricoteux and Tobin Bell portray the character in the Savitar exoskeleton-suit through physical acting, and voice acting respectively.[76][77][78]


In season three, Gustin portrays an evil alternate timeline future-Barry Allen who calls himself "The God of Speed" and is known by other speedsters as the legendary Savitar. Gustin portrays Barry, while Andre Tricoteux and Tobin Bell portray the character in the Savitar exoskeleton-suit through physical acting, and voice acting respectively.[76][77][78]
In February 2007 it was announced that Warner Bros hired husband and wife duo Michele and Kieran Mulroney to write a script for a Justice League film.[79] George Miller signed to direct in September 2007.[80] Titled Justice League Mortal, Adam Brody was cast as Barry Allen and the film nearly went into production,[81] but the film was pushed back with Writers Guild Strike and the Australian Film Commission refusing to house filming over tax rebate disagreements.[82]
Barry Allen is the Flash in the crossover video game Mortal Kombat vs. DC Universe, voiced by Taliesin Jaffe. He appears in a variant of his current costume. Although the character model contains green eyes, normally a sign of Wally West, as well as the dual lightning bolt belt (instead of Allen's single bolt belt), which is associated with West's, the game's "Bios" section confirms that it is indeed Allen.[83] In Flash's ending, Flash discovered that he had retained a psychic bond with the warrior Liu Kang as a result of his aura attunement. The two agreed to warn each other of any cross universal breaches. It was not long before Liu Kang appeared and warned the Flash about the impending attack by the sorcerer Quan Chi.
Barry Allen appears as the Flash in the MMOG DC Universe Online, voiced by Dwight Schultz. In the exclusive "Who do you trust" trailer, he appears to be taking an order from Batman, and runs upon being told. While running, he stops to see Hal Jordan about to get killed by Black Adam. He runs there to save Hal. Before he can, though, Black Adam sets off an explosion that kills Barry, Hal, and other heroes.
Barry Allen was a playable character in the multiplayer battle arena game Infinite Crisis, voiced by Michael Rosenbaum.
Barry Allen appears a member of the Justice League in LEGO Batman 2: DC Super Heroes, voiced by Charlie Schlatter.
Barry Allen appears as a playable character in LEGO Batman 3: Beyond Gotham, with Charlie Schlatter reprising his role. He serves as one of the main story characters.
Barry Allen appears in Lego Dimensions, with the role reprised by Charlie Schlatter. In the quest "Brawls without Borders," the player helps Flash fight criminals in Metropolis and Gotham City.
Barry Allen is a playable character in Injustice: Gods Among Us, voiced by Neal McDonough.[84] He is seen at the beginning taking part in a battle against Lex Luthor and his villain allies. In the alternate reality, Flash is one of the heroes serving in Superman's Regime, although he has doubts about Superman's true intentions. After Superman kills Shazam when the latter questions his plan to destroy Metropolis and Gotham City to show humanity that he is 'needed', the Flash realizes that the heroes have officially gone too far and defects to Batman's Insurgency. After the original Superman deposes the Regime, Barry surrenders himself due to his previous alliance with the Regime, but is assured by Green Arrow that his help in their defeat will be mentioned at the Regime's trial. In Flash's ending, he defeats Superman but is still overcome with guilt for his actions with the Regime and goes into exile. To make amends, he retakes his superhero mantle and begins fighting crime relentlessly in Central City where he is referred to as "The Ghost".
Barry Allen returns as a playable character in Injustice 2, now with Taliesin Jaffe reprising his role from MK vs DC. In the story, Flash has been pardoned from prison in recognition of his aid in deposing Superman's regime, and now seeks to make amends for his time as a regime member. In his playable chapter, Flash single-handedly defends Metropolis from Brainiac's initial attack and briefly comes to blows with Hal Jordan, who is trying to atone for his misdeeds as a Regime partisan, much like Flash himself. The two put their differences aside and join Batman's Insurgency. After Brainiac is defeated, he sides with Batman on allowing Brainiac to live so the captured and lost cities could be restored. Flash attempts to stop an enraged Superman but is easily defeated. In his arcade mode ending, Flash throws Brainiac into the end of time and enters the Speed Force, where he is reunited with other speedsters. Together, they set out to stop a crisis that threatens multiple universes.
"Ballad of Barry Allen"—A song by the band Jim's Big Ego on their album, They're Everywhere. The song portrays Barry as a tragic character, whose perception of the world is so accelerated that all of reality appears to proceed at a snail's pace, causing him to gradually slip into depression. The band's frontman, Jim Infantino, is the nephew of Flash (Barry Allen) co-creator Carmine Infantino, who provided the cover art for the same album.
