Barry Allen has the ability to run at super-human velocities. He was at times during the Silver Age described as faster than the speed of thought. He is also the fastest man to ever live, even defeating Wally West with no strain even though West was at his fastest. Flash #150, "straining every muscle", he ran at ten times the speed of light.[48] However, when he pushed himself further (during the Crisis on Infinite Earths) he appeared to waste away as he was converted into pure energy, traveled back in time, and was revealed in Secret Origins Annual #2 to be the very bolt of lightning that gave him his powers.[49] This was later retconned in The Flash: Rebirth #1, where Barry stated that he "ran into the Speed Force", and that, "When he stopped the Anti-Monitor, when [he] ran into the 'Speed Force' and joined it, it was like shedding [his] identity."[18] Allen possesses abilities that original Flash Jay Garrick has not always been able to duplicate, and most notably the ability to "vibrate" in such a way as to pass through solid matter. Allen regularly engaged in time travel by using his Cosmic Treadmill device; however, on several occasions he has been able to time travel without using the Cosmic Treadmill.[41] His speed also allows him, in certain circumstances, to "vibrate" between dimensions. Barry is unique among Flashes and most characters in the DC Universe in that he has complete control over every molecule in his body.[50] In Grant Morrison's Final Crisis, using the Speed Force, Allen was able to undo the effects of the Anti-Life Equation upon an individual: an ability he used on his wife Iris to free her from the bondage of Darkseid's mind control.[16]Barry has also shown the ability to fly by creating mini vortexes.
Barry's speed has numerous secondary applications. He can use it to generate cyclones by spinning his arms quickly, and in some depictions he can even channel the electric energy generated by the Speed Force into arcs of lightning. Barry is also immune to telepathic attacks and control as he can shift his thoughts at a speed faster than normal thought. Through "speed-reading", he can absorb large amounts of information into his short-term memory, which remain in his mind just long enough for him to make use of it. Using this technique, Barry was able to learn enough about building work to rebuild a destroyed apartment building.[51] Other aspects of Barry's powers include an enhanced metabolism and faster-than-normal healing from injuries. In the New 52 Barry learned that his body is using the speed force to its full extent but his brain is not. With the help of Dr. Elias he was able to learn how to use the Speed Force to process more information, and make even quicker decisions, to the point where he feels like he can see everything before it happens.[52] In terms of DC's internal lexicon, Barry is classified as a metahuman: a human being who possesses extranormal abilities either through birth or (as in Barry's case) as the result of some external event.[53][54]. In The New 52 and DC Rebirth, Barry Allen is the fastest Flash.
