The first six series are set during the Second World War in Hastings, Sussex, England, where Detective Chief Superintendent Christopher Foyle (Michael Kitchen) attempts to catch criminals who are taking advantage of the confusion the war has created. He is assisted by his driver Samantha "Sam" Stewart (Honeysuckle Weeks) and Detective Sergeant Paul Milner (Anthony Howell). From Series 7, a retired Foyle is working for MI5, navigating the world of Cold War espionage.
Foyle, a widower, is quiet, methodical, sagacious, and scrupulously honest, yet he is frequently underestimated by his foes. Many of his cases concern profiteering, the black market, and murder. Foyle often comes up against high-ranking officials in the British military or intelligence services who would prefer that he mind his own business, but he is tenacious in seeking justice.
In a newspaper article and in his interview that accompanies the first series DVD set, Anthony Horowitz explained that he was seeking a name that evoked the early 1940s and thought of Foyles bookshop in London's Charing Cross Road, once known for its archaic practices and its owner Christina Foyle. Christopher was the nearest male name to Christina.
After Christina Foyle's death, control of Foyle's passed in 1999 to her nephew, who incidentally is named Christopher Foyle. Christopher Foyle was given a cameo in the episode "Bad Blood", though the scene was cut from the PBS airings in the US.[4][5][6][7][8][9]
The stories are largely self-contained. There are some running strands, mainly involving the career of Foyle's son Andrew (played by Julian Ovenden), a fighter pilot in the Royal Air Force, or Foyle's relationships with cameo characters.
Each episode runs for about 90 to 100 minutes, filling a two-hour time slot on ITV when commercials are included. To fit its PBS 90-minute time slot in the United States (originally part of the Mystery! series – now called Masterpiece Mystery), the episodes, particularly in Series 1–3, were shortened by several minutes each.[citation needed]
Acorn Media contracted Cre-a-TV, Inc. to repackage the entire Foyle's War programme into two-part episodes to run within PBS' allotted airtime. The episodes were fed via satellite to the public television system by former PBS affiliate KCET in Los Angeles, now an independent station, and public TV stations around the country started re-broadcasting the series in the fall of 2011. In this incarnation, each episode was aired in two parts, each in a one-hour time slot (usually separated by a week) – with each part running about 50 minutes. To fill in the time slot, the station aired excerpts of interviews of the series creator and some cast members (but notably, not Michael Kitchen), which were recorded starting in 2002.[citation needed]
After five series, the show was abruptly cancelled by Simon Shaps, who was ITV's director of programmes at the time.[10] This forced Horowitz to throw out scripts set during most of 1943 and 1944, resulting in time jumps of nine months to a year between episodes (whereas previous series had gaps of a month at most). In April 2008, the presumed final episode, "All Clear", during which the end of the war is announced, was broadcast. On 9 April 2008, ITV announced that it was in talks with Horowitz and Greenlit Productions to revive the series, continuing Foyle's adventures beyond VE Day,[1] and some media observers saw high viewing figures for the penultimate episode (28% audience share) on 13 April that year as strengthening the case for continuing.[11] At the time the audience figures for the final episode were released (28% and an average of 7.3 million), ITV confirmed that it had entered and was continuing "early discussions" with Horowitz and Greenlit.[2] These negotiations eventually led to the series being recommissioned for a further three series.[12]
Series six commenced filming in February 2009 and premiered on UK television 11 April 2010.[12][13]
Series seven was filmed in Ireland and London from late August 2012 to December 2012 and was broadcast on UK television in March and April 2013.[14]
Series eight comprised three two-hour episodes and aired in the UK in January 2015.[15]
