The Goddamn Parrot, whose real name is Mr. Big, is a gift from Morley Dotes and his nephew Spud, who claimed they gave it to Garrett to keep Dean from bringing in stray cats. Mr. Big, while not quite intelligent, has a vocabulary to make a sailor blush. He also has a knack for mimicking small children calling for help.
The Dead Man quickly discovered that he could use the bird from a distance—connecting to its sensory systems, and speaking through its mouth, thus enabling him to bug Garrett from miles away. At the end of Angry Lead Skies, Mr. Big is missing, presumed kidnapped by aliens, although he reappears at the end of Whispering Nickel Idols.
Besides calling him The Goddamn Parrot or "The Jungle Chicken," Garrett has been known to refer to Mr. Big as The G.D.P., or just T.G.P. Mr. Big first makes an appearance at the very end of Red Iron Nights.
Puddle and Sarge are two of Morley Dotes' henchmen. Former soldiers turned head-knockers, Puddle and Sarge are now middle-aged, fat, and out of shape. Mainly, they work the bar and serve the customers at the Joy House, but when Morley needs muscle for a fight, Puddle and Sarge can still get it done. In Angry Lead Skies, Sarge is revealed to have been both a field medic and a recruit-trainer during the war; when one of Morley's crew gets injured, it's Sarge who patches them up.
Puddle first appears in Bitter Gold Hearts. A previous henchman of Morley's, also called Sarge (a common nickname in war-torn, veteran-filled Karenta), dies in the same novel; the current Sarge first appears in Red Iron Nights.
Spud, whose real name is Narcisio, is Morley's nephew. He starts working at the Joy House after he gets to be too much for Morley's sister to handle. Like Morley, he is part dark elf, making him short, lithe, and handsome. Spud is a fair fighter, and he tags along with Morley, Puddle, and Sarge when muscle is needed.
Spud first appears in Red Iron Nights.
Dojango Roze is one of the Roze Triplets, born of different mothers. Dojango is about 5'6" tall, and seems to be of a mixed elvish breed, some distant relation of Morley Dotes. Although small, he is a fair fighter, and he is rather plucky. He has a minor speech impediment, always using the word "actually", and like his brothers, he has a drinking problem.
Dojango Roze first appears in Sweet Silver Blues.
Doris and Marsha are two of the Roze Triplets, born of different mothers. They are Grolls, a mixture of troll and giant, roughly 20 feet tall, with pale lime-green skin and wide, frog-like mouths. Their weapons of choice are enormous clubs, so large that only they can wield them. Names to the contrary, both are male.
Though they look simple, they are not dumb. They can initially speak only in trollish, although by their appearance in Angry Lead Skies they have managed to learn Karentine. Like their brother Dojango, they have trouble handling their alcohol.
Doris and Marsha first appear in Sweet Silver Blues.
Rose Tate, daughter of Willard Tate and cousin to Tinnie Tate, is a black-haired beauty, short but well-built. She is also cruel and self-serving, with a shrewish temperament. Garrett and Rose do not particularly get along, but Morley and Rose appear to have a tryst in Sweet Silver Blues.
Rose Tate first appears in Sweet Silver Blues.
Willard Tate is the patriarch of the Tate Shoe Company and a cobbler at the very peak of his trade. He is old and bent with the weight of years, but he has a powerful will and a shrewd business sense. The Tates, who tend to be short and claim a hint of elvish in their blood, are master craftsmen who have worked hard to become one of the wealthier families in TunFaire. The Tates, a very large, extended family, live in an enormous compound that is part home, part factory.
In Angry Lead Skies, Willard Tate helps fund a manufacturing project spearheaded by Garrett.
Willard Tate first appears in Sweet Silver Blues.
Maya Stump was an abandoned street child whom Garrett treated kindly. She became a member of the Sisters of Doom, a street gang made up exclusively of girls who were abused as children. In Cold Copper Tears, she was the Warchief of the Doom but was forced to resign from the gang when she used her influence to have the gang help Garrett during a case.
Garrett and Maya are good friends, and Maya is one of the few women that Dean approves of as a match for Garrett, although he is uncertain due to her age (about 19). Maya eventually broke off her and Garrett's relationship because Garrett was unwilling to commit to her. In Cruel Zinc Melodies, it is mentioned that Maya has settled down and gotten married.
Maya Stump first appears in Cold Copper Tears.
Max Weider is the owner of a vast brewing empire that supplies TunFaire with its best beer. Since the start of the series, Garrett has been on a permanent retainer by Max Weider, occasionally stopping by the brewery to make sure that no one steals funds or beer from the Weider enterprise. Max has suffered the loss of much of his family, and dotes on his surviving daughter, who performs at Max's recently constructed theater.
Max Weider is mentioned throughout the series, but he makes his first appearance in Faded Steel Heat.
Linda Lee is an attractive librarian and friend of Garrett's who works at the Royal Library. She is just over five feet tall, with brown hair and big brown eyes. Although there is some attraction between the two, Linda mainly just helps Garrett when he's in need of historical information.
Linda Lee first appears in Deadly Quicksilver Lies.
Glory Mooncalled is a general first for the Venageti army and then for the Karentine army, who eventually turns rogue and seeks to establish his own republic in the Cantard. The Dead Man is fascinated by Glory Mooncalled, and he often tries to predict Mooncalled's next move by playing wargames in his room using hordes of small bugs as markers for Mooncalled's forces.
Although Glory Mooncalled is referenced throughout the series, he only makes a brief appearance in Faded Steel Heat.
John Stretch, whose given name is Pound Humility, is Pular Singe's half-brother. Although he and Garrett start out on the wrong foot, John Stretch helps out Garrett in his later cases. John Stretch is a community leader of the rat people, and has the unique ability to get into the heads of ordinary rats, communicate with them, see and smell what they do, as well as possibly control them.
John Stretch first appears in Angry Lead Skies.
Mrs. Sofgienec Cardonlos is a police informant and Garrett's neighbor across Macunado Street. She was never legally married. Although she has never had an active role in any of the novels, she can often be seen leaning out her window, giving Garrett the evil eye. It is later revealed that she passes on reports about Garrett to the city watch.
