Garrett is the protagonist of the Garrett P.I. series, and as the series name would indicate, he is a private investigator.
Garrett—the only name he is known by (though his mother called him "Wart" as a boy[1])—is an ex-marine with a knack for figuring things out. He is described as handsome, 6'2" tall, with red hair and blue eyes. He is in his early to mid 30s and is physically fit but struggling to maintain his physique. Garrett spent five years in the marines before being discharged and allowed to return home to TunFaire, where he began his freelance investigative service.
Garrett avoids work as much as possible, trying to work just enough to make ends meet. At the beginning of the series, he is not very well off. However, he comes into some money at the end of Sweet Silver Blues which allows him to buy a house (with a room for the Dead Man) and hire a retainer (Dean). He initially has one constant source of income, a contract with Max Weider, who retains him to check on corruption at his breweries. Later (in Angry Lead Skies), he is given a small ownership share in Amalgated (for his efforts which lead to its formation).
Garrett has an affinity for beer. He is involved romantically with several women over the series, the most prominent being Tinnie Tate. He has a self-declared preference for redheads. However, he ends up seriously involved with the Windwalker Furious Tide of Light at the end of Gilded Latten Bones. Garrett's adventures often involve rescuing women from trouble, while avoiding getting killed. His conscience and inherent goodwill towards others often make his cases more difficult, as he does not believe in killing others unless they are truly evil.
Despite the fact that Garrett is consistently shown wearing a hat and long coat on the covers of most of the Garrett P.I. novels, within the novels he does not dress in this anachronistic fashion, and he very rarely wears any form of hat, even when it rains.
Morley is a half-dark-elf assassin and entrepreneur who owns his own restaurant and bar, originally called The Joy House but later renamed The Palms. Morley has a reputation as being the best street fighter in TunFaire, and he suffers none of the pangs of guilt that Garrett does when dealing with his opponents. He is vain and conceited, a dedicated vegetarian and health nut who constantly chases after women, married or otherwise. With his charm and exotic good looks, he usually gets them, yet he still claims that Garrett has an easier time attracting young ladies than he does.
Morley Dotes acts as a foil to Garrett in that killing does not bother him, as it does Garrett. In several of the novels, this difference is highlighted, not so much to shed light on or vilify Morley, but to expose Garrett's dark nobility.
Morley and Garrett, despite their differences, are best of friends. As the series progresses, we see their friendship grow even stronger, although neither one would readily admit it. As Morley matures, he seems to take more of a role managing his restaurant and less of a role in the world of crime, although he is always up for an adventure with Garrett when the time comes.
Morley Dotes first appears in Sweet Silver Blues.
"Saucerhead" Tharpe, given name Waldo, is a professional thug and bodyguard. He is a friend of Garrett and Morley, and his line of work lies somewhere between theirs—he will beat people up for money, but will not kill for hire. He is a bit slow of thought, but has a deeply ingrained sense of nobility, and once he accepts payment for a job he will see it through or die trying.
Physically, Saucerhead is a remarkably large and ugly human. He is much taller than Garrett's 6'2", incredibly strong, and almost impossible to kill. Though these qualities may imply a bit of ogre or giant blood in his background, Tharpe claims to be of pure human stock.
Although he is typically attracted to small, feisty women, late in the series he falls for Garrett's friend Winger.
Saucerhead Tharpe first appears in Sweet Silver Blues.
Garrett's partner, known only as the Dead Man, is a member of a very rare species called the Loghyr. About four hundred years before the events of Sweet Silver Blues, he was stuck with a knife and killed. However, the Loghyr spirit prevails long after death, so his minds (plural) are still functional, as are his formidable mental powers.
Within a certain range of his corpse, the Dead Man is telepathic and telekinetic. He is able to communicate through direct mind contact, as well as read and control the minds of unwilling subjects. He can lift physical objects up to the size of a small person, perhaps larger. The full extent of his powers is uncertain, and Garrett suspects he can do far more than he normally lets on.
The Dead Man is also a deductive genius, often helping Garrett solve cases, though he prefers to give limited advice and force Garrett to think for himself. He entertains himself by running military simulations, using "armies" of mind-controlled insects that go through maneuvers on the walls of his room.
The Dead Man's body weighs about four hundred and fifty pounds and spends all its time in an oversized chair in Garrett's house. He is a little ragged around the edges where the vermin have pecked at him, but Loghyr flesh corrupts extremely slowly. Despite being dead, he does have to "sleep" from time to time, apparently abandoning his body for weeks and even months at a time while he rebuilds his energy.
The Dead Man and Garrett are friends as well as business partners. Garrett has been known to refer to the Dead Man as Chuckles, Smiley, Old Bones, and His Nibs.
The Dead Man first appears in Sweet Silver Blues.
Dean Creech is Garrett's housekeeper and cook. Dean is elderly, around 70 years old, and he watches the house while Garrett is away. Dean dislikes cleaning the Dead Man's room, and is somewhat unnerved by the presence of the Dead Man in general. Dean is generally critical of Garrett's lady friends, with the exceptions of Tinnie Tate and Maya Stump, whom he adores.
Dean acts as a sort of loving but harsh wife/mother to Garrett. He cooks and cleans, but also snipes and grumbles about how much Garrett is or is not working, how he is eating, who he consorts with, or how late he sleeps in the morning. Dean hopes that Garrett will someday settle down with one of his many spinster nieces.
Dean first appears in Bitter Gold Hearts.
Tinnie Tate is Garrett's on-again off-again girlfriend. She is a short, fiery redhead in her mid 20's with long, straight hair, green eyes, a few freckles, and an attractive body. She lives in the Tate family compound with her cousin, Rose Tate, and her uncle, Willard Tate, among others. Her relationship with Garrett is often strained by Garrett's promiscuity, but when push comes to shove, Garrett and Tinnie truly love each other, and a marriage between the two is a distinct possibility, although neither one is ready for such a commitment just yet. Tinnie Tate first appears in Sweet Silver Blues.
In Cruel Zinc Melodies, Garrett introduces Tinnie as his fiancee (primarily to stop her from insulting an attractive sorcerer from the Hill who was showing an interest in Garrett), without talking it over with her first. Though Tinnie criticizes Garrett for this later, they avoid a discussion about it until the end of the book. At the beginning of the subsequent novel Gilded Latten Bones, Tinnie and Garrett have been living together some time without marrying. However, their relationship is strained because Garrett feels that Tinnie is excessively controlling his life. Subsequently, during the novel, they agree to have Tinnie's mind modified (by the Dead Man) to get rid of her obsession for control. However, their relationship goes through an informal breakup and the proposed modification is not carried out.
Playmate is a black man close to seven feet tall, though Garrett often exaggerates his height as closer to nine feet. He also has colored scars on his face. Despite his fierce appearance, he does not have a mean bone in his body. Playmate owns a stable close to Garrett's house, and he often provides horses and carriages to Garrett when he needs them. Garrett thinks Playmate would make an excellent preacher, but Playmate's dedication is to his stable, first and foremost.
Playmate first appears in Sweet Silver Blues.
Winger is a country bumpkin turned thug-for-hire. She is tall (roughly Garrett's height) and attractive, though strong and built like a brick outhouse. Garrett likens her to Saucerhead, but with better teeth and long blonde hair. Winger has a tendency to act before she thinks, and she has a penchant for schemes that get her and everyone around her into hot water. Her taste in clothing is atrocious, and she is something of a kleptomaniac. She has about as much of a conscience as Morley Dotes.
Garrett and Winger have a history together. Garrett is not entirely sure why he and Winger are friends, but they are, and he counts Winger as one of the few people who would rise up to defend him under any circumstances.
Winger first appears in Dread Brass Shadows.
Chodo Contague is the Kingpin of the Outfit, TunFaire's organized crime syndicate. He rose to the position following the assassination of the previous Kingpin, which came at the end of Sweet Silver Blues and was orchestrated by Morley Dotes.
Although he is about 60 years old and wheelchair-bound by an unspecified condition, Chodo is still a very menacing figure; there is a ruthlessness about him that makes even his henchmen seem kind by comparison. As head of the Outfit, he is one of the most powerful men in TunFaire.
Due to several of Garrett's actions in the first few novels of the series, Chodo feels that he owes him a number of favors. Being a mafia don, Chodo has his own personal sense of loyalty and respect, but at the same time, Chodo only favors Garrett as long as their goals coincide. At the end of Dread Brass Shadows, Chodo suffers a stroke that seemingly turns him into a vegetable. At the end of Whispering Nickel Idols, he is on the road to recovery.
Chodo Contague first appears in Bitter Gold Hearts.
Crask and Sadler are Chodo Contague's bodyguards and right hand men. They are cold, ruthless killers who follow Chodo's directions to the letter, and both are vicious fighters on a par with Saucerhead Tharpe and Morley Dotes. Although Crask and Sadler often team up with Garrett on raids and stakeouts, it is always an uneasy truce between the parties. Crask and Sadler would as soon kill Garrett as help him if Chodo Contague gave the order.
In Dread Brass Shadows, Crask and Sadler turn against Chodo Contague and, with the aid of Garrett and Winger, they attempt to assassinate him. When Chodo suffers a stroke, Crask and Sadler take over as heads of the Outfit, under the pretense that Chodo is still giving them orders. At the end of Red Iron Nights, Belinda Contague snatches power back from Crask and Sadler, and the two flee TunFaire.
Crask and Sadler first appear in Bitter Gold Hearts, and they die at the end of Faded Steel Heat.
Belinda Contague is the daughter of Chodo Contague. She has black hair, very pale skin, and prefers to wear all black clothing. Despite her choice of attire, she is very attractive.
Belinda suffers from conflicting emotions. Part of her wishes to be normal, so she could be carefree and spend time with Garrett, for whom she has a tender spot in her heart. However, for the most part, she is just as ruthless and cruel as her father. Although she confesses to Garrett often that she wishes she could get rid of this part of herself, she knows well enough that she never will.
Belinda Contague first appears in Red Iron Nights.
Westman Block is first the Captain, then Colonel of the city Watch. Unlike previous, corrupt heads of the Watch, Block is a true champion of law and order, and along with Deal Relway, he establishes the Guard, an offshoot of the Watch that governs the TunFaire secret police. Block can usually be found at the headquarters of the Watch, in the Al-Khar. By the time of Gilded Latten Bones he has become General of the renamed Civil Guard.
Westman Block and Garrett have a mutual respect for one another, although they are not necessarily friends. Block is often willing to overlook some of Garrett's more unseemly actions in exchange for his help in solving difficult crime cases plaguing TunFaire.
Westman Block first appears in Red Iron Nights.
Deal Relway, referred to simply as Relway, is a pioneer and advocate of a New Order, where law, order, and justice will reign supreme. He starts out working for the Watch and quickly works his way up to being the Director of the TunFaire secret police. By the later novels in the series, Garrett fears that Relway's influence is starting to approach that of Chodo Contague's, just on a different side of the law. The relationship between Relway and Garrett is tenuous, at best.
Relway is what is known in TunFaire as a "unique", meaning that his ancestry can be traced back to several different races of humanoid. He is short, ugly, and easily overlooked, particularly when in disguise.
Deal Relway first appears in Red Iron Nights.
Pular Singe is a ratgirl, renowned as being the best tracker in the city of TunFaire. She is incredibly smart for her species (making her a little smarter than the average human), speaking Karentine (though she has a problem with sibilants) and learning how to read and write. She has a voracious appetite and has a great fondness for stewed apples. She had a huge crush on Garrett, though it seems to have ended. Some ratpeople clans, hers included, list family name first, so her actual given name is Singe. Garrett, though he has no interest in Singe romantically, enjoys having her around, as she is a huge help in his cases and she constantly amazes Garrett with her ability to learn and mature. She lives in his house and maintains his accounts along with other duties.
Pular Singe first appears in Faded Steel Heat.
