As with many other stories of this type, the main character is a bit of a ladies man, and frequently loves the women he interacts with on his cases. Throughout the series, his list of girlfriends has added up to quite a few:
Kayean Kronk - Garrett's first love, rescued in book 1 although their relationship was long past
Tinnie Tate - Longtime on-and-off girlfriend, beginning in book 1 (Sweet Silver Blues), though it's not until book 3 (Cold Copper Tears) that the relationship becomes explicitly defined. Became engaged to Garrett in Cruel Zinc Melodies, but by Gilded Latten Bones they realize she's more obsessed than in love, and break up again.
Amiranda Crest - Only appearance in Bitter Gold Hearts - Killed after one night with Garrett.
Amber daPena - Only daughter of Stormwarden Raver Styx - Bitter Gold Hearts
Maya Stump - Introduced in Cold Copper Tears, but dumped Garrett by Red Iron Nights.
Eleanor - A sad encounter in Old Tin Sorrows, now memorialized in a painting Garrett keeps in his office.
Jennifer Stantnor - Only appearance in Old Tin Sorrows. Their relationship didn't work out.
Winger - A friend with benefits, introduced in Dread Brass Shadows.
Belinda Contague - Mentioned in Dread Brass Shadows, first appearance in Red Iron Nights. Probably Garrett's most dangerous lady, with the possible exception of the Windwalker.
Linda Lee Luther - First appearance in Deadly Quicksilver Lies. A librarian with access to reference books useful in several of Garrett's cases.
Dr. Chastity "Chaz" Blaine - Daughter of Firelord Fox Direheart, appears in Deadly Quicksilver Lies.
Lila & Dimna - Minor members of the Shayir pantheon, from Petty Pewter Gods. Nymphs who can take the form of owls when they're not pawing Garrett or their faun-like male counterpart.
Imara - Maternal goddess of the Godoroth pantheon, from Petty Pewter Gods. Didn't bother asking Garrett first.
Kittyjo Weider - Ex-girlfriend with emotional problems, appears briefly in Faded Steel Heat.
Katie Shaver - Staying over at Garrett's at the beginning of Angry Lead Skies. Unusual in that her involvement with him seems completely unrelated to his cases.
Evas, Fasfir & Woderact - Otherworldly Visitors whose culture had abandoned sexual reproduction, indulging in "research" while they had the chance (Angry Lead Skies).
Strafa Algarda, aka Furious Tide of Light - The Windwalker, Garrett's first sorceress girlfriend, and the first to fully win his heart since Kayean. First appears in Cruel Zinc Melodies; legally married to Garrett as of Wicked Bronze Ambition.
