Grissom was born as an only child to a middle-class family in Santa Monica, California. Grissom's father taught botany at a local college and passed his enthusiasm for natural sciences onto his son. His father died when Grissom was 9 years old. Grissom recalls the day his father died to Catherine Willows in the episode "Still Life", "He came home from school, one hot humid day, laid down on the couch. I was watching TV, my mom brought in some cold drinks, but she couldn't wake him up. No one would tell me why." Consequently, as a young child, Grissom played doctor by performing necropsies on small, deceased animals in the local area.
Gil's mother, Betty, who became deaf as a result of the genetic disorder Otosclerosis, was responsible for his love of books. As a result of his mother's deafness, Gil became fluent in American Sign Language in order to be able to communicate with her. In the earlier seasons of CSI, it becomes clear that Gil is also beginning to lose his hearing as well; however, after seeking medical treatment, the disease was prevented from developing.
Grissom earned his Bachelor of Science degree in biology magna cum laude from the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA), and his Ph.D. in Biology from the University of Chicago.[9] He became a forensic entomologist. In the episode "Grissom vs. the Volcano", Catherine tells the story of losing at a science competition as a child against a "kid with some lame red ants". Later in the episode Nick also reveals that he lost a science competition and Grissom tells him to let it go. In his childhood science competition, Grissom was the kid with the ants.
In the season two episode "Bully for You", he told Warrick that in high school, he was a "ghost" (meaning that he did not belong to any group in particular).[10] When he was in college, Grissom financed his first body farm with his winnings from a high-stakes poker game.[11] At the same time, he also attended boxing matches to learn about the patterns of bruise formations on bodies and eventual blood spatters from the injuries.
Grissom became a crime scene investigator around 1985 (Grissom mentioned in "Living Doll", which first aired on May 17, 2007, that he had been a crime scene investigator for 22 years). Grissom once mentioned losing a body while in Minneapolis, implying he spent time there before taking a job in Las Vegas.[12] This was mentioned again when he works with his former mentor, Dr. Phillip Gerard, played by Raymond J. Barry, stating that he used to work for him in Hennepin County, whose seat is Minneapolis.[13]
He became the night shift team supervisor for the Las Vegas CSI unit on the second episode of the series, after Jim Brass was demoted following the death of co-worker Holly Gribbs.[14] In season seven, Grissom took a sabbatical to teach a class at Williams College in Williamstown, Massachusetts for four weeks.[15] Prior to his sabbatical, Grissom had been showing signs of "burnout". Upon his return, however, he appeared reinvigorated and told Warrick Brown that he "missed" Las Vegas.[16] After the resignation of Sara Sidle, his fiancée, from the lab, and the murder of Warrick Brown, his burnout seemed to be resurfacing. This is particularly evident in "Say Uncle", where, at the end of the episode, he expressed deep regret over solving a particularly depressing case.
Grissom announced his retirement just as evidence comes to light that The Dick and Jane Killer, a serial killer from the 1990s currently serving two life sentences, did not act alone, and that his accomplice had begun killing again. Rather than leave in the middle of a case, Grissom stayed on to help solve it, and ultimately proved instrumental in saving the life of a woman who would have been the killer's latest victim. The case closed, Grissom, having already had a series of one-on-one farewells with his co-workers, silently left the crime lab and departed for Costa Rica for a reunion with fiancée Sara Sidle, an allusion perhaps to his comments in a season one episode that when he left, people would not throw a party for him because he was not the sort of person who people would get deeply involved with. He also says to Warrick in season two ("Ellie") that when he left there would not be a cake in the break room—he would just pick up and leave.
After reuniting with Sara Sidle, Grissom presumably remains in Costa Rica for a short time, before guest-lecturing at the Sorbonne, as noted in the tenth season. During the series' eleventh season, Grissom begins consulting for the Peruvian government on the etymology and physicality of the Inca. It is during this time that Sara and Grissom divorce, citing geographical differences. He later joins a group dedicated to protecting fish and wildlife in the Pacific, a role described as a "CSI at sea". After his activities lead him to the Port of San Diego, Grissom reunites with Willows and the CSI team in order to consult on a series of bombings in Las Vegas. During this case, he reconciles with Sidle, and the two sail off together in order to continue his work as a wildlife advocate.
