In the sixth-season episode "Bang-Bang," Grissom tells Doc Robbins, concerning a woman shot in the mouth, "This was someone who was emotionally close to her." Doc Robbins asks him if he has ever even been close to getting married. Grissom tells him about "Nicole Daley," who, like him, was interested in bugs. He goes on a bit about her, then says, "Second grade."
Grissom may not ask to take on the role of mentor, but it seems to happen naturally, going all the way back to Sara Sidle when they first met in San Francisco, then Nick Stokes and Greg Sanders in Vegas. Although he can be annoyed with his protégés at times, he is visibly proud when they succeed, as Greg did by passing his field test and becoming a CSI.[33] He is also protective of his staff and defends them as much as he can, as seen in episode 521 ("Rashomama") for example.
He also shares a good friendship with Dr. Al Robbins and the two were seen singing together in the autopsy room while processing the body of a murdered rock 'n' roll star (season 7, "Built to Kill, Part 2"). In the season six finale, it was revealed that Jim Brass's living will gave Grissom power of attorney, showing that Grissom was the one person Brass trusted with his life.[34] He has also been shown to be something of an inadvertent mentor-figure to David Hodges, who looks up to him and often seeks his advice or approval, despite not always receiving it. Upon learning of Grissom's plans to quit CSI, Hodges becomes visibly upset.
His relationship with Warrick Brown had aspects of a mentor/student bond, but out of all the CSIs (Catherine included), Grissom seemed to view Warrick as his successor, the one who would lead when he was gone.[35] Grissom found Warrick after he was shot by McKeen and held Warrick as he died in his arms.
Some fans have always expected to see a relationship between Grissom and Catherine Willows, in whom he is shown confiding many times, once even likening her to being his "wife".[36] The two were never more than very good friends, as the show's producers see them as more of brother and sister than lovers.[37] Catherine has many times encouraged Grissom to be more open and less self-absorbed,[25] and to pursue something with Sara Sidle.[38]
Grissom has been allegedly involved with forensic anthropologist Teri Miller[39] and with S&M parlor operator Lady Heather, whose "safeword" it has been suggested that he knows[40] - however, as all he says is "Heather, stop!" and "I'm saying Stop", he evidently does not use it, as "Stop" is never a "safeword". Rather, this is a reference to the episode Lady Heather's Box, in which she reminds Grissom that the submissive is in control; Grissom tells her when they begin kissing, "You can always say stop," and she replies, "So can you."
Since the first season, there were hints that both Sara Sidle and Grissom were interested in each other romantically. In fact, the show's creators made Sara Sidle while thinking of a future love interest for Grissom,[41][42] but during the show's first three seasons, Grissom flirted with all the female characters, and when Sara asked him out to dinner, he rejected her, claiming that he did not know what to do about what is going on between them.[29][43]
In season four, Grissom's true feelings are revealed in "Butterflied", an episode that centers entirely around him discovering his sentiments for Sara. It was then that he admitted not being able to risk his career to be with her.[44] In season four, Sara apparently develops a drinking problem, which Grissom acknowledges on the season finale; after this, they would hardly see each other, and Grissom becomes interested in detective Sofia Curtis.
In mid-season five, Sara is suspended for insubordination and she reveals to Grissom her tormented childhood. He refuses to fire her and has her working in every case of the next two seasons with him.[45]
It was not until the sixth season finale that it is revealed that Grissom and Sara have worked through whatever issues they had, and are, in fact, a couple, and have been for two years.[34] This revelation caused mixed reviews among critics, some of them see this relationship as CSI "jumping the shark", an attempt to include more drama and romance to the show, so as to be able to compete with the medical drama Grey's Anatomy, which airs at around the same time.[46][47] By killing off the sexual tension between the two characters and making them an item, the production crew were seen to be adding more personal drama to the show, increasing the appeal to some of Grey's Anatomy's younger audience.[46][48][49] This has been denied by the writers, Carol Mendelsohn even said that she has never been able to see Grissom with someone else other than Sara and that this episode was seen by the writers as the right time to reveal the relationship, Jorja Fox and William Petersen have also admitted that the relationship is not new.[50][51]
Throughout season seven, the audience sees Grissom and Sara as a couple,[52][53] but the relationship is kept secret from the others in the lab until Sara's abduction by The Miniature Killer in the season finale when Grissom unwittingly refers to his feelings for Sara.[54] During season eight, they have become engaged.[55] When Jorja Fox decided to leave the show,[56] both she and the writers decided not to kill the character, so as to leave the doors open for a possible comeback.[57] Consequently, Sara Sidle is submerged into depression after her kidnap in the season seven finale, and, even though she accepts Grissom's marriage proposal on the season's fourth episode, she shows signs of burnout during the subsequent episodes, breaking down on the season's seventh episode, leaving Las Vegas and the CSIs with only a goodbye letter for Grissom and a good luck note for Ronnie Lake. In the letter she claims that ever since her father's death she has been dealing with "ghosts" and that she now needs to go away and deal with them before self-destructing.[58]
After Grissom leaves CSI, he goes to Costa Rica, in hopes of finding Sara. Once they see each other, they embrace in a passionate kiss, and Sara's return to CSI in the first episode of season ten reveals that she and Grissom are now married. In "Forget Me Not", Sara reveals "he's not my husband anymore" as she and Grissom had split up. According to her, he was the one to propose an end to the relationship, saying that it was in her best interest. However, in the series finale, Gil and Sara reunite. They sail off together in the final scene of the series.
