In the United Kingdom, the show was shown on Sundays at 7.45pm nationally on the ITV Network for most of its run, though was later subject to regional variations. It was subsequently shown on Sky One, Granada Plus, The Family Channel, and Alibi.
In Norway, the show was shown on NRK as "Par i Hjerter" ("Pair of Hearts").
In Sweden, the show was shown on SVT as "Par i Hjärter" ("Pair of Hearts"); the first time in 1983.
In Denmark, the show was shown on TV3 as "Par i Hjerter" ("Pair of Hearts").
In France, the show was shown on TF1 as "Pour l'amour du risque" ("For The Love Of Risk"). It has been shown on Direct 8 since 2012.
In Germany and Austria the show was shown on ARD, ORF and later with all episodes on ProSieben, Kabel eins, Das Vierte, ZDFneo and TNT Serie Via Sky Deutschland as "Hart aber herzlich", which translates to "Hard but hearty" or "Tough but hearty" and thus mimicked the original pun. The movies were shown on ProSieben.
In Ireland, the show was shown on RTÉ One.
In Israel, the show was shown on Channel 1 as "Hart ve'Ishto" ("Hart and his wife").
In Italy the show was first shown on Rai 2 television beginning from June 1981, and then re-run many times. The new Italian title is "Cuore e batticuore", which translates to "Heart and heartbeat". Since June 2007 the show is aired on La7 television with the original title. Since June 2010 on CIELO TV channel.
In Spain, the show was shown on TVE-1 between 1982 and 1987, and then later on Antena 3 and Telecinco; as "Hart y Hart" (Hart & Hart).
In Brazil, the show was shown on Rede Globo with the title "Casal 20," which translates roughly into English as "Couple 20," meaning a perfect couple, one where both have perfect marks (i.e., twice 10, as 10 is the highest mark a very good student can obtain in most Brazilian schools). The expression was introduced into popular language at that time by the show, and over three decades later, it is still current in Brazilian Portuguese.
In Costa Rica, the show was shown on Teletica Canal 7.
In Serbia, the show was shown on TV Palma.
In Kenya, the show was shown on Voice of Kenya (VOK) TV now KBC TV.
In the Netherlands, the show was shown on TROS as "Harten Twee" ("Two of Hearts").
In Greece, the show was shown on ERT2 as "Hart ké Hart" ("Hart and Hart"), subsequently on ANT1 and finally on the regional Makedonia Channel.
In Mexico, the show was shown on Televisa as "Los Hart, investigadores" ("Hart, detectives").
In Japan, the show was shown on TBS as "Tantei Hart and Hart".
In Australia, the show was first broadcast by the Nine Network throughout its original run. In the 21st century it has been repeated on 7Two.
In Turkey, the show was shown on TRT1 as "Tehlike Çemberi" ("Wheel of Danger").
In Romania it was shown during the afternoon time slot in the mid 2000s on Antena 1
