Horatio Caine formerly worked in New York City as a detective with the NYPD, before moving to Miami where he worked as a detective lieutenant with the MDPD. He killed the man who murdered his mother; his own father. In 1995, while on the job, he was stabbed while investigating a case in which children were locked in closets while their parents were murdered. The perpetrator, Walter Resden, harbored a grudge against Caine, collecting the blood from the stabbing and preserving it for 10 years in order to frame him for the murder of Caine's girlfriend, Rachel Turner.
After his arrival in Florida, Caine joined the Miami-Dade Police as a homicide detective but later transferred to the bomb squad, where he was mentored by Al Humphries, an older cop whom Caine highly respected and considered a good friend; Humphries was later killed after accidentally triggering a bomb he was attempting to disarm. Caine worked undercover as "John Walden" in Pensacola, Florida for sometime during the early 1990s (this is the date given on the show, despite the fact it was previously understood on the show that he worked in New York until at least 1995). During his time there, he dated a woman he believed to be named Julia Eberlie, and the two conceived a son named Kyle. Caine would not be aware of Kyle's existence for another 16 years. Sometime later he returned to Miami and to being a detective, in "Out of Time" he references previously working on the bomb squad. Finally, Caine moved to the crime lab, accepting a promotion to lieutenant, which earned him the animosity of Sergeant Rick Stetler, who was also vying for the position. When veteran CSI Megan Donner went on personal leave following the death of her husband, Horatio became the permanent head of the lab. In early seasons, Horatio frequently confirms his dedication to the job with the catchphrase "We Never Close", an homage to Pinkerton Agency. Caine is known for wearing sunglasses (known by fans as the 'Shades of Justice'); one of his trademarks is to put them on prior to making a dramatic remark. In season 8, we learn that this style of sunglasses were originally a gift from Eric Delko in 1997.
Horatio was deeply in love with Yelina Salas, his brother Raymond's wife. In season 3 episode 24, she went to Rio with her husband and her son. In season 4, Horatio began a romantic relationship with Marisol Delko (Eric's sister), who looked like Yelina, his impossible love. Later, Horatio and Marisol got married and she was killed by the end of season 4.
In the season nine finale, Caine is shot down by Randy North, the unwilling accomplice of convicted felon Jack Toller, who also kidnaps Caine's co-worker Natalia Boa Vista and puts her in the trunk of a car. North closes the trunk with Natalia inside and pushes it off the pier. After North pushes the car away, the wounded Caine attempts to shoot North, but is unsuccessful. Caine, unable to stand, attempts to stop the car with Natalia inside. Natalia uses her cell phone to call for help, but nobody answers as water drips over her. In the tenth-season premiere, Caine begins to have hallucinations of Marisol, his late wife. She saying she is glad to see him but he needs to go back. He is next shown back at the dock where he was shot, managing to get himself back up to his feet. Still bleeding from his gunshot wound, he jumps into the water to save Natalia, managing to free her from the car. As they are rushed to the hospital, he repeatedly calls Marisol's name. Against doctor's advice, and still visibly in pain, he leaves the hospital to work on the case. He and the team manage to find North, and they try to get him to tell them where Toller is. Despite setting him up, Toller slips through his fingers once at a rail yard, but Walter discovers that the chemicals in the soot from Toller's old clothes could only have come from trash burned at a particular landfill. Horatio manages to find and capture Toller there after he very nearly sets another woman on fire. After leading Toller back to jail, Horatio finally concedes that he is not all right and agrees to get checked out.
