Inspector Lestrade[7] is a logic puzzle game online through Everett Kaser Software.
Lestrade is briefly mentioned in The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen, Volume I.
Lestrade is a recurring character in the Moonstone Books versions of Sherlock Holmes adventures. His "We're proud of you" speech is adapted for a scene in Holmes' birthday in "Return of the Devil".
In the TV show Sherlock Holmes in the 22nd Century one of the main characters was Inspector Beth Lestrade, a descendant who is quite efficient in her own way and has inherited Doctor Watson's diaries.
A search engine, the Inspector Lestrade, is used by MacIntosh, a "fast, lightweight meta searcher."[8]
"The Inspector Lestrade Award" is a rising term among message boards for a person who is "almost correct." It has shown up on zdnet and "Bad Astronomy and the Universe Today" forum[9]
The Peterson Pipes company has a Sherlock Holmes (Return) Series of handmade pipes with silverwork. Two Lestrade pipes are in the collection.[10]
He appears in the book series The Boy Sherlock Holmes as the son of a ferret-faced inspector by the same name who dislikes Sherlock greatly.
In the novel The Canary Trainer, Sherlock Holmes uses "Inspector Lestrade" as an alias while investigating the phantom of the Paris Opera while incognito.
Holmes also used the alias Inspector Lestrade in the pastiche, The Counterfeit Detective by Stuart Douglas.
Lestrade appears as a Non-player character in the Sherlock computer adventure game.
A young female pickpocket based on Lestrade, her first name being "Gina", appears in the Ace Attorney spin-off, Dai Gyakuten Saiban: Naruhodō Ryūnosuke no Bōken. She appears as a witness in the game's third case, and as a defendant falsely accused of murder and stabbing Sherlock Holmes in the game's fifth case. She joins the police force as a trainee and dubs herself "Inspector Lestrade" in the game's sequel, Dai Gyakuten Saiban 2: Naruhodō Ryūnosuke no Kakugo.
In the otome dating game and phone app "Guard Me, Sherlock!", Lestrade appears as "George" Lestrade, who is an inspector in the apparently "useless" Scotland Yard. Currently, there is no story route for George Lestrade, but appears in other characters' routes as a secondary character.
