Lestrade is somewhat difficult to pin down as a character. His impatience with Holmes clashes with his kindness to clients, and his level of education appears limited. Despite being described uncharitably by Dr. Watson, Lestrade is pleasant to him, even implying to Watson in a comic way that he doubts Holmes' sanity in "The Adventure of the Noble Bachelor". He uses basic working-class language without embellishments and occasionally archaic words such as "shivered" for "smashed" ("The Adventure of the Six Napoleons") and described his reaction to a nauseating act of murder as "sickish". He describes himself as being "no chicken" for "not young". ("A Study in Scarlet"). His greatest compliment to Holmes' methods was to describe them as "workmanlike". Although he does place a high value in first-hand detecting, Lestrade is not uneducated. He is fluent in shorthand, dresses well, and his language is predominantly free of street-slang and 'coarse' talk—his only linguistic failing is the aforementioned archaic speech which is more indicative of a rural origin (The Metropolitan Police preferred to recruit the country men as opposed to the London-born.[3]) He has (presumably by reputation) gained the trust of the public enough that he is brought in to a case involving a major landowner of Herefordshire ("The Boscombe Valley Mystery").
Despite a French surname (Lestrade is the name of a village in the Midi-Pyrénées and "l'estrade" means "the raised platform"), he shows no overt French ties. Conan Doyle wrote him as a very particular dresser, who nevertheless will get muddy in the line of work. He prefers to get out and find his evidence in person rather than solve crimes in his head. He closely resembles another Yarder, Peter Jones, whom Holmes describes as "an absolute imbecile" but "tenacious as a lobster" in "The Red-Headed League". His appearance and style very much contrast with Tobias Gregson which visually increases their rivalry. The two were never paired up in the Canon after A Study in Scarlet.
Lestrade is unique in that he works with Holmes throughout most the spectrum of the Canon, from the first adventure to one of the latest, "The Adventure of the Three Garridebs". His character is the only one to appreciably grow and adapt with his exposure to Holmes. By the same token, Lestrade is one of the few people besides Dr. Watson who is capable of moving Holmes on an emotional level in "The Adventure of the Six Napoleons".
