The author M. J. Trow wrote a series of sixteen books using Lestrade as the central character, beginning with The Adventures of Inspector Lestrade in 1985. In these stories, Trow shows Lestrade to be a more than capable detective. He is given a first name, "Sholto", a young daughter whom he seldom sees, and a series of adventures set against a historical backdrop. In one book Lestrade meets G. K. Chesterton and in another he suffers a broken leg in a fall from the gangplank of the RMS Titanic.
Lestrade's lack of ability is frequently exaggerated in adaptations, which often characterise him as a bumbling idiot. Notably, Dennis Hoey played Lestrade in most of the Sherlock Holmes films from Universal Pictures starring Basil Rathbone as Holmes. This version had the Yard man as a well-meaning fool patronised by the detective, whose help he greatly appreciated, rather in the manner of that series' version of Doctor Watson (Nigel Bruce). Lestrade is nonetheless a capable officer, and Holmes never questions his honesty or his willingness to solve a case. In the book Sherlock Holmes: The Man and His World by H.R.F. Keating, Keating notes that despite Holmes' accusations of his lack of observational skills, he knows Holmes craves the outré and uses this to collect his interest in the case of "The Adventure of the Six Napoleons".[4]
Colin Jeavons played Lestrade throughout the Granada Television adaptation of the Sherlock Holmes stories, starting with "The Adventure of the Norwood Builder" in The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes. The character was portrayed as a capable, if slightly vain, career policeman with a prickly but ultimately affectionate relationship with Holmes – as evidenced in the dramatisation of the aforementioned "We're proud of you" scene. So familiar did Jeavons become in the part that when he was unavailable for "The Adventure of the Bruce-Partington Plans", Lestrade was replaced by another of ACD's Yarders, Inspector Bradstreet. Lestrade's absence was explained as having gone to the Leamington Baths on vacation, and Holmes fumes that he hopes his wife was with him. This is an embellishment on canon, as Lestrade was never shown to be married or attached. In other episodes, Jeavons was given parts originally belonging to other detectives, such as "The Adventure of the Creeping Man" and extra scenes in "The Master Blackmailer" (their version of "The Adventure of Charles Augustus Milverton"). Lestrade was even mentioned off-screen in the scripts, emphasising his close relationship with 221B Baker Street. Jeavons' portrayal is considered the most faithful to the Canon. In Starring Sherlock Holmes (page 155), David Stuart Davies wrote, "Lestrade was played with great panache throughout the Granada series by Colin Jeavons, who humanised and enhanced Doyle's sketchy portrait of the Inspector." Unusually, in this series, Lestrade's name was pronounced with a long a sound, rhyming with "trade," as opposed to the usual practice in screen or audio adaptations of using the French pronunciation.
John Colicos played both Lestrade and Professor Moriarty at the same time in 1989 TV role of My Dearest Watson. Colicos and Colin Jeavons are so far the only actors to play both the policeman and the villain.
Dennis Hoey played Lestrade in six of the Universal Sherlock Holmes films starring Basil Rathbone.
Archie Duncan played Lestrade in the 1954–55 Sheldon Reynolds French-made series Sherlock Holmes.
Patrick Newell played him in the 1980 Sheldon Reynolds Sherlock Holmes and Doctor Watson series made in Poland. This had Geoffrey Whitehead as Holmes and Donald Pickering as Watson.
Borislav Brondukov played him in all five films of the Soviet series Adventures of Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson starring Vasily Livanov.
Frank Finlay played him twice, in A Study in Terror and Murder by Decree, both focusing on non-canon stories with Holmes investigating the Jack the Ripper murders.
Roger Ashton-Griffths played Lestrade in Young Sherlock Holmes (1985); his taking credit for solving the mystery earns him a promotion from Detective to Inspector.
Jeffrey Jones played Lestrade in Without a Clue
Kenaway Baker made a brief appearance as Lestrade in Incident at Victoria Falls
Lestrade was played by two different actors in the 1960s BBC series Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's Sherlock Holmes: Peter Madden opposite Douglas Wilmer as Holmes in six episodes of the first series in 1965, and William Lucas opposite Peter Cushing as Holmes in one episode of the second series in 1968.
Ronald Lacey played Lestrade in the 1983 film The Hound of the Baskervilles, starring Ian Richardson as Holmes. (Lacey would later play the Sholto Brothers in the Granada television production of The Sign of the Four with Jeremy Brett as Holmes.)
Donald Gee played Inspector Giles Lestrade throughout most of the entire BBC Radio canon opposite Clive Merrison's Holmes beginning with the November 1989 broadcast of A Study in Scarlet and ending with the October 13th 1993 broadcast of "The Second Stain". Stephen Thorne took over the role beginning with the January 12th 1994 broadcast of "The Cardboard Box" and ending in the March 29th 1995 broadcast of "The Retired Colourman"; he returned to the role in the BBC Radio series The Further Adventures of Sherlock Holmes June 15, 2004 broadcast of "The Striking Success of Miss Franny Blossom", the January 2nd 2009 broadcast of "The Eye of Horus" and the January 16th 2009 broadcast of "The Ferrers Documents".
Eddie Marsan plays him in Guy Ritchie's Warner Bros. adaptation Sherlock Holmes, alongside Robert Downey, Jr. and Jude Law (2009). This incarnation of Lestrade expresses a high level of irritation for Holmes, who in turn regards him with affectionate mockery. Lestrade nevertheless depends on Holmes, calling him to crime scenes and even allowing a fugitive Holmes to escape police custody. He briefly reprised the role in the 2011 sequel Sherlock Holmes: A Game of Shadows.
William Huw portrays Lestrade in the 2010 direct-to-DVD Asylum film Sherlock Holmes. In this film, Lestrade does not seem to recognise Watson (Gareth David Lloyd), and often takes credit for Holmes's accomplishments. He becomes involved in the chase of a criminal mastermind dubbed "Spring-Heeled Jack", who uses several mechanical creatures to commit crimes across London.
In the 2010 BBC TV series Sherlock, Detective Inspector Greg Lestrade is played by Rupert Graves. In this series set in contemporary London, Lestrade is depicted as a competent detective who uses Sherlock Holmes as a consultant on difficult cases. The two characters seem to have a complex working relationship. Some of Lestrade's officers are openly hostile to Sherlock and protest his involvement with cases; Lestrade himself oscillates between respect for Sherlock's intellectual abilities and annoyance with his callousness (for example, Sherlock never bothering to learn his first name). Both are not above doing 'petty' things to annoy each other (Lestrade carrying out a fake drugs bust on Sherlock's room to retrieve a piece of evidence; Sherlock repeatedly stealing Lestrade's warrant card). Lestrade's underlying respect and overall faith in Sherlock are probably best demonstrated in his stated opinion that "Sherlock Holmes is a great man, and some day, if we're very very lucky, he might even be a good one." This incarnation of Lestrade also interacted with Sherlock and John socially on at least one occasion and in "The Reichenbach Fall" he was visibly disturbed at the thought of issuing an arrest warrant for Sherlock. Lestrade was also marked as one of Sherlock's three friends by Jim Moriarty. It is notable that, while many of the characters, when learning that Sherlock faked his death, react with anger (John Watson) or utter shock (Mrs. Hudson), Lestrade's first response (after playfully addressing him as "you bastard") is to happily hug the detective.
James Fleet portrayed Lestrade as the lead character in the BBC Radio 4 drama series called The Rivals in 2011. Each episode had Lestrade team up with a different fictional Victorian detective, Sherlock Holmes' "Rivals" in the field. The series returned in 2013, but the role of Lestrade was recast and played by Tim Pigott-Smith due to James Fleet's non-availability. Fleet returned to play Lestrade when The Rivals was renewed for a third series in 2015.
Sean Pertwee plays Lestrade in the season two premiere of Elementary,[5] where his first name is given as Gareth. His character recurs later in the season, as well.
Mikhail Boyarsky played the role of Inspector Lestrade in the Russian TV adaptation, Sherlock Holmes.
In the 2014 NHK puppetry series Sherlock Holmes, Lestrade is a tall, slender, and earnest blond schoolboy with the atmosphere of mod who lives in Cooper house of Beeton School. He often solves a trouble with Holmes for he is a member of life guidance committee. Though he and Holmes trust each other, Grimesby Roylott, who is in charge of the committee hates Holmes. In some cases, he requests Holmes to solve troubles. He is voiced by Daisuke Kishio.[6] In the episode 6 of the series, he tells Holmes and Watson that his given name is Gordon.
