Jessica's ancestors hailed from Kilcleer, County Cork, Ireland. She has two brothers and two sisters. Her brothers are Marshall, a doctor, and Martin. Jessica's maiden name was MacGill, inspired by Angela Lansbury's mother's real maiden name. Before she met and married Frank Fletcher, Jessica was studying at Harrison College in Green Falls, New Hampshire, to become a journalist. In the episode "Alma Murder", she mentions being a member of Delta Alpha Chi sorority.
Fletcher lives at 698 Candlewood Lane in the town of Cabot Cove, Maine 03041. While teaching criminology at Manhattan University, she stays in Manhattan at the Penfield House Apartments, 941 West 61st St. Cabot Cove is a town of 3,560 inhabitants near the ocean. Based on the number of murders that occur in a given season of the series, the town seems to have probably one of the highest murder ratios of any town or city. This has even been remarked in the series by the town sheriff, Mort Metzger. He noted in season 5, episode 21 ("Mirror Mirror On the Wall, Part 1") that this was his fifth murder in one year. Given the population of the town to be about 3,000 this is a fairly high murder rate. Given the murder rate in this town, it has about the same murder rate of a town 20 times its size. This trend was noted and parodied many times.
Her travels as an author very frequently take her to places around much of the English-speaking world, which gives her writers a little more ability to stretch the character and her situations than rural New England alone would have provided. One of them takes her to Hawaii, where she shares a case with private detective (private investigator) Thomas Magnum, star of Magnum, P.I..
Fletcher was widowed from her beloved husband, Frank. They had no children – Fletcher stating that she and Frank just "weren't blessed that way" – but had a seemingly endless collection of nephews, nieces, cousins, in-laws and other relatives or friends who always need her help. Especially prone to get into trouble is her nephew Grady Fletcher, who was raised for a period of time by Jessica and Frank. Grady always seemed to meet the wrong girl, until he finally married Donna several seasons into the show.
It is established early on in the series, that Jessica cannot drive. This was written into the programme after it was revealed that Lansbury had no license.
