According to Ian Rankin, John Rebus was born in 1947 and grew up in a pre-fabricated house in Craigmead Terrace, Cardenden, Fife (Rankin's home town),[1][2] the son of a stage hypnotist. His grandfather was an immigrant from Poland. He grew up in a terraced house along with his brother, Michael. He left school at the age of fifteen and joined the Army, one of the few mainstream career options open to young men of the area, the others being coal-mining or working at Rosyth Dockyard, whilst his brother followed in their father's footsteps. After serving in Northern Ireland during The Troubles, he applied to undergo selection for the SAS. After passing selection – where Rebus excelled – he and a colleague were selected for further training for a secretive elite programme, training which eventually prompted Rebus to resign from the SAS and which spurred a nervous breakdown. Following lobbying from the Army, Rebus was given a position with Lothian and Borders Police in order to recover from the trauma. He went to Summerhall as a detective constable in November 1982 [3] In many of his books Rebus works from the St Leonard's Police Station in Edinburgh.[4]
Ian Rankin prefers to leave the physical appearance of his characters to the reader's imagination, although when Rebus is first introduced in Knots and Crosses, we learn that he has brown hair and green eyes, like his brother. His rough lifestyle means that his clothes are often less than immaculate. He has been severely burned, was in a car crash and suffered from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in retirement.[2] Rebus has said "I don't believe in heaven" although he has also confessed to a priest.[2] He was married, but divorced sometime in the 1980s. His ex-wife, Rhona, and his daughter, Samantha, appear frequently in the novels. Since the series takes place in real time, Samantha grows from a child to a young woman.
In Knots and Crosses, Rebus is a Detective Sergeant, but is promoted to Detective Inspector sometime before the start of Hide and Seek, four years later. He has not been promoted since, although he has turned down a promotion on at least one occasion. His advancing years and retirement mean that he is unlikely to receive another chance.
Rebus is for the most part apolitical – in Strip Jack it is revealed that he has only voted three times in his adult life, once for Labour, once for the Conservatives and once for the SNP.[2] His general ambivalence towards politics is tempered by a dislike of sectarianism, resulting from his experiences as a soldier in Northern Ireland. He also reveals that he abstained on the Scottish devolution referendum in 1979 with suggested occasional guilt pangs when he later befriends an independence advocate. He voted against independence in the 2014 Scottish Independence referendum.[2] Many plots feature nascent political independence or devolution as backdrop with reference and settings including Scottish parliament.
Rebus can be said to belong to a long tradition of paternal Scottish hard men. A natural leader whose gruff exterior and fierce will to succeed in his field belies a benevolent nature. The character owes as much to the likes of Jock Stein and Bill Shankly as it does to a more obvious relation, Jim Taggart. The post-war upbringing on a Scottish housing scheme amidst the decline of heavy industry, a fondness for alcohol, an identification with those who struggle against adversity, a distrust of authority, stubbornness[4] and an intimidating personal manner. He sees things in black and white and classifies people as either good or bad. For example in Dead Souls he outs a convicted paedophile who has been released after serving time and is trying to reform. The paedophile dies and Rebus shows little remorse.[2] He has a strong love for books and music, owns a extensive record collection and drives a Saab 900. Rebus is a smoker and heavy drinker and often orders a pint of beer and a whisky. The traits that keep him strong are also the traits that drive those closest to him away. It is the pervasive image of Rebus as the noble loner that wins the sympathy of readers.
Rebus does have a string of romantic liaisons, but apart from his marriage to Rhona none last very long.[2] He has been linked with DI Gill Templer. He has a strong platonic relationship with his understudy and protégée, Detective Inspector Siobhan Clarke. His longest relationship has been with Patience Aitken which spanned several novels. Either his relationships are improper and unsuitable – with women personally linked to the cases Rebus is working on, or else they find that Rebus is 'married' to his job, and cannot be fully committed to a relationship.
In an Independent on Sunday interview Rankin said that he drew "some of his inspiration" for the character from the “sixth Stone”, Ian Stewart.[5] Three of the Inspector Rebus novels are named after Stones albums: Black and Blue, Let It Bleed and Beggars Banquet.[6]
