The series was set in the New York City Police Department's Eleventh Precinct (the building shown was actually Ninth Precinct),[4] Manhattan South Patrol Borough.[5] The show revolved around the efforts of the tough and incorruptible Lieutenant Theofilides ("Theo") Kojak (Telly Savalas), a bald, dapper, New York City policeman, who was fond of Tootsie Roll Pops and of using the catchphrases, "Who loves ya, baby?" and "Cootchie-coo!" Kojak was stubborn and tenacious in his investigation of crimes—and also displayed a dark, cynical wit, along with a tendency to bend the rules if it brought a criminal to justice. He frequently ribbed his subordinates, especially the rotund Stavros, whom he referred to as "Fatso". Foot chase scenes involving Stavros also brought on the same type of physical humor. However, Kojak was especially abusive toward criminals, often stretching the truth, one of whom Kojak said he witnessed them do something he did not actually witness (setting a bomb), to get them to talk. Kojak was so abusive, Mad Magazine carried a TV satire titled, "Kojerk".[6] In the context of the script, Kojak's was seen as typical squad room humor, which would be picked up later in the TV drama Hill Street Blues. Savalas described Kojak as a "basically honest character, tough but with feelings—the kind of guy who might kick a hooker in the tail if he had to, but they'd understand each other because maybe they grew up on the same kind of block."[7] Kojak's Greek American heritage, shared by actor Savalas, was featured prominently in the series.
In the early episodes of the series, Kojak is often seen smoking cigarettes. Following the 1964 Surgeon General's Report on smoking, cigarette commercials were banned from American television in 1971, and trying to quit smoking became common in the 1970s. To cut down on his own habit, Kojak began using lollipops as a substitute. The lollipop made its debut in the Season 1 episode "Dark Sunday", broadcast on December 12, 1973; Kojak lights a cigarette as he begins questioning a witness, but thinks better of it and sticks a lollipop (specifically, a Tootsie Pop) in his mouth instead. Later in the episode, Kevin Dobson's character Crocker asks about the lollipop and Kojak replies, "I'm looking to close the generation gap." Although Kojak continued to smoke, as he was frequently seen lighting a cigarillo, the lollipop eventually became his identifying characteristic; in fact, when the series debuted a new opening montage in season five, Kojak is seen both lighting a cigarillo and popping a lollipop into his mouth.
His longtime supervisor was Capt. Frank McNeil (Dan Frazer). Later in the series, McNeil was promoted to Chief of Detectives in Manhattan. Kojak is the commander of the Manhattan South Precinct's detective squad. His squad includes one of his favorite employees: young plainclothes officer, Det. Bobby Crocker (Kevin Dobson). Detective Stavros (played by Telly's real-life brother George Savalas, who originally used the name "Demosthenes" as his screen credit; under his real name, Savalas also received a Production Associate credit during the early seasons), Detective Saperstein (Mark Russell), and Detective Rizzo (Vince Conti), all gave Kojak support. Roger Robinson appeared in 12 episodes as Detective Gil Weaver.
Among the guest stars in the series' original run were F. Murray Abraham, Maud Adams, Patrick Adiarte, Danny Aiello, Paul Anka, Armand Assante, Eileen Brennan, Blair Brown, Dabney Coleman, Jackie Cooper, Scatman Crothers, Alex Dreier, Héctor Elizondo, Richard Gere, Ruth Gordon, Gloria Grahame, Robert Ito, Harvey Keitel, Sally Kirkland, Zohra Lampert (who won an Emmy for her 1975 guest appearance on the show), Tina Louise, Carol Lynley, Sheree North, Geraldine Page, Kathleen Quinlan, Lynn Redgrave, John Ritter, Sylvester Stallone, Danny Thomas, Forrest Tucker, Christopher Walken, Eli Wallach, Shelley Winters and James Woods.
Although the show primarily focused on Kojak's police work, it occasionally veered into other areas of the character's lives, such as the first season episode "Knockover" which included a subplot involving Kojak romancing a (much younger) female police officer.
In 1976, acclaimed crime writer Joe Gores received an Edgar Award from the Mystery Writers of America for Best Episode in a TV Series Teleplay for the third-season episode "No Immunity for Murder" (first aired November 23, 1975).
The show was cancelled after five seasons in 1978, due to falling ratings. Reruns of Kojak became successful in syndication and on TV Land. Years after the series ended, Savalas reprised the role in two TV movies, The Belarus File (1985) (an adaptation of the John Loftus book The Belarus Secret) and The Price of Justice (1987) (based on Dorothy Uhnak's novel The Investigation). Kojak is not a character in either book.
For the 1989–1990 television season, Kojak was revived for a series of five telefilms that aired on ABC. These films saw now-Inspector Kojak lead the NYPD's Major Crimes Squad. Andre Braugher was cast as a young detective assigned to Kojak's command.
Telly Savalas is the only cast member to appear in every episode of the original series, and stayed throughout its entire run.
