In the hit 1977 movie Smokey and the Bandit, Cledus Snow (Jerry Reed) referred to a police officer with a radar gun as a "Kojak with a Kodak", reflecting contemporary CB slang. The phrase also appears in a subtitle in The Cannonball Run when the Japanese team in the Subaru GL encountered a radar-operating officer.
In the film Foul Play, Chevy Chase and Goldie Hawn commandeer a livery vehicle with two Asian tourists in the backseat. When the tourists become agitated at his high speed driving, Chase informs them that he is a policeman like Kojak. Even though the tourists know very little English, the name Kojak turns their chagrin to enthusiasm and they enjoy the high-speed pursuit. When the car stops and they are left in the backseat, the male tourist cracks a smile and yells "Kojak! BANG! BANG!"
In Canada, some Canadians were concerned that the show left an impression in Canadian youth that they had rights, such as to be informed of an offense, and that it depicted American police reading people their rights in accordance with the Miranda ruling. In his 1980 book Deference to Authority: The Case of Canada, American sociologist Edgar Fredenberg who came to Canada in the early 1970s to avoid the draft was concerned that Canadians were more upset over depictions of Americans practising their civil rights on a TV show dealing with civil rights issues than that they did not have those rights. In 1982, the right to be informed of a criminal offense and of one's rights was enumerated in the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms.
In Brazil, the show was so successful that in the 1970s and 1980s the term "Kojak" became Brazilian slang for "bald man". In tribute, "Kojak" was a theme of Brazilian carnival-time music, a very rare honor. Telly Savalas also visited the country to do promotional work. In Rio de Janeiro, the expression: "I won't give a chance to Kojak" became popular among criminals, meaning the speaker would avoid leaving any clue that would lead the police to him or her.[citation needed] Later, this expression became popular among lay people. It would come to mean "I won't let anyone see my mistakes".
In Chile, the show was so successful that in the 1970s and 1980s the term "Kojak" became Chilean slang for "lollipop" until to this day. The same slang term can be found in many countries across the world (Algeria is an example).
In Hungary, a parody movie, titled Kojak Budapesten (Kojak in Budapest) was made in 1980, starring László Inke, Savalas' Hungarian dubbing voice in the titular role. In the film, Kojak is revealed to be not of Greek, but of Hungarian ancestry, visiting the capital of his former home country for a conference. Telly Savalas sold the rights for his likeness to the Hungarian filmmakers for $1. Also, the series was so popular in Hungary, that local tootsie pop makers started to call their product "Kojak nyalóka" ("Kojak lollypop").
In Maribor, Slovenia, the National Liberation Fight statue on the Liberty Square is called "Kojak" by the locals because of its shape.
The Mumbly Cartoon Show, in which starred a canine version of Peter Falk's Columbo, also featured a caricature of Kojak/Savalas called "Schnooker" as the title character's sidekick.[13]
In Israel, a rotating police light beacon is to this day called a "Kojak", both because it is round and bald, and because of the relation to a police vehicle.
