Special Agent Vivian Blackadder (Robyn Lively) is a former FBI agent who joins NCIS after the attack on the USS Cole, in which her brother, Rex, was killed. Despite being a special agent, she seemed to be more focused on avenging her brother's death by any means possible rather than attempting to work with the rest of the team. Her obsession with getting revenge often drew Gibbs' ire—Gibbs told her to stay focused on their case or he would send her back to the FBI. Later, in the JAG episode "Meltdown", she blew an NCIS operation to capture a terrorist planning another attack. Although it is not shown, it is implied that she either returned to the FBI or was fired from NCIS for good because of her mistakes. She is the only major character who appeared in the pilot episodes from JAG, and not in the series NCIS. Vivian Blackadder appeared in the JAG episodes "Ice Queen" and "Meltdown".
Lieutenant Commander Faith Coleman (Alicia Coppola) is a prosecutor for the Judge Advocate General's office. Coleman first appeared in the JAG episode "Ice Queen" and went on to make several appearances on NCIS, assisting Gibbs and his team. She successfully defended Commander Harmon Rabb when he was accused of the murder of fellow JAG lawyer Lieutenant Loren Singer. Her last appearance to date was in the episode "Hometown Hero", although she was mentioned in the episode "Head Case". Faith Coleman recurred on NCIS, following several guest appearances on JAG.
Adam Baldwin as Commander Michael Rainer, a US Navy SEAL assigned to Naval Amphibious Base Little Creek.
Patrick Labyorteaux as Captain Bud Roberts, a JAG officer.
John M. Jackson as Rear Admiral A.J. Chegwidden (Ret.), a former Judge Advocate General of the United States Navy who joined the private sector after retiring from the Navy.
Lara Macy (Louise Lombard) was a former USMC Lieutenant working as a military police officer, and almost two decades earlier had investigated then-USMC Gunnery Sergeant Leroy Jethro Gibbs' role in the murder of Mexican drug lord Pedro Hernandez. Due to the past investigation, their relationship was volatile until the OSP's operational psychologist Nate Getz revealed to Gibbs that Macy had been protecting him for eighteen years by covering up the evidence. Since Hernandez was responsible for the slaying of Gibbs' wife and daughter, Macy felt that his actions against Hernandez were justified, a move that would end up costing Macy her own life years later. In the NCIS: Los Angeles episode "Ambush", Hetty remarks to Director Vance that the last she'd heard, as the result of a political "witch-hunt", Macy was "working out of a quonset hut in Djibouti".[48] This was contradicted on a subsequent episode of NCIS, where Macy's personnel file states that she never worked in Djibouti but was instead reassigned to Marseille, to head up an NCIS undercover team there. It is likely that the Los Angeles branch had been fed misinformation due to the covert nature of Macy's new assignment.
While in Marseille, Macy began working on a rape case involving a Petty Officer Second Class before later returning to the United States. In "Patriot Down", badly burnt remains were discovered in Annapolis with NCIS Special Agent Timothy McGee confirming that the remains were those of Macy, leaving the NCIS team and agency itself devastated. It was later revealed that Macy had been brutally murdered and her body set alight with her killer being revealed as Jason Paul Dean, a mercenary and former U.S. Army Ranger, as part of a plot to get to Gibbs in relation to the Hernandez case.[49]
Lara Macy appeared in the NCIS episodes "Legend (Part I)" and "Legend (Part II)".
Chris O'Donnell as G. Callen
LL Cool J as Sam Hanna
Daniela Ruah as Kensi Blye
Barrett Foa as Eric Beale
Peter Cambor as Nate Getz
Brian Avers as Mike Renko
Kelly Hu as Lee Wuan Kai
Scott Bakula as Dwayne Pride
Lucas Black as Chris LaSalle
Zoe McLellan as Meredith Brody
CCH Pounder as Loretta Wade
Shalita Grant as Sonja Percy
