Senior Special Agent Leroy Jethro Gibbs (Mark Harmon) was born in Stillwater, Pennsylvania to Jackson and Ann Gibbs. He enlisted in the Marine Corps in 1976 and became a Scout Sniper. After serving in Panama and Iraq,[4] he retired from the Marine Corps with the rank of Gunnery Sergeant. He joined NIS, which later became NCIS, after his wife Shannon and only daughter Kelly were murdered in 1991. He later travelled to Mexico and murdered the drug dealer responsible, a crime he kept concealed for twenty years. Since then, he has been married and divorced three times, and is single, although he has had a number of romantic relationships since his last divorce.
Gibbs leads a Major Case Response Team (MCRT) consisting of field agents Anthony DiNozzo, Timothy McGee, and Ellie Bishop, supported by forensic scientist Abby Sciuto and medical examiner Dr. Mallard. In the episode "Bête Noire", Gibbs comes face to face with terrorist Ari Haswari and tries to kill him but fails. Finding Ari later becomes an obsession for Gibbs after Ari shoots and kills original team member Kate Todd in front of Gibbs and DiNozzo in the season two finale, "Twilight". Gibbs often shows frustration with his team (particularly DiNozzo for rambling or McGee for getting sucked into technical rambling) by slapping them over the back of the head, an action that is later shared between team members and known as a "headslap" or "Gibbs-slap".
Gibbs is often shown in his basement building boats, one of which he names after his daughter and another after one of his ex-wives. In the episode "Blowback", when confronting "Goliath" on the plane about "ARES", Gibbs reveals he is a Virgo. He is an expert sniper, as evidenced in "Hiatus" with flashbacks of him hitting at 1200 yards a long-distance head shot of his family's murderer, who was driving a moving vehicle, and in "Jeopardy" when he hits a kidnapper with a very swift shot to the forehead taken with his left hand while kneeling inside a car trunk. In "Truth or Consequences", Gibbs saves his entire team by shooting the leader of a terrorist cell after DiNozzo and McGee get captured looking for Ziva. In the episode "Extreme Prejudice", Gibbs goes after Harper Dearing, cornering the terrorist in a home in West Virginia, and when the man is about to use his gun, Gibbs stabs him, killing him.
Harmon is one of two actors to appear in every episode of NCIS.
Special Agent Caitlin "Kate" Todd (Sasha Alexander) first appears in the episode "Yankee White". Todd is a former Secret Service agent, recruited by Gibbs after she successfully helped him solve a murder aboard Air Force One. She works well with everyone on the team, becoming particularly close with Ducky and Abby, who convinces her to get a tattoo.[5] However, Todd's relationship with DiNozzo is more adversarial and they are more like siblings than anything else. Tony frequently flirts with her and sometimes goes through her personal belongings, no matter how many times she points out that his behavior is grossly unprofessional. At the same time, Kate is willing to risk her life for DiNozzo and admits that life would be considerably less interesting without him around. Following Sasha Alexander's decision to leave the show, Todd is killed in the line of duty (at the end of the episode "Twilight") by Ari Haswari, collateral damage in the terrorist's obsession with Gibbs.[6] She dies after being shot in the head by Ari with a lone bullet that is fired from a model of sniper rifle (Bravo 51) nicknamed "Kate". She is replaced at NCIS by Ziva David.[7]
Senior Special Agent Anthony D. "Tony" DiNozzo, Jr. (Michael Weatherly) is a former homicide detective for the Baltimore, Philadelphia and Peoria Police Departments. Like Gibbs, he has limited patience for the scientific method and technical terms. DiNozzo is known for his seemingly-endless film references; Ziva insists that his dying words will be "I've seen this film". He attended Ohio State University as a physical education major and was a member of the "Alpha Chi Delta" fraternity, class of 1989. DiNozzo is said to have played college basketball, "running the point for Ohio State" according to Abby. It is mentioned in the season three episode "Kill Ari (Part I)" that he comes from a wealthy family but has been cut off by his father, Anthony DiNozzo Sr (played by Robert Wagner who in turn was played by Weatherly in a TV movie). DiNozzo's mother was over-protective and she "dressed him like a sailor until he was ten". ("Frame Up")
DiNozzo is a flirt, and has a fondness for playing pranks on his co-workers, sometimes with little respect for their boundaries. During the course of season four, he is on an undercover assignment that Director Jenny Shepard leads, the key mission being to find arms dealer La Grenouille by posing as his daughter's boyfriend, but he ends up falling in love with her. In the episode "Knockout", he reveals that he is not doing well with women and that he is still hurting from his relationship with Jeanne Benoit. There is a great deal of romantic tension between Tony and Ziva. Despite his playboy manner and lighthearted nature, DiNozzo is frequently shown to be very sharp; he is able to coax Mossad Director Eli David into admitting that he ordered Rivkin and Ziva to spy on NCIS. He is reassigned as an Agent Afloat in the season five finale "Judgment Day", and transferred back to the Major Case Response Team in the episode "Agent Afloat".[8] In the season nine finale, "Till Death Do Us Part", a bomb blast at NCIS headquarters occurs with Tony and Ziva in the elevator. Both are rescued from the elevator and survive their ordeal.
In season thirteen, DiNozzo confesses his love for Ziva after learning of her apparent death, and it is revealed that the two have a child named Tali. He departs NCIS in order to travel to Israel and France, in order to look for answers and to bond with his daughter.
Prior to his departure in the season thirteen episode "Family First", Michael Weatherly appeared in every episode except season thirteen's "Homefront".
Abigail "Abby" Sciuto (Pauley Perrette) is a forensic specialist with NCIS, originally from Jefferson Parish, Louisiana. As indicated in the episode "Seadog", she is the adopted child of deaf parents, though she does not find out she is adopted until season nine when she learns that she has a biological brother (with whom she reconnects in season ten). She is known for her gothic style of dress (although she herself does not consider herself to be "Goth") and her addiction to the fictional, high-caffeine beverage "Caf-Pow!" which according to former NCIS director Jenny Shepard earned her the nickname "Energizer Abby".
Abby has a brief sexual relationship with Special Agent McGee, seen in the season one episode "Reveille", which ends with the two remaining friends. She is the most active and affectionate person of the team, often hugging everyone and talking fast, though she can be easily distracted. She is one of the few who can talk to Gibbs freely, and he often brings her Caf-Pows when he visits her lab for information. She and Gibbs are both fluent in sign language. She has a stuffed hippopotamus named Bert that often appears in the show and provides comic relief with its farting in otherwise tense situations.
Abby is a devout Roman Catholic and her hobbies include being on a bowling team with nuns, helping build homes for the needy, and playing computer games. She sleeps in a coffin and is, according to DiNozzo, "the happiest goth you will ever meet".[9] In the season nine finale "Till Death Do Us Part", a bomb blast at NCIS headquarters occurs with Gibbs tackling Abby to the floor in her lab. In the episode "Extreme Prejudice", it is revealed that she survives and is physically unharmed.
Perrette is one of two actors to appear in every episode of NCIS.
Dr. Donald Horatio "Ducky" Mallard (David McCallum) is the chief medical examiner at NCIS and an old friend of Gibbs. His nickname "Ducky", which the NCIS team addresses him as, is a play on his last name Mallard. When he was younger he went by "Donnie".[10] Mallard is Scottish-born;[11] his cellphone's ringtone features bagpipes playing "Scotland the Brave".
Mallard is a kind but eccentric character who often talks to the deceased ("their bodies tell me a great deal; it helps to reciprocate"[12]) and rambles to the living with long personal remembrances or historical accounts. In "Truth or Consequences", DiNozzo says that "sometimes his head is connected directly to his mouth". He calls co-workers by their full first names or by their surnames with an honorific ("Abigail" for Abby Sciuto, "Mr Palmer" for his assistant Jimmy Palmer etc), and Jenny Shepard and Leon Vance by their job title, "Director".
Mallard attended Eton College[13] and the University of Edinburgh Medical School and served in the Royal Army Medical Corps. While in the RAMC, he served in the Vietnam War while on an officer-exchange program with the United States military.[14] He served in Bosnia during the Yugoslav Wars and in Afghanistan during the Soviet invasion. While in Afghanistan, Ducky stumbled on a CIA interrogation program in the Jalozai refugee camp on the Pakistani border, run by Marcin Jerek, aka Mr. Pain, which tortured Afghan refugees for intelligence purposes. When Ducky found out about the program through Javid, a young man being tortured by Mr. Pain, he gave Javid and a number of other prisoners a lethal injection of morphine to save them from a slow and painful death. When Javid's sister attacked Ducky at a crime scene, the story resurfaced and Ducky was to be investigated by the Afghan government for war crimes. However, he was found innocent when he confronted Mr. Pain at the Afghan embassy. It was revealed that Mr. Pain knew that Javid was innocent and that the only reason he was torturing him was to break Ducky to stop giving prisoners morphine injections. Pain was then arrested and turned over to the Afghan government for trial. However, Ducky claimed that he would not be forgiven for the act by others or by himself.
He then joined NCIS in 1992.[15] Ducky and Gibbs have worked together for many years and Ducky is Gibbs' closest friend. Although most of his time is spent in autopsy and attending crime scenes, he is sent on an important undercover mission in "Blowback". Ducky has a "second talent", as Gibbs calls it, to be able to read people, which he expands in season four by studying psychology. In cases without actual bodies, he assists by using his psychological training to decipher the clues left by the perpetrators and establish modus operandi and motive.
Until season six, Ducky lives with his aging mother and her corgis. Nina Foch, who played Ducky's mother, died in 2008. In "Broken Bird", Ducky reveals that his mother has moved out and has Alzheimer's disease.[15] In "Double Identity", it is revealed that Ducky's mother has died. Her headstone indicates she lived 1912–2010.[16] The rest of the team only learns of Victoria Mallard's passing when Abby follows Ducky to her grave. Later, Gibbs pays him a condolence call in the autopsy room, but Ducky seems relieved at her death (probably as she was no longer suffering from Alzheimer's), grateful to have been her son and proud that she almost lived to the age of 100. In season nine, "Playing with Fire", it is revealed that Ducky has inherited a lot of money from his mother's estate. Gibbs is the first person he reveals this to. In the episode "Spinning Wheel", Ducky is revealed to have a half-brother, Nicholas, who is 20 years his junior; his father Joseph and his ex-stepmother, Lorraine, are also introduced in that episode.[17]
Ducky drives a Morgan that he restored himself. There is a running gag in which Ducky and his assistant (first Gerald and then Jimmy) frequently get lost or meet a mishap when driving to the crime scene.[18][19][20] In the Halloween episode "Witch Hunt", he and Jimmy are late after their van is pelted with eggs by youths in ninja costumes. According to Jimmy, Ducky chased the teens for several blocks and apprehended them and made them clean its windshield. He asks Gibbs to be the executor of his will. While walking on a beach, Ducky suffers a heart attack in the season nine finale, "Till Death Do Us Part", after hearing about the bomb blast at NCIS headquarters and then is seen lying motionless.[21] In "Extreme Prejudice", it is shown that he is alive and receiving treatment after being found on the beach.[21] He recovers from his heart attack, and under reduced workload, returns to work alongside the team. From this he is seen to push Jimmy into being more confident and to be ready to take his place.
David McCallum has appeared in every episode of NCIS except "Legend Part II", from season six. When Special Agent Todd asked Gibbs "What did Ducky look like when he was younger?" he replied, "Illya Kuryakin"—the Russian U.N.C.L.E. agent played by McCallum in the 1960s television show The Man From U.N.C.L.E.[22] In the episode "Hung Out to Dry", it is revealed that he has a nephew, though no further information follows.
Timothy "Tim" McGee (Sean Murray) first appears in the episode "Sub Rosa" as a case agent stationed at Norfolk, and is promoted to field agent and assigned to Agent Gibbs' team at the end of the season two premiere, "See No Evil", becoming a regular character. He serves as a field computer consultant and occasionally assists Abby in the lab. McGee clashes with DiNozzo, though after the two became partners (following Ziva's departure from the team at the end of season six), they are frequently shown to form an effective team; however, their relationship reverts to its original state upon Ziva's return. McGee's methods are often indecipherable to the other team members, which earns him the pejorative nicknames "McGeek", "McGoo", and "Probie" from DiNozzo (along with other derisive nicknames, usually based on his surname); and "Elf Lord", used by multiple characters due to his elf character in an online role playing computer game. He studied biomedical engineering at Johns Hopkins University, and computer forensics at MIT. He graduated top of his class at the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center.
McGee is also a writer, writing mystery crime novels including a national bestseller, Deep Six: The Continuing Adventures of L.J. Tibbs, under the pseudonym Thom E. Gemcity (an anagram of his name), featuring characters based on his fellow co-workers and others from his everyday life. He drives a silver Porsche Boxster as seen in the episode "Twisted Sister". He owns a dog, Jethro. Jethro was falsely accused of killing his police handler until Abby proves his innocence, names him and convinces McGee to take him because her landlord won't let her keep the dog herself, despite the dog having attacked him earlier in the episode ("Dog Tags"). McGee is transferred to Cybercrimes Division in season five ("Judgment Day") and back to the Major Case Response Team in season six ("Last Man Standing").[8]
With DiNozzo's departure in the final episode of season thirteen, McGee is permanently promoted to Senior Field Agent.
Ziva David (Cote de Pablo) initially holds the post of Mossad Liaison Officer to NCIS, to which she is appointed following the murder of Special Agent Caitlin Todd by a rogue Mossad operative named Ari Haswari. Ziva was Ari's control officer and half-sister. Despite initially believing that Ari is innocent, she fatally shoots him when he attempts to kill Gibbs, earning the latter's trust. Later, she requests a liaison assignment to NCIS, and joins Gibbs' team. At the end of season six, she falls under suspicion as a spy for Mossad.
De Pablo describes the character as someone who is "completely different from anyone else on the show" because "she's been around men all her life; she's used to men in authority. She's not afraid of men".[23] The series creator Don Bellisario stated, "When the Kate [Todd] character was killed, I didn't want to bring in the same character I had in Kate, someone who was very Puritan, uptight and treated Tony like a big brother. I wanted to bring in a character that causes Tony to have to sit back and not quite be able to handle her. And I wanted someone who was more international".[24]
David's specialties with Mossad were espionage, assassination and counter-terrorism and she is highly trained in martial arts. She speaks Hebrew, English, Arabic, Spanish, French, Italian, German, Russian and Turkish. Despite being fluent in English, she sometimes misinterprets idioms and phrases; this is a running joke within the series. Throughout the series, she is accused of driving too fast with passengers, leading to McGee and DiNozzo always wanting to drive whenever they are partnered with her. She is shown to frequently clash with DiNozzo in good-natured arguments. She is very skilled with a knife and is shown teaching her colleagues how to throw one properly. She is the one person Gibbs trusts with any type of firearm in difficult situations. Throughout her career, she has travelled extensively to countries including Egypt (where she met Jenny Shepard), Iraq, the United Kingdom and Morocco.
Following Ziva's captivity and torture in a terrorist camp in Somalia, an ordeal that lasts for several months, she resigns from Mossad. In the season seven episode "Good Cop, Bad Cop" she becomes a probationary NCIS Special Agent. Since then, Tony refers to her (as with McGee) as "Probie". As of "Rule Fifty-One", she is a citizen of the United States and able to become a full agent which is made official in season nine's "Nature of the Beast".
David rarely speaks of her personal life. As of season ten, all of her immediate family are deceased. Her father, Eli David, is the director of Mossad until he is shot and killed in "Shabbat Shalom". The show rarely mentions her mother, Rivka, who taught her to drive; all that is known is that her mother is deceased and that she does not have the same mother as Ari. Her younger sister, Tali David, was killed in a Hamas terrorist attack against Israel at the age of sixteen. She also has an Aunt Nettie who likes to play mahjong. Ziva is able to play the piano and is shown to enjoy cooking and reading. She enjoys the fictional drink Berry Mango Madness. She drives a red Mini Cooper but at the end of season ten, she sells the Mini and replaces it with a bigger red car. She likes listening to the Israeli band Hadag Nachash and the Latin American band Kinky. She does not own a television but her favorite film is The Sound of Music. Following Ziva's resignation from NCIS, she is replaced by former NSA analyst Ellie Bishop.
In season thirteen, following Ziva's presumed death at the hands of a Trent Kort-hired assassin, it is revealed she and Tony have a child named Tali.
Jennifer "Jenny" Shepard (Lauren Holly) is the director of NCIS from season three to season five, replacing Thomas Morrow. She first appears in the episode "Kill Ari (Part I)". She was a military brat; her father, Jasper Shepard, was a colonel in the United States Army. She is Gibbs' former partner and lover.[24] While she and Gibbs were stationed in Europe, Gibbs was ordered back to the US and she was offered her own section in Europe. When Gibbs asked Jenny to go with him, she refused as she wished to advance her career to exact revenge on the arms dealer who killed her father. Jenny and Gibbs are reunited in "Kill Ari (Part I)", which stirs Gibbs' heart and opens a constant flirtation between her and Gibbs.
Shepard has a close relationship with Ziva David and occasionally provides her with key information on cases without going through regular channels or telling Gibbs, as in the season three episode "Head Case". They make it a point to keep these dealings confidential, arguing that "what Gibbs doesn't know can't hurt us". Later in the episode, though, Gibbs' remarks reveals that he already knows about her assistance. Shepard and Ziva have a working relationship prior to Shepard's being appointed Director of NCIS.
During season four, Director Shepard places Tony DiNozzo on an undercover assignment to get close to arms dealer René Benoit. The sub-plot comes to a head late in the season when it is revealed that Jenny blames Benoit for her father's death and that Benoit is now central to a major CIA deep-cover operation. Gibbs confronts Jenny over the operation, suggesting she is letting her emotions rule and has knowingly placed DiNozzo in danger and jeopardized a major CIA operation for the purposes of revenge. During the episode "Internal Affairs", it is strongly implied that Shepard is responsible for Benoit's murder; this is reiterated when Gibbs looks through the FBI's file on Benoit's death in "Judgment Day" (Part 1).
In several episodes during season five, Jenny's failing health becomes a plot issue. For example, in "Stakeout", Ducky is shown ordering a test on a blood sample and tells Abby it is from a John Doe. However, when Abby talks to Jimmy Palmer, he says they have no John Does. Gibbs deduces, correctly, that the only person Ducky would "stick his neck out" for would be the Director. In the next episode, "Dog Tags", Gibbs questions Jenny about her illness and she says she is fine. Her exact illness is never revealed; however, in "Stakeout", Abby tells Ducky there is an elevated level of creatine kinase in the blood sample she runs. Mike Franks also discovers Shepard's illness by going through her purse and finding her medication.
Shepard is killed in the episode "Judgment Day" (Part 1). Franks and Jenny are talking in an abandoned diner when she reveals that she regrets leaving Gibbs and she is still in love with him. It is revealed that she botched an operation ten years prior, when she and Gibbs had been ordered to assassinate a pair of Russian crime lords and lovers. Gibbs shot the man, but Jenny faced down the woman, Natasha (aka Svetlana), and let her live. Natasha sends assassins to kill Jenny in the diner; Jenny kills them all but dies of her injuries. Franks, who is outside at the time of the shooting, returns to Jenny's house where Natasha is trying to kill Gibbs, and Franks shoots her. Gibbs and Franks decide to cover Jenny's mistake and death by burning down her Georgetown mansion. Jenny's cause of death is reported as "death in home fire". Her loss affects the rest of the characters greatly. Abby regrets that she never told Jenny she was a snappy dresser, and says that would have made her smile. After Director Shepard's death, she is replaced by Assistant Director Leon Vance.
Leon James Vance[25] (Rocky Carroll) first appears in the season five episode "Internal Affairs" as the Assistant Director of the NCIS, and is named Director after the death of Jenny Shepard. In "Knockout" it is revealed that he was originally from Ohio, but grew up in Chicago where he trained to be a boxer. His wife states that Vance attended the United States Naval Academy and was commissioned as a 2nd Lieutenant in the Marine Corps, but was forced to take a medical discharge before ever serving due to surgery to repair a detached retina suffered during his boxing career.[26] However, Ducky later reveals to Gibbs that Vance's close childhood friend, who had died just prior to the start of the episode, also suffered a detached retina. Vance also reveals that it was this friend who decided that Vance should leave Chicago while he stayed behind. Vance says this despite his insistence to Gibbs that his friend was a Marine, though there is no record of his friend's service in the military.
More of Vance's background is revealed in "Enemies Domestic", in season eight. To play the young Vance, Rocky Carroll underwent make-up procedures that he described as "a little instant facelift".[27] In 1991, Vance was a student at the Naval War College in Rhode Island, and began to take an interest in black operations. He even imagines one himself: Operation Frankenstein, which would later play a big part in the season eight finale. NIS (later renamed NCIS) takes an interest in him and he is recruited by Special Agent Whitney Sharp. Vance is trained by Sharp and after a six-week training course, leaves for an operation in Amsterdam, codenamed Trident. He meets his handler, Riley McAllister, who tells him that the target is a Russian agent known to Vance only as "The Russian". NIS believes he is bribing sailors for intelligence. Vance meets Eli David, a promising Mossad agent, who tells him he knows of the operation and that the Russian will kill him. Later, Eli betrays Vance to the Russian but it is revealed that this is so he can kill him himself. Eli also tells Vance he has been chosen because he is expendable and would not be missed. Eli and Vance kill the Russian's hit team, but the Russian manages to escape. Eli is unable to find him or who he was. Vance is credited with the elimination of the hit team and he starts to rise swiftly through the ranks at NCIS. He keeps believing, along with Eli, that there was a dirty agent in NCIS, who had really tipped off the Russian about Vance's mission. It is later revealed that this is McAllister; an expert on Russia, he saw that the Soviet Union's collapse had diverted attention onto the Middle East, and planned to have Vance killed by a Russian operative to show that Russia still posed a major threat, thus setting himself up for the directorship of NCIS.[28]
Then-Assistant Director Vance takes over for Jenny Shepard during her leave of absence between "Internal Affairs" and "Judgment Day", establishing himself as a formidable presence with Gibbs and his team. He scatters Tony, McGee, and Ziva to various departments and assigns Gibbs a new team in the Season 6 premiere "Last Man Standing" upon being named Director; however it is later revealed that he did this to flush out a mole in the agency. Vance and Gibbs clash during this span, prompting a cold war between them which ends with a détente in "Agent Afloat" at the start of season six. However, the two clash later on as Gibbs feels he cannot fully trust Vance, though he cannot identify a specific reason why. Vance spearheads the investigation into Shepard's death, and is angered greatly when he is not kept in the loop by Gibbs and Mike Franks, who ultimately manipulate the situation to exonerate Shepard from her past failure, not what Vance had in mind. After Shepard's death, and possibly before, he lobbies the Secretary of the Navy hard to take over NCIS, as seen in "Cloak", but in "Semper Fidelis" the Secretary informs Gibbs of a major operation which will require Vance to serve as its head, and that NCIS and the Navy will need Gibbs and Vance to get along. Things come to a head in "Aliyah", when Gibbs accuses Vance of selling out his team to Mossad Director Eli David. Vance responds that Ziva is a plant, used to get Mossad a foothold in NCIS through Gibbs. Vance also reveals that he knows about the true story of the death of Ari Haswari. After this, the two of them realize that circumstances will prove one of them right. At the start of season seven, Vance approves Ziva's transfer to NCIS, proving that Gibbs was right, and Ziva is loyal to NCIS. Despite his professional attitude towards Gibbs' team, Vance shows that he does care about them at least once when Alejandro Rivera threatens Abby in "Spider and the Fly". He tells Rivera to leave before he gets hurt and when Rivera asks by whom, he replies angrily: "By me."
Even after the events of "Aliyah", Vance is shown to still be in official contact with Eli David in his capacity as director of Mossad. This is shown when he receives a text message on his phone from Eli which says only: "I found him". Vance also refuses to discuss a phone call from Eli with Gibbs, despite knowing how dangerous Eli is, and despite his precarious relationship with Gibbs and his team. Upon being promoted to the director's position at the end of season five, Vance immediately goes to former Director Shepard's office, and is seen to shred a single mysterious document from his own personnel file. It is revealed in season six ("Semper Fidelis") that the document was written by his supervising agent at the time. The Secretary of the Navy tells Gibbs that the file is a fabrication and that he thought all copies had been destroyed. It is further revealed in the season eight episode, "Enemies Domestic",[29] that the head of the San Diego field office, when Vance was assigned there, had begun creating a legend for Vance that incorporated fictitious information about Vance in order to backstop a deep cover assignment, including the false information that Vance had been a pilot and director of a field office.
In the season nine finale, "Till Death Do Us Part", a bomb blast occurs at NCIS headquarters with Vance's whereabouts unknown. In the season 10 premiere, "Extreme Prejudice", it is revealed that he survived relatively unscathed. In the season 10 episode "Shabbat Shalom", Vance is widowed when his wife Jackie is shot and dies in surgery. Eli David also dies in the episode. In the Season 11 episode "Homesick", Jackie's estranged biological father Lamar Addison shows up at the family home, much to Vance's displeasure. It is revealed that he walked out on Jackie and her mother and brother when she was young and that he was never married to her mother. Vance and Jackie have two children: a daughter, Kayla, and a son, Jared. Vance met his wife while attending a University of Maryland basketball game while Len Bias was playing.[26] By season 10, Vance and Gibbs are on friendlier terms. Gibbs is particularly empathetic to Vance after his wife's murder and his recovery from a serious injury since Gibbs himself has been through a similar experience. Vance also prevents Gibbs' detention during a DOD internal investigation by allowing him to be temporarily assigned to JSOC.
In "Double Trouble", Vance is almost asked to resign after a confrontation with former NCIS Agent Kip Klugman, whom Vance arrested during his last case as a field agent in San Diego in 2005, until he and Gibbs are able to clear his name. In that episode, Secretary Porter mentions that he has been the Director of NCIS for longer than his last two predecessors combined (at that point, just over 7 years).
Dr. James "Jimmy" Palmer (Brian Dietzen) is an assistant medical examiner first appears in the episode "Split Decision". After Gerald Jackson is incapacitated, Palmer becomes Mallard's assistant. He self-identifies as a sufferer of a "mild" case of diabetes mellitus in the episode "In The Dark". He often seems intimidated by Gibbs, especially when he goes into one of his trademark strange rambling explanations of something that has not been requested. Part of the reason that Dr. Mallard and he are often not at the crime scene until well after Gibbs and his team arrive is related to Dr. Mallard's emphasis on Jimmy being a horrible driver and always getting lost, although Jimmy tries to defend himself by pointing out that Ducky is the one with the map. He was named after former Baltimore Orioles pitcher Jim Palmer,[30] but does not like baseball.
Jimmy is the central character of the episode "About Face" where he must recover his memory to find a suspect to a murder case and his attempted killer.
Like Ducky, Palmer speaks to the dead, though he is far more irreverent, sometimes raising not only eyebrows but doubts about his analytic abilities in the process. Some episodes depict an ongoing illicit office romance between Jimmy and Michelle Lee. They make excuses for working late and are seen entering and exiting the underside of the autopsy table. In the episode "Last Man Standing", Palmer admits to Gibbs and Vance that he and Agent Lee had been "doing it" for a while, but he had broken it off because he felt "used" - an important bit of information about Lee's character, as a bit of dramatic irony reveals at the end of the same episode. In "The Good Wives Club", it is revealed that Jimmy is claustrophobic; when he is entering the enclosed hallway he is seen sweating profusely and when he has to go get the body bag he freaks out about having to go back through it. In "About Face", as Jimmy is being hypnotized by Abby, it seems that Jimmy has a shoe fetish, as he dreamily talks in detail about Ziva and Abby's footwear instead of recalling information about the current case. The episode also indicates that his mother's name is Eunice. In the episode "Bounce" we see that Palmer regularly helps Tony when he is in charge, despite the fact that Tony has frequently mocked Palmer by calling him an "autopsy gremlin"; yet since DiNozzo mocks just about everyone in the series, this is unsurprising. Palmer is also shown to have severe tinnitus.
Season seven reveals that Jimmy is in love with a girl named Breena Slater, who appears in the episode "Mother's Day". In the season eight finale, "Pyramid", NCIS special agent E.J. Barrett congratulates Jimmy on his engagement, and in the season nine premiere "Nature of the Beast", Ziva says that they are getting married next spring. In "Newborn King", Palmer is accompanied to NCIS headquarters by Breena's father, Ed Slater. Ed alternates between grating on the nerves of the entire team and mocking Palmer's career choice. Most of the team either ignore Ed or quietly tolerate his rudeness out of respect for Palmer and his guest. Abby is the exception – when Ed makes a comment regarding the supposed promiscuity of tattooed women, she places Palmer and Slater in "time out" by locking them in her office. Palmer eventually tires of Ed's behavior, telling him to sit down and shut up. The end of the episode shows Ed accepting Palmer and expressing a desire for a grandchild. In "Till Death Do Us Part", prior to a bomb blast at the NCIS headquarters, Palmer and Breena decide to get married on the spot so he can assist the rest of the team in the Harper Dearing case. In episode "Damned If You Do", Jimmy tells Ducky that he and Breena are on a waiting list for adoption, seeing as how there are so many children without parents. In the season 11 episode, "The Admiral's Daughter" it is revealed to Jimmy through a word game that Breena is pregnant. Breena gives birth to the baby girl in the season twelve episode "We Build, We Fight", and they name her "Victoria Elizabeth Palmer" after Ducky's mother, with Ducky as her "Grand-Ducky".
During his first few seasons, Jimmy is portrayed as a geek with a tendency to ramble or speak out of turn, much to the irritation of Gibbs and even Ducky on occasions. When he first starts, as with most "newbies", he is subjected to some teasing by DiNozzo. By season ten, he is shown as more of a surrogate son to Ducky rather than simply his assistant (though this relationship has been implied throughout the series). In "Extreme Prejudice", he insists on remaining at Ducky's bedside until Ducky convinces him that NCIS needs him more. In the season fourteen episode "Keep Going", Jimmy confesses to a victim's son that he is now a qualified doctor, having passed his Medical Examiner test, but doesn't want the rest of the team to know. However, everyone finds out because he was speaking in front of a mic, and Ducky congratulates him.
Eleanor Raye "Ellie" Bishop (Emily Wickersham) is an NSA analyst who first appears in the season 11 episode "Gut Check". Bishop is a "country girl" from Oklahoma and has three older brothers.[31][32][33] Described by her boss at the NSA as a "reclusive data freak", Bishop claims that she "remembers almost everything she reads", and often thinks while sitting cross-legged on the floor. She applied to NCIS before taking the job with the NSA, and Gibbs invites her to a "joint duty assignment". Gibbs later offers her a probationary position as a Special Agent in "Monsters and Men", affectionately referring to her as "probie" for the first time. After that, DiNozzo and McGee are seen pulling the seniority card by ordering her around to do more menial tasks, such as evidence collection. Bishop is repeatedly shown as a bit of a perfectionist, sometimes asking for second tries, knowing she can do better the next time around. Alex Quinn has remarked that she is too tightly wound.
When first introduced, DiNozzo and McGee quickly notice her wedding band, but she remains coy when asked about her marital status. It is eventually revealed that she is married and her husband's name is Jake Malloy (Jamie Bamber), an attorney for the NSA. They met during their first week at NSA, though during season thirteen they appear to be having marital difficulties. In "Day in Court", Jake reveals he is having an affair with a fellow NSA Agent. Bishop is horrified and the two separate, with Bishop going home to Oklahoma to get some distance. She later returns to DC to continue with NCIS, and tells Jake that their marriage has been deteriorating quickly since she joined NCIS. Despite him wanting to make things work, she has already decided to file for divorce. She sees Gibbs as a father figure and leans on him. After her divorce she prefers to stay single for a while. It is revealed in "Enemy Combatant" that Ellie is dating NCIS translator Qasim Naasir, last seen in season twelve. Unfortunately, the relationship ends abruptly when Qasim dies from injuries sustained in an attack by a criminal that the NCIS team have been tracking, leaving Bishop grief-stricken and hellbent on exacting revenge for Qasim's murder. Quinn is extremely concerned about her wellbeing, especially as she eavesdrops on her asking MI6 officer Clayton Reeves to translate the files Qasim was assigned to assist the case. It is revealed that Qasim proposed to Bishop a few weeks before he died. She asked him for some time to think, and he agreed. Bishop planned to accept the night he died, but never had the chance.
Nicholas 'Nick' Torres (Wilmer Valderrama) is an undercover agent who first appears in the season 14 premiere, 'Rogue'. Nick has been an NCIS deep cover agent for years, but when his cover is blown and he learns his sister's life could be in danger, he races back to DC in an ill-fated attempt to stop it. His mission crosses over with that of Gibbs' team. However, after working with them to bring down his sister's attackers, he is offered a spot on the team with Alex Quinn. Nick often has trouble readjusting to a normal life and working with a team; he is thus reluctant to wear the NCIS windbreaker or cap when visiting crime scenes. Being undercover for so long has given him a range of skills such as close combat training, but his methods are a bit unpredictable: e.g., such as drawing a gunman's attention by jumping onto a poker table with McGee holding them at gunpoint. Nick is also not afraid to break rules if he needs to, which on occasion has him butting heads with Gibbs. He is very charismatic, has a sense of humour and is very adept in social situations; he once got a suspect to talk by offering him a candy bar. He has a picture of himself on his desk as a reminder of a woman he loved but lost to cancer as a teenager. He also strikes up a friendly rivalry with Clayton Reeves, and they both try to one-up each other—from undercover tactics to arm-wrestling contests.
Alex Quinn (Jennifer Esposito) joins Gibbs' team after 15 years assigned to the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center (FLETC). Before that she was a field agent, but after her partner was killed in an ambush while the two were following suspects, and her engagement to Mike fell apart, she left the field. Quinn met Gibbs when he was a part of the team investigating her partner's death. She has a sister in her twenties and a mother who is later revealed to be developing Alzheimer's. She is described as having "sharp wit, quick mind and immense talent as a federal agent".[34]
Quinn prides herself on remembering every agent she's ever trained, including McGee and Bishop.
Quinn leaves the team at the end of Season 14 to take care of her ailing mother.[35]
Clayton Reeves (Duane Henry) is a British MI6 Intelligence Officer who first encounters the NCIS team working abroad with DiNozzo. Upon returning to the US, Clayton is attacked by Trent Kort, whom he later shoots and kills. He first appears in season 13, and returns as a main character for season 14. In 'Pay to Play', he returns, now working at NCIS's International Desk. Because his desk is behind the bullpen of the team, a running gag is he tends to pop up unexpectedly with information in regards to the case at hand. After a botched undercover job to capture the terrorist Chen, he secretly works with Bishop to find a lead on him and arrest him, despite Gibbs ordering them both to stand down. Reeves has many skills from his career as an MI6 agent and brings those skills to the team when needed, ranging from computer forensics to piloting for his undercover work. While friendly and charming to everyone he meets, he strikes up a rivalry with Torres; both are seasoned undercover agents and generally try to one up each other.
