Portrayed by Angie Harmon
Episodes: "Payback" – "Entitled"
In season 1, ADA Abbie Carmichael, from Law & Order, prosecuted SVU cases for 6 episodes.
Portrayed by Stephanie March
Episodes: "Wrong is Right" – "Loss", "Ghost", "Lead" – "Liberties", "Hardwired" – "Witness", "Scorched Earth" – "Learning Curve"
ADA Alexandra Cabot first appears in the season 2 premiere episode "Wrong Is Right", when she is assigned by the DA and Police Commissioner to work with SVU as their permanent ADA. She serves as SVU's ADA until the fourth episode of season 5, in which she survives an assassination attempt by a drug cartel's hitman and subsequently enters the Witness Protection Program. In the season 6 episode "Ghost", she returned to testify against her assassin, but quickly disappears back into Witness Protection after the trial.
She appeared in the 2006 short-lived Law & Order spinoff Conviction as Bureau Chief of the homicide unit. In season 10, she makes a surprise return to SVU as the temporary ADA, replacing ADA Greylek, for six episodes, starting with the episode "Lead." Although Cabot was absent for the first four episodes of season 11, she becomes their permanent ADA in the fifth episode ("Hardwired") after EADA Sonya Paxton entered court-ordered alcohol rehab. She left SVU in the season 11 episode "Witness" to work for the International Criminal Court to seek justice for rape victims in the Congo. She later returned in the season 13 premiere "Scorched Earth", in which Cabot is the lead prosecutor in a rape case against a man who is the favorite to become Italy's next prime minister. She is the prosecutor in seven episodes, sharing the ADA duties with Casey Novak and Bureau Chief Mike Cutter. Cabot's last episode of season 13 was "Learning Curve" in which she is aiding in the investigation of a school molestation scandal.
Portrayed by Judith Light
Episodes: "Guilt" – "Cold", "Persona", "Zebras", "Behave"
Elizabeth Donnelly was SVU's Bureau Chief Assistant District Attorney from seasons 3 to 6. In the District Attorney's office, she serves as the supervisor for ADA Cabot and her successor Casey Novak. Donnelly is elevated to judge in season 7. In the season 10 episode "Persona", Donnelly takes a leave of absence from her role as a judge and resumes her previous role as an Executive ADA to prosecute a cold case she was involved with in 1974, when a battered woman (Brenda Blethyn) murdered her husband. She admits to Benson that she was somewhat responsible for the woman absconding from custody and therefore took on the case due to "unfinished business." Her role in the escape leads to mishaps in the justice system being termed "doing a Donnelly" for many years to follow. This episode calls attention to the difficulty Donnelly experiences as a woman working in the justice system. But the revelation that the fugitive had been pregnant at the time of her crime leads Donnelly to what, for her, is an act of leniency. She leaves the office, yet again, and returns to the role of a judge.
From season 7 through 12, the SVU ADAs work without a Bureau Chief supervising their work, and are watched more closely by the District Attorney. In season 13, Executive ADA Michael Cutter is transferred from homicide to take over Donnelly's former role as supervisor.
Portrayed by Diane Neal
Episodes: "Serendipity" – "Cold", "Reparations", "Blood Brothers" – "Valentine's Day"
Casey Novak was SVU's Assistant District Attorney from seasons 5 to 9, replacing ADA Alexandra Cabot. Although she quickly loses her innocence when dealing with sex crimes, she still shows uneasiness when dealing with the gray areas of human involvement, preferring the letter of the law to the messiness of each individual reality. Nonetheless, Novak has a 71 percent success rate in the cases she prosecutes, whereas the average for prosecutors is 44 percent. After initial hesitation, she becomes particularly close to Stabler as they bond over being Catholic and a love for sports. It is revealed that in her final year of law school, Novak was engaged to a man, Charlie, who suffered from schizophrenia. She ended the relationship when his symptoms became so severe she felt she could no longer be intimate with him. In 2002, Charlie attacked her in her home during a psychotic episode. She convinced the police not to press charges, but ended the relationship. He eventually became homeless, and was found dead as a "John Doe" in the spring of 2007. She developed a deep compassion for the mentally ill afterward, but still feels guilty for not being able to help him, as shown in season 9's "Blinded." She states that she is a big supporter of the U.S military. She says that her father was an M-60 Door Gunner on a Huey during the Vietnam War. His helicopter crashed three times and he received a Purple Heart. In season 9, her final year as the SVU ADA, she grew increasingly more reckless and unsure in her prosecution. It is implied that friend and former boss Liz Donnelly aided in her censure, leading to her replacement by ADA Kim Greylek in season 10.
It is revealed that Novak was censured for three years and subsequently re-hired by the DA's office. This is explained in the season 12 episode "Reparations", where she returns to SVU as their temporary ADA to prosecute a rape case. She is opposed by Law & Order: LA Deputy District Attorney Jonah Dekker who is representing the defendant. Casey not only finds herself at odds with Dekker, but also Judge Petrovsky, to whom she had previously lied in the season 9 finale ("Cold"), which ultimately led to her censure.
ADA Novak returned as a recurring character, along with ADA Cabot, in season 13. She was last seen as the lead prosecutor in "Valentine's Day", in which she goes up against Defense Attorney Marvin Exley, who is defending a woman who seems to have fabricated her own abduction.
Portrayed by Michaela McManus
Episodes: "Trials" – "Lead"
Kim Greylek was the SVU's Assistant District Attorney who replaced Casey Novak at the beginning of season 10. Greylek previously worked in the U.S. Department of Justice's Office on Violence Against Women in Washington, D.C. where she had the nickname of "The Crusader." A dogged prosecutor, she pushed the detectives to make cases for the sake of politics in favor of pursuing actual offenders. She can be unrelenting, threatening to charge a defendant with a hate crime for raping two women in the season 10 premiere, and having a teenage boy charged with assaulting a police officer so he can be tested for HIV. In the episode "Babes", Greylek also angers a woman believed to be involved with a young girl's suicide, but she was found not guilty. After gloating about her innocence, the woman attacks Greylek for correcting her about being "innocent" and to wash the blood off her hands before holding her daughter's baby. When the officers pull the woman off her, Greylek tells Stabler to charge her with assault.
But Greylek also has a softer side, as she warns Stabler to get a good defense attorney after his daughter Kathleen (who was dealing with bipolar disorder issues) is charged with breaking & entering and theft, because the DA's office will prosecute her. Greylek also rushes to get justice for three women who were drugged and raped by a man obsessed with pornography in the episode "Smut". Greylek seeks justice when a man is brutally beaten outside a strip club with the man's ex-wife and 13-year-old transgender daughter Hailey as the prime suspect. Before the case gets to trial, Benson and Stabler discover that it was Haley's guidance counselor who committed the crime. During the trial, it is discovered that the guidance counselor is also a transgender woman and that is why she tried to help Haley.
After appearing in only 14 episodes, Greylek was written out of the series in the episode "Lead"; in the middle of a trial where Pediatrician Gilbert Keppler (Lawrence Arancio) is found guilty of sexually assaulting four of his male patients. She is last seen doing a press conference with Cragen, Benson, and Stabler on the steps of the courthouse while the doctor's attorney hands the SVU squad a lawsuit for failure to take action against Keppler immediately. Later in the episode, Benson and Stabler discover the doctor murdered in his home. The detectives hold CSU out of the house until Cragen and Greylek arrive. Suddenly, they see ADA Cabot walk up to the scene with Cragen. Cabot tells the detectives that the Justice Department called Greylek back to Washington and DA McCoy let her leave immediately.
Portrayed by Christine Lahti
Episodes: "Unstable" – "Hammered", "Turmoil", "Gray", "Pursuit"
Sonya Paxton was SVUs Executive ADA who temporarily replaced Alexandra Cabot for four episodes in season 11, starting with the season premiere, "Unstable". Working in the Appeals bureau, she was the first to get a Capital Conviction in New York when the then newly elected Governor Pataki brought back the death penalty in 1995. Paxton was sent to SVU by DA Jack McCoy to "clean house" in the "he-said, she-said unit" due to too many convictions being overturned. However, things started out rocky as she butts heads with the SVU team, particularly Detective Stabler. In the second episode "Sugar", she and Stabler get into a heated argument after Paxton calls the suspect's lawyer after he declines his right to counsel twice. In the fourth episode "Hammered", Paxton is prosecuting a case where a man drank heavily and murders the woman he met at the bar. The defense blames alcoholism for the murder during the trial. Intending to use a computer-generated video mockup of the crime, Paxton accidentally plays a version in which the defendant's face is superimposed onto the attacker. Paxton is embarrassed and meets Benson and Stabler at a bar where she is seen drinking. The following morning, she arrives 45 minutes late to the mistrial hearing, appearing distraught and blaming a "fender bender". Judge Moredock asked if she needed medical help, but the defendant pointed out that she was drunk. Judge Moredock ordered Benson to come with a breathalyzer, which revealed her blood alcohol level was .082, resulting in a mistrial. Moredock ordered Paxton to seek treatment, which prompted her departure. At the end of the episode, she returns to the SVU precinct and apologizes to the team, stating that she intends on making amends to each and every one of them.
She later appears in the season 11 episode "Turmoil", meeting ADA Cabot outside the courtroom after Cabot discovers she is being investigated by the state bar. Paxton tells her to watch out for Benson and Stabler, because they are only loyal to each other.
In season 12, Paxton makes a surprise return to SVU and served as the Executive ADA in the ninth episode ("Gray") to prove to the DA that she hadn't lost her 'winning ways'. Paxton and Stabler go at it again, with Stabler telling her to "go have a drink." In the seventeenth episode ("Pursuit"), she returns again to help out an old friend, Alicia Harding, who starts receiving personal threats from her stalker. Paxton tells the SVU squad that she has been working to find Harding's missing sister for decades as it was her case. She releases confidential case information to Harding, which puts Harding in danger. Benson and Tutuola go looking for Paxton at an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting to reprimand her for giving out the information. Benson makes a shocking discovery when entering the women's restroom as Paxton is bleeding out on the floor. As Benson tries to help her, Paxton says "It's okay, I got him," and she dies in Benson's arms. M.E. Warner discovers a hair in Paxton's throat, which she got by biting her attacker- which ultimately helped solve the case.
Portrayed by Sharon Stone
Episodes: "Torch" – "Shattered"
ADA Jo Marlowe is drafted by DA Jack McCoy in season 11 after ADA Alexandra Cabot takes a leave of absence to help rape victims in the Congo. She is a former police lieutenant and Detective Stabler's partner approximately four years before he paired with Detective Benson.[32] She first appears in the 21st episode of the season, "Torch", in which McCoy directs her to handle a case in which two young girls were killed in a fire. Stabler and Benson show up at the crime scene and Stabler is shocked to see his old partner and more surprised to know she now works for the DA's office. Benson believes Marlowe only took the job as SVU's ADA so that she could work with Stabler again.
In the following episode, "Ace", Marlowe and Captain Cragen clash over the way to handle a case in which a baby-trafficking ring is discovered and a young woman and her baby are in danger. Marlowe orders Benson and Stabler to catch the ring's leader in the act, while Cragen wants ESU to take the perp at his warehouse. Cragen remarks to Marlowe, "You're the boss in court counselor, not here." Marlowe leaves the precinct only to have Cragen follow her outside, where he reminds her of "why she really retired" back in 1995: when she was a lieutenant she had sent two undercover detectives who later died in an attempt to arrest a drive-by murderer. Marlowe responds it was a "Command decision." Cragen's detectives do arrest the ringleader, while Cragen saves the young woman in the warehouse. Marlowe is able to convict the leader by using his delivery doctor's testimony, which he delivered in the judge's chambers for protection.
In the season 11 finale, "Shattered", Marlowe is taken hostage, along with Detective Benson and Dr. Warner, in the morgue by a distraught mother of a dead boy. The mother shoots Dr. Warner and Benson and Marlowe must take action to save her life. In talking the mother down, Marlowe says she knows what it is like to be in pain as she reveals that she was diagnosed with an "aggressive" type of cancer and had a bilateral radical mastectomy a year before taking the job at SVU. Marlowe makes the mother drop the gun by picking up the dead boy and saying that he needs his mother and handing him to her. Marlowe is last seen looking increasingly upset. ADA Gillian Hardwicke replaces Marlowe as SVU's permanent ADA at the beginning of season 12.
Entertainment Weekly reviewed Stone's performance as a "great presence", and having "had to revive her best ... tone to sell hokey lines" in a series it described as "mawkish and overwrought."[33]
Portrayed by Francie Swift
Episodes: "Bullseye", "Behave", "Delinquent", "Smoked", and "Double Strands"
Sherri West is brought in as a temporary ADA to start season 12. West first appears in the second episode, where she is the prosecutor on a case where a pedophile hiding in plain sight is believed to have started going after young girls again. When the suspect is brutally beaten in the SVU holding cell by an officer, West assures the judge that violence against the defendant won't occur again. West next appeared in the third episode, "Behave", in which Detective Benson goes to the ends of the Earth for a rape victim named Vicki Sayers (Jennifer Love Hewitt) to ensure that Bill Harris (James Le Gros), her rapist, is put away.
West returned in the 23rd episode, "Delinquent". When SVU detectives find Hunter Mazelon (Sterling Beaumon) naked and asleep in a young woman's bed, West tells them that she can’t charge Hunter with a sex crime but he can be charged with burglary 1 and criminal trespass 2, among other charges. When Hunter says during his arraignment that Detective Stabler molested him after handcuffing him, West's case is in shambles since there was also no actual victim. West manages to get Mazelon to allocute, which he did falsely, but Stabler wished for West to call for a recess. Detectives Tutuola and Stabler commented about how they have been burning through ADAs and maybe West cut the deal to cover Stabler so that they would like her.
In the season 12 finale "Smoked", a rape victim was murdered days before her trial was set to start. West is called again and pushes Detectives Benson and Stabler to find the victim's murderer. Benson and Stabler, with West's help, discover the murder was orchestrated by the rapist, a friend, and a greedy ATF Agent. West did not manage to convict anyone because they were brutally killed by the victim's daughter in the SVU squad room, before Detective Stabler was forced to shoot her.
In the fourth episode of season 13, "Double Strands", Sherri West appears back in the SVU precinct, except as a defense attorney because they "offered her a better deal."
Portrayed by Melissa Sagemiller
Episodes: "Branded" – "Bombshell"
Gillian "Gill" Hardwicke was SVU's primary ADA in season 12. She was a Brooklyn ADA who transfers to Manhattan SVU due to her great admiration for detectives Benson and Stabler. She replaced Mikka Von (Paula Patton), who was fired after only one case with the SVU team. Hardwicke has a 92% conviction rate as she stated in her premiere episode, "Branded". She often gets into conflict over cases with Detectives Benson and Stabler; with Benson over a case where a woman was raped as a teenager and she began seeking revenge on her attackers, branding them with hot clothes hangers. She and Benson also clash when Vivian Arliss (Maria Bello)—who gave custody of her son Calvin (Charlie Tahan) to Olivia—is a suspect in a string of burglaries. Hardwicke and Stabler get into conflict over a case where presumably, a boy named Nicky Roberts, shot and killed his abusive stepfather; the case eventually dropped because both Nicky and his mother admit to killing him, evidence not proving one or the other. In "Penetration", Hardwicke convicts a man who raped FBI Agent Dana Lewis while she was undercover, at the request of Brian Ackerman (J. C. MacKenzie), who was angry at Lewis for killing his son Kyle in the season 7 episode "Raw".
In her final episode, "Bombshell", Hardwicke attempts to convict twin-siblings Cassandra (Rose McGowan) and Doug (Ryan Hurst)—who are actually in a sexual relationship—for their involvement in a man's brutal stabbing along with fraud crimes in New York and Miami. They are released on bail due to lack of evidence, which leads to Doug's murder by the man in love with Cassandra. Hardwicke is mentioned in the episode "Reparations" as Detective Tutuola says she is at a convention in Miami, before ADA Casey Novak returns as their temporary prosecutor. Sherri West then assumed the temporary ADA role for the final two episodes in season 12. It is unknown if Hardwicke ever returned to New York.
Melissa Sagemiller had previously been on SVU in season 1 episode "Russian Love Poem", in which Sagemiller played a victim. Sagemiller said about her character's personality: "She's tough... she has a heart, she just gets what she wants." Sagemiller also added, "She sticks to the letter of the law, sometimes to a fault, but in the end I think she always does the right thing."[34]
Portrayed by Linus Roache
Episodes: "Scorched Earth", "True Believers", "Lost Traveller", "Father's Shadow"
Executive ADA Michael Cutter from the final 3 seasons of Law & Order has been promoted to Bureau Chief ADA of the Special Victims unit, where he is supervising ADAs Alexandra Cabot and Casey Novak. Both Cabot and Novak were previously supervised by Bureau Chief ADA Elizabeth Donnelly, before she was elevated to judgeship in season 7. The season 13 premiere, "Scorched Earth", was Cutter's first appearance on SVU, in which he aided ADA Cabot in her prosecution of an Italian diplomat.
In "True Believers", Cutter takes the lead in a case where a college music student (Sofia Vassilieva) is raped at gunpoint by a drug dealer. Powerful defense attorney Bayard Ellis (Andre Braugher) played the "race card" defense and Cutter fails to get a guilty verdict on the case due to the fact that Detectives Tutuola & Rollins had a faulty identification by the victim by frisking three identical suspects, Detectives Benson & Amaro are not on the same page when Amaro sees the suspect sling a gun under his sofa while they attempt to arrest him in his home, and the victim's credibility being questioned because she had a one-night stand with her music instructor.
In the episode "Lost Traveller", ADA Cabot is forced to call on Cutter after defense attorney Marvin Exley demands her to "call her boss" to work out a deal. In "Father's Shadow", Cutter is the lead prosecutor when a reality show producer named Fred Sandow (Michael McKean) is accused of raping young first-time actresses. Cutter's office did not drop the charges, even when the producer's son took his girlfriend and her daughter hostage and demanded the charges dropped.
Portrayed by Harry Connick, Jr.
Episodes: "Official Story", "Father's Shadow", "Hunting Ground", "Justice Denied"
Executive Assistant District Attorney David Haden joins the show in the season 13, "Official Story", with a four-episode arc. Referred to as the executive assistant to the District Attorney, or the DA's "number two", Haden is a dedicated, straight-shooting prosecutor who is assigned a case with Detective Benson and the SVU squad when a powerful CEO of a private military contractor is confronted by Occupy Wall Street protesters and later found drugged and sexually assaulted in a park. There is more to the case than meets the eye and a much larger crime and conspiracy in Iraq is unveiled, with a rape occurring overseas and the rape kit being kept hidden. Haden and the SVU detectives are threatened by the CEO (portrayed by John Doman), but Haden dismisses the threat, telling Detective Benson, "This is what I live for." Although Benson is at first wary of Haden, they are both surprised to find they work well together. As the case develops, so does their relationship, as they share dinner and a kiss at the end of the episode.
In the following episode, "Father's Shadow", Haden offers to take Olivia to dinner but she respectfully declines, citing she was still on duty and joking there would be a possible conflict of interest. Later, Haden shows up at the scene of a hostage situation, in which Benson is trying to talk the teenage boy down. After Benson finally convinces the boy to give her the gun, Haden comforts her and offers to take her home. In "Hunting Ground", Haden and Benson's relationship furthers as they are shown on a date and later sleeping together.
In "Justice Denied", Haden becomes involved in an SVU case in which it appears that Benson had coerced a confession out of a man eight years earlier and the real rapist is attacking women again. After Defense Attorney Bayard Ellis questions their relationship and threatens to expose them, Haden and Benson have to decide how they are going to handle the case without having their judgement clouded. At the end of the episode after the real rapist had been caught and the wrongfully imprisoned man was released, Captain Cragen informs Benson that the District Attorney has decided to form a Conviction Integrity Unit to investigate past cases and ensure no one is wrongfully imprisoned. Cragen says that the DA's office will be starting with Sex Crimes and that Haden has been appointed as the Bureau Chief of the unit. Benson and Haden meet for drinks and decide that they have to end their relationship and pretend like it never happened.
In the 13th-season finale episode, "Rhodium Nights", Defense Attorney Marvin Exley (Ron Rifkin) tells Benson that Bureau Chief Haden may not be the person he's claiming to be, hinting that it's possible Haden is corrupt or dirty. It is revealed in the season 14 premiere that Haden's name came up on the wire tap in the investigation of an escort service war. At the end of the episode, after several members of the DA's office were arrested including Bureau Chief Paula Foster, Amaro tells Benson that Haden resigned from the office with Benson responding that he had nothing to do with it.
Portrayed by Raúl Esparza
Episodes: "Twenty-Five Acts" – present
Assistant District Attorney Rafael Barba is brought in at the behest of temporary SVU captain, Steven Harris (Adam Baldwin), when Barba requests a transfer from Brooklyn to Manhattan after he prosecutes two johns for raping a prostitute. Barba is a by-the-book headstrong prosecutor, who puts pressure on not only the detectives, but also the victims and witnesses. In his first case, he prosecutes a rape similar to a best selling erotic novel Twenty-Five Acts by Jocelyn Paley (Anna Chlumsky), who is the rape victim. Barba tells the detectives to uncover anything and everything about Paley and her attacker. After rushing to put Paley on the stand to testify, Barba and the detectives discover that Paley did not write the book, which forces Barba to get creative with the trial. When Barba exposes the defendant's viciousness by taunting him with a belt, the jury finds the defendant guilty.
ADA Barba goes head to head with the Suffolk County District Attorney, Pam James (Jane Kaczmarek), in the episode "Beautiful Frame", after a Manhattan rape victim is charged with murder of her ex-boyfriend in Suffolk County. Detective Benson questions the charges against the woman and gathers enough evidence for Barba to put another man on trial for the same murder, as Barba and James race to get a conviction before the other. Barba and the SVU detectives uncover a scandal within the Suffolk County DA's office, as one of James' investigators set the young woman up for the murder. Barba offers to spare James' office of more embarrassment as long as the investigator is convicted for the murder in Suffolk County.
In the episode, "Funny Valentine", Barba and the detectives have a tough time convincing pop star Micha Green to testify against her abusive boyfriend, hip-hop artist Caleb Bryant. After a shooting that kills her manager with Bryant as a suspect, Barba and Detective Benson convince Green to testify in the grand jury. But when she finally takes the stand, she tells Barba that her boyfriend was not at the scene and instead says Barba and Benson put those words in her mouth. After not being able to arrest Bryant, the couple flees on a vacation, where Green is ultimately found dead.
Towards the end of the fourteenth season, Barba becomes close with the squad, and they rely on his legal advice on many of their assigned cases. In the episode "Undercover Blue", Benson goes to Barba in an attempt to provide evidence that could potentially clear Cassidy's name. In the season finale "Her Negotiation", Rollins calls Barba in on a weekend for a class-B case, which turns into something more serious, which Barba takes to trial, but ultimately doesn't get his conviction.
Esparza was added to the opening credits in season 15, making Barba the squad's fourth full-time ADA.
