Portrayed by Isabel Gillies
Episodes: "Payback" – "Delinquent"
Kathy Stabler is Detective Elliot Stabler's wife: they got married when they were both 17. The two are separated for some time in seasons 6 through 8, but Kathy shows up in the squad-room in the season 8 finale "Screwed" and tells him that she needs him to come home because she is pregnant. In the season 9 episode "Paternity", Kathy and Detective Benson are involved in a car accident while Benson was helping Elliot by bringing Kathy to the doctor for a check-up. Kathy is pinned and unconscious when Benson wakes up and calls for help. Benson is tasked with helping EMS stabilize her as they cannot get into the car. Kathy is extracted from the car by firefighters and placed in the ambulance, where she goes into labor and delivers a baby boy before she becomes unconscious again. Elliot, who had been upstate retrieving a perp, arrives at the hospital and embraces Kathy and his new son, Elliot Jr. Kathy and Elliot have five children together: Maureen, Kathleen Louise, twins Richard ("Dickie") and Elizabeth ("Lizzie"), and Elliot Jr ("Eli").
Portrayed by Joel de la Fuente
Episodes: "Surveillance" – "Bully"
Ruben Morales is an officer in the NYPD's Technical Assistance Response Unit who aided the SVU squad with investigations that included computer or video evidence. He appeared in 52 episodes between seasons 3-12. In the Season 7 episode "Web", Morales takes a hands on approach in the investigation of an Internet pornography site. Due to his own guilt about his nephew's rape by an online predator, Morales beats one of the suspects up in the interrogation room, threatening the detectives' case.
Portrayed by Mike Doyle
Episodes: "Choice" – "Zebras"
Crime Scene Technician Ryan O'Halloran came in frequent contact with the SVU detectives when they investigated crime scenes of their victims. He appeared in 52 episodes between seasons 5-10. He was one of SVU's biggest allies until his death in the season 10 finale. He was murdered by CSU tech Dale Stuckey, who was trying to prevent O'Halloran from informing the detectives that he was the real killer of a defense attorney and young woman.
Portrayed by Robert John Burke.
Episodes: "Counterfeit" – present
Ed Tucker is an officer in the Internal Affairs Bureau of the NYPD who has frequently been assigned to question the SVU squad whenever there is an allegation of misconduct. He has appeared in 21 episodes throughout the duration of the series, starting with the season 3 episode "Counterfeit." He has opened numerous investigations on Detectives Stabler, Benson, Amaro, and Rollins and frequently feuded with Captain Cragen. Tucker was originally introduced as a Sergeant, but was later promoted to Lieutenant. Although he feuded with the squad for many years, Tucker slowly becomes an ally for Benson after she takes over for Cragen as squad commander. In the season 16 finale, "Surrendering Noah", he alerted Benson that 1PP will likely not consider promoting Amaro to Sergeant now that Benson, who looks to become SVU's Lieutenant, will need a Sergeant by her side. In the season 17 episode, "Townhouse Incident", Tucker, who has now been named the Captain of IAB, acts as the hostage negotiator when Benson is involved in a violent home invasion; he is selected as Benson's request and reveals that he was a negotiator prior to transferring to IAB. He and Benson are subsequently revealed to be in a romantic relationship when he tries to help her bust a sex trafficking ring with ties to the Catholic Church and his own cousin, a priest. In "Heartfelt Passages", Capt. Tucker announces his intention to Benson to transfer to the NYPD Emergency Response Unit's Hostage Negotiation Team.
As seen in "Heartfelt Passages", Capt. Tucker is a recipient of the US Flag Bar, World Trade Center Breast Bar, NYPD Meritorious Police Duty, NYPD Excellent Police Duty, and NYPD 150th Commemorative Breast Bar.
Portrayed by Charlayne Woodard
Episodes: "Silence", "Chameleon", "Loss", "Criminal", "Identity", "Pure", "Underbelly", "Smoked"
Sister Peg is a Catholic nun who lived and worked in New York City. Most of her work involved helping and protecting prostitutes, and as such, she sometimes came into contact with SVU Detectives Elliot Stabler and Olivia Benson. In the season 6 episode "Pure", she was kidnapped by the murderer that the SVU detectives were trying to capture after they came in contact in the SVU squad-room. She was beat up by a pimp named in the season 8 episode "Underbelly", after trying to help one of his girls. She was killed in the season 12 finale "Smoked" by the young girl who fired a gun in the SVU squad-room with the intention of killing the men in holding who murdered her mother.
Portrayed by Ernest Waddell
Episodes: "Haunted", "Strain", "Venom", "Outsider", "Screwed", "Conned", "Learning Curve", "Intersecting Lives"
Ken Randall is Detective Tutuola's son and is introduced in the season 6 episode, "Haunted", in which Tutuola is shot after trying to prevent a robbery. Prior to his appearance, Tutuola had mentioned several times that he had a son. Ken reveals to his father that he is openly gay in the season 7 episode, "Strain". In the season 7 episode, "Venom", Ken is arrested after he was found digging in a vacant lot while he was intoxicated. It is discovered that Ken was searching for the woman and baby that his half-brother, Darius, said he had killed. This puts heat on Tutuola within the squad, as he fights to exonerate his son and prove that Darius is a murderer. When Darius cons SVU into getting his confession without his lawyer present, the case continues in the season 8 finale, "Screwed". Ken returns to try to help his father and the rest of the detectives find evidence to convict Darius. While being questioned on the stand, Ken's mother is forced to reveal that Darius was a product of rape by her own father. In the season 13 episode, "Learning Curve", Ken asks for Sergeant Munch's help in revealing to his father that he is getting married. But before Ken is able to tell his father, his fiance is brutally attacked. While at the hospital, Munch tells Tutuola that the man is Ken's fiance, which makes Tutuola determined to find the attackers. Eventually, Alejandro recovers from his injuries and he and Ken are married. As of "Intersecting Lives", Ken and Alejandro are expecting a child, having found a surrogate; to Ken's surprise and relief, Fin is excited about becoming a grandfather.
Portrayed by Marcia Gay Harden
Episodes: "Raw", "Informed", "Penetration" & "Secrets Exhumed"
FBI Agent Dana Lewis, who first introduced in the season 7 episode "Raw" while working undercover to bring down a white supremacist group as "Star Morrison". Lewis (while undercover as Star) slaps Munch and calls him "kike" as a part of her cover, prompting her arrest for assaulting a police officer. She's forced to blow her cover and reveal herself as a Federal Agent during the trial against the group's leader when she shoots and kills the leader's son before he could kill Stabler. She tries to apologize for her actions after the case is over, but Munch holds no grudge. Agent Lewis specializes in undercover work, often working under assumed identities for weeks or even months at a time. While working undercover, she uses the name Star Morrison and speaks with a Southern accent (though the actress herself is not from the South). In the season 8 premiere "Informed", she shows up in New York again when Detective Benson is hounding her eco-terrorism informant to tell her about her rape. Lewis and Benson must find the informant after she goes missing and stop her from conducting a terrorist bombing. Lewis mentions to Benson that she calls her informant "Peggy Sue" because she reminds Lewis of her baby sister, Margaret. In her last appearance, Lewis tells Benson and Stabler that her family (husband and children) is currently living in Europe to protect them from criminals who attempt to retaliate against her. One of these criminals, the leader of the aforementioned supremacist group, ordered a fellow inmate to attack and rape her in the season 12 episode "Penetration". Elliot Stabler has been injured each time she has worked with them, by gunshot in season 7, by explosives in season 8, and by gunshot again in season 12 which was the only injury she was directly responsible for. Stabler half-jokingly refers to her as a "jinx", saying "[he's] nearly been killed" every time Lewis shows up; she counters his remarks by saying that maybe she is his "good luck charm", as he's survived every injury during their three episodes together.
In the season 14 episode, "Secrets Exhumed", Agent Lewis returns to partner with SVU when she believes that a Manhattan cold case is connected to several rape-homicides across the country. Lewis beats Detectives Benson and Amaro to the Miami correctional facility where the detectives were supposed to rearrest the suspect, a handicapped man, who was being released after completing his stint for another crime. Lewis accompanies Benson and Amaro back to Manhattan, where she observes the interrogation and pleads with Captain Cragen to let her have a shot at the suspect after the detectives could not get the man to admit to killing the fifth victim. When Cragen obliges, Lewis sweats the suspect into admitting he was at the scene when the victim was murdered. Amaro begins to question the confession when the boyfriend of the victim comes to the precinct and Lewis says that he was an old friend from when they date in college at Tulane University. Pieces of the confession begin to fall apart as Munch and Rollins finds evidence missing in the cold case file and the boyfriend of the victim admits to having a romantic relationship with Agent Lewis. Amaro then gets the suspect to recant his confession and Lewis begins to seem increasingly panicked. Cragen gets Lewis to believe that the handicapped suspect had an accident and he will be awhile before her and Benson could re-interview him. As Benson begins to ask Lewis questions, Lewis realizes that Benson's questioning seemed interrogation-like. Benson and Amaro begin to ask Lewis pressing questions about the nature of Lewis' relationship with the victim and her boyfriend at the time. They get her to admit they had a several-month-long romantic relationship, which subsequently got Lewis pregnant. After he forced Lewis to get an abortion, she found out that he asked the victim to marry him. Lewis, in tears, admits she went to the victim's home, and after the victim taunted Lewis with the fact he asked her to marry her, she says she blacked out. She says that when she came to, the girl was dead. She tells Benson, who is clearly shocked and distraught, that she is so sorry. Cragen enters the room with a pair of handcuffs and tells Lewis she is under arrest for the murder. Amaro grabs the handcuffs and takes her into custody. Resigned to her fate, she cooperates, repeatedly saying, "I understand," as tears continue rolling down her cheeks.
Portrayed by Vincent Spano.
Episodes: "Infiltrated", "Florida", "Screwed", "Savant", & "Spooked"
FBI Agent Dean Porter worked with Detective Benson as her handler during her stint undercover in an Oregon eco-terrorist group during season 8. When a man is murdered with ties to the group EDGE, it's discovered he was a pedophile by Benson, working under the name Persephone James, who is investigating the crime as a civilian. After Benson uncovers the pedophile nest and deduces that a girl is missing, Porter blows Benson's cover after she was arrested by local police. Benson convinces Porter to help her search for the girl even though Porter was aggravated with Benson and her obsession on finding the girl. But when they find the victim and she confesses to why she killed her rapist, Porter understands why Benson is passionate for working sex crimes.[40]
Porter returns later in the season 8 episode "Florida" after Benson gives Simon Marsden (Michael Weston) money, who she had just discovered was her half-brother. Marsden was being looked at by River Park, NJ police on suspicion of rape. Porter wanted to arrest Benson for helping Marsden, so he offered her a deal, no jail time if she helped Porter catch him. Marsden flees after a meet with Olivia when he felt something was wrong and Porter let Olivia go as he had no direct evidence of her helping Simon. After they finally find Marsden holding the River Park Police Captain hostage, it is discovered that the Captain is setting Marsden up, and Porter decides to drop charges the FBI had against Marsden. Porter returns a few episodes later in the episode "Screwed", when the SVU squad is under fire due to Fin's stepson Darius (Ludacris) being on trial for murder. Porter is trying not to be subpoenaed by the defense to avoid having to give dirt on Detective Benson. At the end of the episode as everything is unraveling for the SVU squad, Benson convinces Porter to tell IAB about his involvement with her and her brother.[41]
Porter returns in the season 9 episode "Savant" when SVU is working on a case where a girl with Williams syndrome heard her mother being beaten and raped. Her father Ben Nicholson (Aidan Quinn) is being eyed by the FBI for extortion and other federal crimes and Porter is upset with SVU for running interference with the FBI's case against Nicholson. Porter returned in season 11's "Spooked" to work a case with SVU where two people were killed, their killer leaving a rape tree. Benson and Stabler believed the case was a drug-deal gone bad with involvement from a Mexican drug cartel. It is revealed Porter knew who the killer was all along as the victim's roommate Terri Baines (Paola Mendoza) was working with the FBI as undercover intelligence agent. Porter tried to take over the investigation several times, going so far as having the Special Victims Unit's telephones tapped to keep tabs on the case. Porter has not been seen since.
Portrayed by Michael Weston.
Episodes: "Philadelphia", "Florida", "Screwed", "Child's Welfare"
Simon Marsden is Detective Benson's half-brother whom she discovers through a DNA kinship analysis. He caused extensive trouble throughout season 8 for Olivia and the entire squad after Olivia seeks him out at his New Jersey home. She discovers he is being investigated by police for stalking, but in the season 8 episode "Florida", it is revealed he is being set up by the police captain after Simon holds her hostage. Because of Benson's involvement with a "fugitive", she is suspended for some time, which is made known in the season 9 premiere "Alternate." Simon makes his return in season 13, when he pleads with Detective Benson to help him after his children are removed by the city (Benson is visibly shaken when Simon says that their father was a better parent to him, than he was to his own kids). Benson enlists attorney Bayard Ellis to act as Simon's lawyer, but she is shocked when Captain Cragen alerts her that Simon has kidnapped the children from foster care.
Portrayed by Andre Braugher
Episodes: "True Believers", "Spiraling Down", "Child's Welfare", "Justice Denied", "Monster's Legacy", "Perverted Justice"
Defense Attorney Bayard Ellis is introduced in season 13's "True Believers." He is said to be a high-powered defense attorney who has turned his attention to the underprivileged and minorities, which in turn makes him a civil rights champion. In "True Believers", he defends a black man who is on trial for attacking a girl in her apartment, and cites poor police procedure and the victim's creditably to get a not guilty verdict. At the close of this episode, he has a discussion with Detective Benson on the steps of the courthouse. After Benson blasts him for shaming the young girl on the stand, he tells her that she needs an escape and gives her his card, telling her to come by one of his daughter's softball games. In the episode "Spiraling Down", Benson gives Ellis' card to the defendant's wife, whose husband is former football star who suffers from diminished capacity. He defends the former football star and receives a not guilty verdict. Benson also calls on Ellis when her half-brother is in need of legal help after his kids have been removed by the city. Benson and Ellis have become close, which creates conflict in the episode "Justice Denied", as Ellis defends a man who Benson coerced a confession out of eight years earlier. Executive ADA David Haden, the prosecutor who is re-investigating the case and Benson's love interest, is confronted by Ellis about their relationship and threatens to expose them if they didn't do the right thing. Benson asks Ellis to give her some time to find the real rapist, which she does, or she will tell the District Attorney about her relationship with EADA Haden. Ellis returns in the season 14 episode, "Monster's Legacy", when Detective Benson asks him to look into the case of Reggie Rhodes (Mike Tyson), who is scheduled to be executed after being convicted of murder in Ohio. Benson is able to get Rhodes to admit that he was abused when he was a child by the head of a camp in New York, which allows Ellis to argue that Rhodes' original defense attorney never presented that during the trial. Ellis uncovers a massive cover up by the lead prosecutor in the original case, who withheld photographic evidence of Rhodes being sexually assaulted by the man he murdered. Ellis subsequently convinces the judge to spare Rhodes from execution. Ellis is next seen in the season 16 episode, "Perverted Justice", when he comes to Benson and SVU asking them to reinvestigate a case he is working for Project Innocence. With the help of the now-retired Captain Cragen, Ellis is able to vacate the original charge against his client for raping his daughter decades earlier.
Portrayed by Laura Benanti
Episodes: "Spiraling Down" – "Above Suspicion", "Military Justice", "Thought Criminal"
Detective Amaro's wife, Maria, is introduced in the season 13 episode "Spiraling Down". She is serving in the armed forces and stationed in Iraq. In "Spiraling Down", Amaro video chats with her about the father of a victim in one of his cases, who served overseas with her. They have somewhat of a tense conversation, as she does not like the tone he is using with her, after he asked why he has never heard of this man. After returning to New York City in the episode "Official Story", she heads back overseas on a new assignment. In the episode "Valentine's Day", she is once again back in New York and shows up in the squad room after Amaro was late for their Valentine's Day dinner. At the end of this episode, Amaro watches his wife enter an unknown brownstone, and he has the increased suspicion that she is having an affair. In the following episode, "Street Revenge", Amaro sees her meet for lunch with the same military friend who appeared in "Spiraling Down". Amaro drives to Philadelphia, where her friend lives, punches him, and tells him to stay away from his wife. Maria discovers this and comes into the squad room in a rage, knocking folders off his desk. They begin to argue in front of the squad, until Cragen tells Amaro, "not here", and they go into the bunk room. Amaro reveals his suspicion and she says that she is not having an affair and that the brownstone he saw her enter was her psychiatrist, before she storms out of the room. In the season 14 premiere, after Amaro delays talking to her about their issues, he finally begins to apologize when she tells him that she has taken a job in Washington, D.C. and she is taking their daughter with her.
Portrayed by Pablo Schreiber
Episodes: "Her Negotiation" — "American Tragedy", "Psycho/Therapist", "Beast's Obsession", "Post-Mortem Blues"
William Lewis is a serial rapist and murderer who had gotten away with numerous counts of rape and murder because of mistakes in the system made by different police jurisdictions. In the season 14 finale, Benson and ADA Barba pursue justice for Lewis' victims and attempt to get him locked up for good; but again, Lewis walks on a technicality. He later breaks into Detective Benson's apartment and tortures her before later abducting her to torture and rape her at an isolated location, killing a traffic cop and his own defense attorney's parents in his travel. Eventually the police catch up to Lewis and Benson, after Benson managed to break free of her restraints and incapacitate him. Lewis is shipped off to a hospital and is later charged and brought to trial (SVU: "Psycho/Therapist") for his assault and abduction of Benson. Lewis represents himself and maneuvers to force Benson to take the stand and tell everyone what he did to her and what she did to him; crippling him in one leg, damaging numerous internal organs, and even deafening him in one ear, after she had already handcuffed him to a bed post. Benson lies and denies that she had him restrained, that he had broken free and she had to harm him to subdue him; this drives Lewis into a rage during his cross testimony with her. Lewis is found not guilty on the rape charge but guilty on the abduction charge, as well as assault on a police officer. He goes away to prison but before the trial ends, he bribes a juror to use drugged baked goods for them to make him sick and have a way to make a jailbreak. Lewis then pursues Benson again, killing and raping people in his path and abducting a little girl, Amelia Cole (Lily Pilblad) to make Benson come to him at an abandoned quarry where he abducts her again. He is about to attempt to rape Benson again, but when he sees that Benson isn't going to fight with him like before (because Olivia would rather have Lewis rape her than Amelia, who was tied up), he decides to force her to play a game of Russian roulette with him, involving the SVU and police searching for Benson, letting them listen in on their radios. It winds up where Olivia has to take the last bullet, thinking he is about to kill her; he stands beside her and quickly shoots himself in the head with his left hand which causes reasonable doubt, making Internal Affairs believe Benson shot and killed Lewis, but the charges against Benson are later dropped. The last thing Lewis tells Benson is that his death will be the last thing she'd see. At the Kings County morgue, Benson asks if she can take one last look at Lewis' dead body before he's rolled back into the cooler.
In subsequent seasons, Lewis's name becomes a kind of code for an intensely dangerous situation and Benson reveals that her trauma and ordeal with him will always be a part of her. During a heated exchange with Amaro, he pointedly asks her whether she can ever forgive Lewis; she does not answer and he apologizes.
Portrayed by Peter Gallagher
Episodes: "Holden's Manifesto", "Pornstar's Requiem", "Pattern Seventeen", "Forgiving Rollins", "Institutional Fail", "Maternal Instincts"
The newly appointed Deputy Chief of the Special Victims Units in all five boroughs, Dodds is Sergeant (later Lieutenant) Benson's politically-savvy commanding officer. A former homicide detective, he is often hard on Benson and her squad, most notably during their early interactions, but ultimately respects the work that they do and frequently backs them up to the NYPD brass. He assisted the squad during their investigation into Atlanta PD Deputy Chief Charles Patton (Harry Hamlin), who was accused of assaulting one of his own detectives in a New York City hotel, by personally interviewing Patton in the interrogation room. In season 17, he names his son, Mike (Andy Karl), Manhattan SVU's new sergeant, and is devastated by his death in a domestic violence dispute between a corrupt corrections officer (Brad Garrett) and his wife.
As seen in "Heartfelt Passages", Dep. Chf. Dodds is a recipient of the US Flag Bar.
Dodds is currently the first major character in any Law & Order series to portray an NYPD officer holding the rank of Deputy Chief. Almost every prior portrayal of NYPD senior officers above the rank of Captain has been that of three-star Bureau Chiefs, the four-star Chief of Department or First Deputy Commissioner, or the Commissioner of the NYPD.
Detective Kenneth "Ken" Briscoe, portrayed by Chris Orbach (season 1) is the nephew of 27th Homicide Precinct detective, Lennie Briscoe (Jerry Orbach, Chris is his son). Ken Briscoe was more of an extra detective in the SVU precinct, consulting on cases with Detectives Benson, Stabler, Munch, and Jefferies. He was in the episode "Entitled" with his uncle, Lennie. It's been unknown what happened to Ken Briscoe as his last on-screen episode was "Contact". The character was set to return after more than twelve years in the season 14 episode "Manhattan Vigil" in flashback scenes. However, during final editing of the episode, Dick Wolf reported the character's scenes had been removed.
NYPD Commissioner Lyle Morris, portrayed by John Driver (episodes: "Limitations" & "Wrong Is Right") was the police commissioner of the NYPD. Captain Cragen's career gets put on the line as Morris wants a quick close to a cold case for a victim where there is an unknown rapist but his DNA is in the system, logged as "John Doe 121". Morris also has an assistant district attorney, Alexandra Cabot (Stephanie March), placed with the unit after the results of two SVU detectives' psych evaluations are called into question. The shrink citing Detective Stabler "fantasizes" about killing suspects and that Detective Jefferies was having a consensual sexual relationship with a rape suspect from a previous case.
Harper Anderson, portrayed by Tracy Pollan (episodes: "Closure" & "Closure, Part II") was a rape victim who could only describe her attack in detail, the detectives revisit the case a few months later, they find that Anderson is even less willing to talk about what happened, as she claims she has moved on. Anderson returns, as a "wilder" woman when Benson investigates a sexual assault very similar to Harper Anderson's. Harper "shadows" her alleged attacker, Kenneth Cleary (Neil Maffin) and reports his activities to the police, Harper initially showing ill-will towards his wife (Evy O'Rourke) but it only stems from her anger at him. In the end, either she or Cleary's wife shoots Kenneth Cleary and tries to clean up the mess, bleach ruining the gunshot residue test.
Bureau Chief Muldrew, portrayed by John Schuck (episodes: "Outcry", "Haunted", "Storm", "Screwed", "Signature", "Inconceivable", "Anchor", "Shadow") is the NYPD Chief of Detectives who served as Captain Cragen's commanding officer.
NYPD Narcotics Detective Mike Sandoval, portrayed by Nicholas Gonzalez (episodes: "Haunted" & "Ghost") replaced Detective Tutuola's partner at his old narcotics precinct. Sandoval is more brains and procedure than brawn and even loose cannon, compared to Tutuola. Sandoval helps Tutuola find the grandson of a woman who he almost had to kill undercover. The child was with a junkie who set his mother up for murder and then stole him to use as a front in her scheme to boost materials for her meth lab. Sandoval later comes back to help a boy confront the man who killed his parents in cold blood, the killer also tried to kill ADA Cabot.
Dr. Amy Soleway, portrayed by Marlee Matlin (episodes: "Painless" & "Parts" ) is a hearing-impaired embryologist. Her website encouraged a woman (portrayed by Karen Young) to kill herself by putting a bag over her head and handcuffing herself to her bed, but failed after being found by two maids. The woman claims she was raped, and later commits suicide by medication overdose. Munch tells Soleway about what his father did when he was a child; Munch's father committed suicide after arguing with his son. (The last words Munch ever said to him were "I hate your guts!" This has haunted Munch his entire life.) Soleway falls ill and needs a kidney transplant, but a father buys a kidney on the black market for his son Kyle McGovern (Tyler James Williams), versus having him wait on the transplant list. Soleway was next on the list, but she decided to give the kidney to McGovern. Prior to that, Munch almost got Dr. Soleway her kidney transplant by buying a kidney off the black market for her.
Darius Parker, portrayed by Chris "Ludacris" Bridges (episodes: "Venom" & "Screwed") is Detective Tutuola's ex-wife, Terry's (Lisa Gay Hamilton) son. Parker murdered and buried a young woman and, also, buried her baby alive several years prior to telling Fin's son and his cousin (who it's later discovered, is actually his brother), Ken (Ernest Waddell), about the incident in a local bar called "The Deuce". Ken is almost charged with the crime himself, but later cleared by a DNA test, which led Detectives to discover that it's actually Darius who is the killer. This stems from Parker learning about his paternity, by his dying grandmother's death bed confession. Parker bluffed the police by showing them the bodies and signing a confession before telling Captain Cragen and Detective Munch about him having a court date soon. The case is thrown out of court because it violated Darius's right to counsel; but eventually Novak gathers enough evidence and witnesses to get the case back in court. Darius admitting that he wanted revenge on Fin and his family, the NYPD, and the district attorney's office. Parker and his lawyer conspire with other crooked cops in the chief of detective's office to uncover the personal lives of the SVU detectives and their ways of making issues go away, such as: Stabler's daughter Kathleen's DUI, Olivia's illegally money-wiring to her half-brother Simon Marsden, and Fin's career in the past with the NYPD and his family. After initially disagreeing to testify, then attempting to flee, and later being found in contempt of court, Tutuola's ex, Terry, eventually confessed that she didn't want Darius because she was raped by her father; Darius becomes angry and in denial of the facts Terry finally confessed to. Darius is found not guilty of raping and killing the woman and her baby and the case is dismissed; Fin tells Darius he won't be looking for him.
Captain Julia Millfield, portrayed by Kim Delaney (episodes: "Philadelphia" & "Florida") is the commanding officer of the sex crimes unit in River Park, NJ. She goes after Detective Benson and her biological half-brother Simon, she blamed Simon for her younger sister's rape, which was really done by Millfield's father. She set Simon up for some local sexual assaults by taking hair from a hair brush and planting them in a victim's underwear, she also bought a car that matches Simon's and tried to run over Benson to make it appear Simon tried to kill her. In a standoff with the police and the FBI, Simon shoots Millfield and the only way the standoff ends is when Millfield finally confessed to what she had done. She placed all the blame on Simon because she was in denial that her father could go to such lengths. Millfield is taken to a hospital after the shooting and her command gets taken away from her.
Detective Wesley Meadows portrayed by Robert Turano (episodes: "Cold" & "Perverted") was Detective Chester Lake's partner from Brooklyn SVU, Meadows tells Detectives Benson and Stabler about the cold case Lake kept holding on too, where Lake winds up shooting a fellow police officer. Meadows is later seen giving Stabler information about a biker gang that somehow has a connection with Benson, Meadows assures Stabler that Benson isn't dirty. Benson became the prime suspect of a biker's castration due to a fabricated DNA match, Benson set up by a man she put in prison a few years back for raping numerous women. The actor who portrays Meadows, Robert Turano has had three different roles on SVU prior to playing Detective Meadows; he portrayed DEA Agent Frayne in "Ghost", Alfonso Corrales in "Juvenile", and a sergeant named Fuller in "Pique".
Christine Danielson, portrayed by Gloria Reuben (episodes: "Snitch", "Merchandise" & "Dirty") is the Homicide Bureau Chief ADA (a role Cabot had a year prior, in Conviction) prosecuting a case in which a Nigerian polygamist's wife is killed, and the husband fears that his testifying in a crime may have led to his wife's demise. Danielson returns in the twelfth season, this time as an Assistant U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of New York. To assist in the first conviction of a child trafficking case in the New York area, she deputizes Benson and Stabler as U.S. marshals. Danielson returns again in the season, to help Benson investigate the murder of a corrupt Brooklyn ADA.
Vivian Arliss, portrayed by Maria Bello (episodes: "Trophy" & "Rescue") is a woman Detective Benson comes across after a woman is raped and dumped in a laundry chute. Her rapist kept trophies and DNA links to Arliss's mother who was raped by her biological father. Vivian was a recovering alcoholic and junkie until Benson told her about her biological father who was a rapist. In a downward spiral, Arliss turns custody of her son Calvin (Charlie Tahan) over to Detective Benson in search of Calvin's father. Arliss returns a month later, falling in love and living with another junkie named Sarah, she and Arliss taking on a thieving vice in the process. Arliss is initially brought up on charges but in the process she finds Calivn's biological father, who kills Vivian's friend Sarah after she gets out of court. Arliss gets custody of Calvin revoked from Benson and he's placed with Vivian's parents while Vivian tries to get help getting clean. In the episode "Missing Pieces", Calvin however is still in touch with Benson.
Bureau Chief ADA Paula Foster, portrayed by Paget Brewster (episodes: "Lost Reputation" & "Above Suspicion") is the Bureau Chief ADA of the Public Integrity Unit in the DA's office. She is in charge of the homicide case against Captain Cragen and installs an interim captain to the Special Victims Unit while Cragen is suspended. After a rocky start, she develops a relationship with Benson and seems committed to not rushing to judgement in the Cragen case. When she makes a shocking decision to drop the murder charge on Cragen, but charge him with several other crimes, Benson and the SVU detectives dig into her finances to see she's being paid by one of the people involved in the escort service case. Benson subsequently arrests Foster, which allows charges to be dropped against Cragen.[39][42]
Captain Steven Harris, portrayed by Adam Baldwin (episodes: "Lost Reputation", "Above Suspicion", "Twenty-Five Acts") is the Special Victims Unit interim captain who is installed by the Public Integrity Bureau Chief ADA Paula Foster for the first three episodes of the 14th season while Cragen is suspended.[43] A by-the-book commanding officer, Harris warns the SVU detectives not to investigate Cragen's murder case, which they ignore, and criticizes the way Detective Tutuola dresses, citing the business attire dress code. When Detective Cassidy is shot while undercover in a hit arranged by his own boss, Harris backs Olivia during the Internal Affairs investigation. In "Twenty-Five Acts", Harris gives a nod to Amaro's request to work a case solo, pairing Benson with Rollins. He departs at the end of the episode, as Captain Cragen returns from suspension.
Carissa Gibson, portrayed by Pippa Black (episodes: "Rhodium Nights" & "Lost Reputation") is a prostitute who works for Ganzel and appears mysteriously murdered in the bed of Captain Donald Cragen.
Kim Rollins, portrayed by Lindsay Pulsipher (episodes: "Friending Emily", "Deadly Ambition", ""Maternal Instincts") is Detective Amanda Rollins' sister, who comes to New York in the season 14 episode, "Friending Emily". She frequently interrupts Amanda while she is working an abduction case, and at the end of the episode, Amanda draws her gun on Kim's ex-boyfriend, who is in her apartment with Kim, telling him to get out. Later in the episode "Deadly Ambition", Kim returns to New York, beaten and pregnant with her ex-boyfriend's baby. When Amanda hears screams from inside her apartment, she finds Kim's ex-boyfriend attacking Kim, and Amanda shoots the man as he pulls a gun on her. After her initial interview with IAB Lt. Tucker, Kim changes her story to further implicate Amanda, including revealing a life insurance policy on the ex-boyfriend with Amanda's name on it. Kim says she did it to make it look like an accident, but it leads to Amanda's arrest. When Detective Amaro records Kim admitting to him that she set Amanda up, IAB drops the charges against Amanda and pursues Kim for the murder, only to find she has skipped town. Kim returns in season 17, as a suspect in an assault and robbery of a musician. Her criminal involvement coincides with their mother being in New York to throw Amanda a baby shower. Their mother sides with Kim, as they blame Amanda for her getting arrested and charged.
