Throughout the series, Mac has shown that he will protect three things at any cost: The honor of his country (through his military service), the safety of his city (through his work at CSI), and the integrity of his lab (by suspending or firing workers who fail to abide by the rules). Strict but fair with his colleagues, his "follow the book" approach, perhaps due to his military background, has sometimes put him in conflict with those working under him, as shown in instances where he was forced to take disciplinary actions against Danny, Sheldon, Stella and Adam for going against protocol, but also trusts his team and has repeatedly defended them from unfair criticism by the bureaucracy.
Mac is portrayed as a workaholic and is frequently seen working late into the night, after all the staff and his team have gone home. It is partly due to his insomnia and also his desire and dedication to bring criminals to justice.
Mac believes that committing a crime is never justifiable regardless of the circumstances. This was especially evident in the Season 6 episode "Blacklist" when the murderer, who was dying of lung cancer and murdered the healthcare professionals he felt were responsible for his condition, attempted to gain Mac's sympathy by mentioning Mac's father, who died of small-cell lung cancer. Mac refuses and retorts at the suspect, telling him "If you have a message, write your congressman."
Mac believes in following the evidence, not trusting to intuition. He looks at a crime scene (and often the world) with Veneziano’s theory of quantum physics in mind: Everything is connected. In Mac's mind, if he and his team can just figure out the connections, then they can solve the crime.
While Mac typically displays a somber and serious demeanor, he does have a lighter side; he teases Sheldon Hawkes in episode 2.02 "Grand Murder at Central Station," by telling the young CSI, who is taking a quick lunch break, that "eating is frowned upon," and Lindsay Monroe discovers that he plays bass guitar in a jazz club when he is off-duty.[13] Mac also is shown playing bass in the episode 4.04 "Time's Up", after receiving a goodbye letter from Peyton.
