Towards the end of the 6th season Mac commences a relationship with ER Doctor and Air Force Reservist Aubrey Hunter played by Mädchen Amick, who when visiting the NYPD crime lab was impressed when she found out that Mac had served in the US Marine Corps. However, she did not feature in the 7th season. Mac first meets Aubrey in his local Deli.
In dealing with the younger members of his team, Mac is strict and does not hesitate to suspend them if they are found to be in a conflict of interest or becoming too emotionally attached to a case, such as when Aiden Burn was pursuing the DJ Pratt rape case and when Hawkes did not report a personal conflict of interest when his ex-girlfriend was a subject in one of Mac's investigations.
Mac had a close friendship with fellow detective Stella Bonasera and was suitably concerned when she was held hostage in her own apartment by her deranged boyfriend, Frankie Mala, in 2.21 "All Access" and eventually forced to kill him. After she is discharged from the hospital, he "orders" her to take some time off and get counseling before coming back to work. He once tells Stella he wouldn't do this job without her.[8] The two exchange Christmas and birthday presents, and because of this, Stella is mistaken to be Claire Conrad by Reed Garrett when she leaves Mac's home after giving him his birthday present.[5] Mac is also the first person Stella tells about the possibility that she may be infected with HIV (episode 3.17, "The Ride In"). She also informs the press that there is no one inside or outside her profession that she trusts more than Mac Taylor.
Danny Messer has developed a deep trust in him. In Season 2 the team began investigating an old murder case after remains dating over a decade ago were found in a football field and tied to a street gang Danny and his older brother Louie once ran with when Danny was a youngster. Danny denies having any connection with the remains and Mac displays his trust in him by telling him "I believe you".[15] Louie is later beaten up as retribution and Mac is the first person Danny confides in. Danny, however, is the last to find out about the romance between Mac and Peyton (episode 3.16, "Heart of Glass"). Mac was a witness at Danny's marriage ceremony to Lindsay Monroe[16] and the godfather of their daughter Lucy.[17]
In season three, he is revealed to have been dating Dr. Peyton Driscoll, one of the medical examiners. His relationship with Peyton has not been easy; his insistence that they keep their relationship under wraps at the lab conflicts with her desire to be less secretive about them. A particularly tense moment occurs during episode 3.11 "Raising Shane" when, during a debate about the state of their relationship, Mac accidentally calls Peyton "Claire", which causes her to walk out on him (somewhat ironic in light of Peyton being played by actress Claire Forlani). The two reconcile with a hug in the lab in the next episode (3.12 "Silent Night"). Later, by episode 3.16 "Heart of Glass", Mac and Peyton have evidently openly acknowledged their relationship, when they show up together at a crime scene on Mac's day off because Peyton is on call as the Medical Examiner. Danny Messer, who has already arrived on scene as the CSI, says he thought Mac had the day off. Mac confirms this, but says that Peyton was on call & he is with her. Danny then asks Mac, "So am I the last one to hear about this?" To which Mac replies, "I guess so". Danny asks if Don Flack knows, and Mac confirms that he does. This seems to indicate that Danny is indeed the last to know about the relationship, and no one at the lab has expressed any reservations about it. In 3.24 "Snow Day", Peyton invited Mac to go with her to England while she's there for a medical examiners conference. She wants him to use ten days of the seven weeks of vacation time he has accumulated. At first Mac is uncertain if he wants to go, but after the events in the episode take place, he informs his teammates that he is going to England with Peyton. However, Mac returns to New York without Peyton at the start of season 4, and at the end of the 4th episode, "Time's Up", he receives a letter from her saying that she has decided to stay in London with her family and that a long-distance relationship would never work, because "however close we may be, there would always be an ocean between us." Mac seeks solace in his bass guitar in a jazz bar.
Mac's relationship with former M.E. and junior CSI Sheldon Hawkes is amicable for the first two seasons. However, in episode 3.07 "Murder Sings the Blues," Hawkes tries to make sure he stays on a case by not informing Mac of his relationship to the victim in one of their cases; however, Mac feels betrayed when Peyton inadvertently reveals Hawkes' secret, and Mac dresses him down in front of the entire lab and pulls him from the case. They reconciled in episode 3.09 "Here's To You, Mrs. Azrael", when Mac confides to Hawkes about his father's final agonizing months dying from cancer. When Hawkes is falsely accused in a robbery-homicide, Mac puts his career on the line to help his friend, locking himself in the interrogation room with Sheldon to question him, even though his team had been removed from the case (episode 3.11 "Raising Shane").
Mac and NYPD Detective Don Flack share a deep mutual respect and friendship, despite their very different temperaments. This trust becomes strained when Mac discovers that one of Flack's detectives is dirty. Mac asks for Flack's memo book to determine which officer was the culprit. Despite Flack's unwillingness to believe that one of his men is corrupt, he eventually capitulates and turns over the notebook.[5] Their relationship remains tense for several episodes until they confront the issue in episode 3.10 "Sweet 16". When Mac locks himself in the interrogation room to talk freely with wrongly-accused Sheldon Hawkes, Flack defends Mac to his Captain, saying that they'd do the same for each other (episode 3.11 "Raising Shane"). Flack and Mac argue again briefly when a serial killer is released from prison thanks to the aforementioned arrest of the detective, but they quickly put aside their differences to catch the murderer and put him away for good (episode 3.21 "Past Imperfect").
During the final episode of the first season Mac is seen talking to a woman who later asks him for a drink, she meets him again and the episode ends.
In the first half of season 3, Mac met Reed Garrett, the child that Claire relinquished for adoption before she met Mac. They met when Mac caught him following Stella, who Reed mistakenly believed to be his mother. Mac offers him his business card and asks for a chance to get to know him, but is initially turned down. In spite of Reed's reluctance to keep in touch with Mac, Mac still reaches out to him. At Thanksgiving, Mac visits Reed at his adoptive parents' home and gives him photos of Claire. (The pictures of Claire are actually given to Reed when Mac has invited him for burgers and gets a call, Mac asks Reed to "hold on to these for me.") Later, Reed turns to Mac after the young man is brutally beaten because of an article he is writing for the college newspaper.[7]
During season 4 we discover that Reed has become a blogger and has a very popular column. He visits and calls Mac often wanting the latest scoop on the "Cabbie Killer." Mac refuses to give him information that has not been released, but promises to give him the first crack at the story when it is appropriate. At the end of "Like Water For Murder," Mac allows Reed to come to the latest crime scene of the Cabbie Killer.
In episode 4.20 "Taxi", Mac becomes upset when he learns that Reed has a source close to the Cabbie Killer and won't divulge it. When Mac goes to talk to him about his source, he finds Reed's backpack on the floor of his apartment hallway, and his keys still in the lock. Back at the lab, he realizes that Reed has been kidnapped by his source—the Cabbie Killer himself. Mac is extremely worried for his stepson's life. Through posts on Reed's blog, the team is able to locate the Cabbie Killer and the now injured Reed. Mac stays with Reed at the hospital, and after catching the Cabbie Killer, takes him home.
