Cybill Shepherd as Maddie Hayes: Maddie Hayes is a chic and smart former high-fashion model. Left bankrupt when her accountant embezzles all of her money, she is forced to make a living by running the detective agency she had previously owned as a tax write-off. Using her celebrity as a former model, she brings in clients and tries to bring some order to a business previously run without any discipline. By the time he had written 50 pages for the pilot to the show, Caron says he realized he was writing the part for Cybill Shepherd.[8][9] After reading the script, she immediately realized this was a part she wanted to do and, during her first meeting with Caron and producer Jay Daniel, remarked that it was reminiscent of a “Hawksian” comedy. The two had no idea what she was talking about, so she suggested they screen Twentieth Century, Bringing Up Baby, and His Girl Friday, three of her favorites, to see how the overlapping dialogue was handled. A week before shooting of the pilot began, Caron, Shepherd, and Willis watched Bringing Up Baby and His Girl Friday.[10]
Bruce Willis as David Addison: David Addison is a cheeky, chappy, fearless detective running the City of Angels Detective Agency. Faced with the prospect of being put out of business, he convinces Maddie that they have always lost money because they were supposed to and talks her into rebranding the agency and going into business with him as her partner. Glenn Gordon Caron had to fight with ABC to put Willis in the lead role having already signed Shepherd for both the pilot and series. Caron claims he tested Willis about a third of the way through testing over 2,000 actors, knew "this was the guy" immediately, and had to fight through twice as many more acting tests and readings while arguing with ABC executives before receiving (initial) conditional authorization to cast Willis in the pilot. ABC, according to Caron, did not feel that anyone viewing would think there could possibly be any "believable" sexual tension[11] between Shepherd and Willis.
Allyce Beasley as Agnes DiPesto: Agnes DiPesto is the extremely loyal and quirky receptionist for the Blue Moon Detective Agency who always answers the phone in rhyme. In season two, it is revealed that she lives at 6338 Hope Street. As problems arose with getting Willis and Shepherd on screen due to personal issues, the writers started to focus on the relationship between Agnes and fellow Blue Moon employee Herbert Viola. In the series finale, Agnes berates Maddie and David for not being able to figure out their nitwit relationship as the entire set is dismantled and states “if there’s a God in heaven, he’ll spin Herbert and me off in our own series.”
Curtis Armstrong as Herbert Viola: Herbert Viola started at Blue Moon as an employee from a temp agency. The producers brought Armstrong in based on his work in Revenge of the Nerds and Better Off Dead, hoping to expand the role of Agnes DiPesto by giving her a love interest, thereby taking some of the filming pressure off Willis and Shepherd. As Herbert begins to shine in his duties, he gets promoted to working real cases as a junior detective. Debuting in season three, he appeared in 36 of the series' 66 episodes.
Jack Blessing as MacGillicudy: MacGillicudy is a Blue Moon employee and became a foil for Herbert Viola and a rival for Agnes’s affections. Debuting in season three, he appeared in 17 of the series’ 66 episodes.
In addition to the primary cast, several notable actors appeared either as guest stars or made cameos on the series.
Recurring roles:
Charles Rocket as Richard Addison, David's brother.
Eva Marie Saint and Robert Webber as Virginia and Alexander Hayes, Maddie's parents.
Mark Harmon appeared near the end of Season 3 as Sam Crawford, Maddie's romantic interest and rival with David.
Brooke Adams appeared in Season 4 as Terri Knowles, a single mother for whom David volunteered as a Lamaze partner in preparation for the birth of Maddie's child.
Virginia Madsen appeared in Season 5 as Annie Charnock, Maddie's cousin and a short-term romantic interest for David.
One-time roles:
Liz Sheridan as Selma in the pilot episode.
Mary Hart as herself in the pilot episode.
Tim Robbins as a hitman in the Season 1 episode "Gunfight at the So-So Corral".
C. Thomas Howell as a waiter (uncredited) in the Season 2 episode "The Lady in the Iron Mask".[12]
Orson Welles as himself delivering the cold open in the Season 2 episode "The Dream Sequence Always Rings Twice". It would prove to be Welles' last appearance before a camera.
Barbara Bain as Emily Grayson in the Season 2 episode "My Fair David".
Dana Delany as Jillian Armstrong in the Season 2 episode "Knowing Her".
David Patrick Kelly as McBride in the Season 2 episode "Somewhere Under the Rainbow".
Dan Lauria as the Lieutenant in the Season 2 episode "Portrait of Maddie".
Mark Linn-Baker as Phil West in the Season 2 episode "Atlas Belched".
Richard Belzer as Leonard in the Season 2 episode "Twas the Episode Before Christmas".
Whoopi Goldberg as Camille Brand in the Season 2 episode "Camille".
Judd Nelson as a Police Officer in the Season 2 episode "Camille".
Billy Barty as himself in the Season 2 episode "Camille".
Paul Sorvino as David Addison Sr. in the Season 3 episode "The Son Also Rises".
The Temptations as themselves in the Season 3 episode "Symphony in Knocked Flat".
Don King as himself in the Season 3 episode "Symphony in Knocked Flat".
Rick Ducommun as one of David's friends in the Season 3 episode "Big Man On Mulberry Street".
Sandahl Bergman appeared in a "dream" dance sequence in the Season 3 episode "Big Man On Mulberry Street".
Colm Meaney as one of Katharina's suitors in the Season 3 episode "Atomic Shakespeare".
Sterling Holloway as the Narrator in the Season 3 episode "Atomic Shakespeare".
Lionel Stander as Max in the Season 3 episode "It's a Wonderful Job".
Cheryl Tiegs as herself in the Season 3 episode "It's a Wonderful Job".
Pierce Brosnan as Remington Steele in the Season 3 episode "The Straight Poop".
Peter Bogdanovich as himself in the Season 3 episode "The Straight Poop".
Rona Barrett as herself in the Season 3 episode "The Straight Poop".
Donna Dixon as Joan Tenowitz in the Season 3 episode "Blonde on Blonde".
Sam McMurray as Moe Hyman in the Season 3 episode "Blonde on Blonde".
Robert Wuhl as the Nut in Holding Cell in the Season 3 episode "Blonde on Blonde".
Jeff Jarvis as himself in the Season 3 episode "Sam & Dave".
Randall 'Tex' Cobb as "Big Guy in Gas Station" in the Season 3 episode "Sam & Dave".
Gary Cole as Alan McClafferty in the Season 3 episode "Maddie's Turn to Cry".
William Hickey as Mr. Kendall in the Season 3 episode "To Heiress Human".
Dr. Joyce Brothers as herself in the Season 4 episode "A Trip to the Moon".
Ray Charles as himself in the Season 4 episode "A Trip to the Moon".
John Goodman as Donald Chase in the Season 4 episode "Come Back Little Shiksa".
Amanda Plummer as Jacqueline "Jackie" Wilbourne in the Season 4 episode "Take a Left at the Altar".
Terry O'Quinn as Bryant "Brian" Wilbourne in the Season 4 episode "Take a Left at the Altar".
Imogene Coca as Clara DiPesto in the Season 4 episode "Los Dos DiPestos".
Michelle Johnson as Mrs. Hunziger in the Season 5 episode "Plastic Fantastic Lovers".
Jennifer Tilly as Nurse Saundra in the Season 5 episode "Plastic Fantastic Lovers".
Colleen Dewhurst as Betty Russell in the Season 5 episode "Take My Wife, For Example".
Rita Wilson as Carla in the Season 5 episode "Those Lips, Those Lies".
Demi Moore, Bruce Willis's wife at the time, as the woman in the elevator in the Season 5 episode "When Girls Collide".
Timothy Leary as minister Wynn Deaupayne in the Season 5 episode "Lunar Eclipse".
