Five feature films, two television shows, and four television pilots featuring Nancy Drew have been produced to date. No television show featuring Nancy Drew has lasted longer than two years, and film portrayals of the character have met with mixed reviews.
Former child actress Bonita Granville portrayed Nancy Drew in four Warner Bros. films directed by William Clemens in the late 1930s: Nancy Drew... Detective (loosely based on The Password to Larkspur Lane) (December 1938), Nancy Drew... Reporter (March 1939), Nancy Drew… Trouble Shooter (September 1939), and Nancy Drew and the Hidden Staircase (November 1939).[106] A fifth movie may have been planned or even produced, but it was never released; actor Frankie Thomas believes that he and Granville made five films, not four,[107] and in August 1939 Harriet Adams wrote to Mildred Benson, "three have been shown in this area, and I have just heard that a fifth is in production."[108] The films were in part based on the Torchy Blane film series with Glenda Farrell and Barton MacLane, also made by Warner Bros. Nancy & Torchy have very similar hair styles, almost always wear a hat, were told to stay off the case (but were stubborn and continued to sleuth), were assisted by their boyfriends, and even had the same writers.
Nancy Drew and the Hidden Staircase was the only film to borrow its title from a book in the series, although the plot was altered substantially. One critic wrote that "the only similarity between the book and the film was the word staircase."[109] Nancy's boyfriend Ned Nickerson became Ted Nickerson, as Ned was considered too old-fashioned,[106] and housekeeper Hannah Gruen was replaced by Effie Schneider, a minor character who had appeared in only a few books as the Drews' part-time maid; in the films, Effie's traits are combined with Hannah's. Nancy's friends George and Bess were eliminated completely, "mystery elements were downplayed, plots simplified, and the romance spiced up."[108] To promote the film, Warner Bros. created a Nancy Drew fan club that included a set of rules, such as: "Must have steady boy friend, in the sense of a 'pal'" and must "Take part in choosing own clothes."[110] These rules were based on some research Warner Bros. had done on the habits and attitudes of "typical" teenage girls.[111]
Critical reaction to these films is mixed. Some find that the movies did not "depict the true Nancy Drew",[112] in part because Granville's Nancy "blatantly used her feminine wiles (and enticing bribes)" to accomplish her goals.[113] The films also portray Nancy as childish and easily flustered, a significant change from her portrayal in the books.[114] Nevertheless, Mildred Benson, the author of most Nancy Drew books at the time, liked the films.[108]
A film adaptation of Nancy Drew was released on June 15, 2007 by Warner Bros. Pictures, with Emma Roberts as Nancy Drew, Max Thieriot as Ned Nickerson and Tate Donovan as Carson Drew. As with the earlier Drew films, reactions were mixed. Some see the film as updated version of the basic character: "although it has been glammed up for the lucrative tween demographic, the movie retains the best parts of the books, including, of course, their intelligent main character."[115] Others find the movie "jolting" because Nancy's "new classmates prefer shopping to sleuthing, and Nancy's plaid skirt, penny loafers, and magnifying glass make her something of a dork, not the town hero she was in the Midwest."[116]
In 1957, Desilu and CBS developed a show, Nancy Drew, Detective, based on the movies from the 1930s. Roberta Shore was in the title role as Nancy Drew, with Tim Considine as Ned Nickerson, and Frankie Thomas, Jr. as Carson Drew. Although a pilot was produced in April 1957, the series could not find a sponsor, and, with the disappointment and later disapproval of Harriet Adams, the idea of a series was abandoned.[117][118]
A television series called The Hardy Boys/Nancy Drew Mysteries ran from 1977 to 1979 on American Broadcasting Company (ABC).[119] It initially starred 24-year-old Pamela Sue Martin as Nancy. For the first season, episodes featuring Nancy alternated with episodes featuring the Hardy Boys. The stories were new stories based on the original stories, with Nancy solving mysteries with her friends George and Ned. Beginning in the second season, the format of the series changed to focus more on the Hardy Boys, with Nancy Drew primarily appearing as a guest star in several crossover story lines; Martin left the series midway through the second season and was replaced by 19-year-old Janet Louise Johnson for the final few episodes.[120] The series continued for a third season as The Hardy Boys Mysteries, dropping Nancy Drew completely, but the series was cancelled midway through the season.
In October 1989, Canadian production company Nelvana began filming for a 13-episode Nancy Drew television series called Nancy Drew and Daughter for USA Network. Margot Kidder was cast as an adult Nancy Drew and her daughter as Nancy's daughter. Kidder was injured during filming of the first episode when the brakes failed on the car she was driving, and production was canceled the next month.[121][122]
Nelvana began production of another Nancy Drew television show in 1995. Tracy Ryan starred as Nancy Drew, with Jhene Erwin as Bess Marvin, Joy Tanner as George Fayne, and, in a recurring role, Scott Speedman as Ned Nickerson. The show was cancelled midway through its first season due to low ratings in syndication; it was again partnered with a series based on The Hardy Boys with which the series crossed over on occasion.[123] The entire series has since been released on DVD.
On December 15, 2002, ABC aired Nancy Drew, with Maggie Lawson in the title role, as part of The Wonderful World of Disney series. The movie was intended to be a pilot for a possible weekly series, which saw Nancy and her friends going off to college in a modern setting. Additional scripts were ordered, but a series was not forthcoming.[124]
On October 5, 2015, CBS announced that it would be developing a new series titled Drew.[125] In January 2016, they announced that the pilot would feature Nancy as a non-Caucasian New York City police detective in her thirties.[126] The pilot episode will revolve around Nancy investigating the death of Bess Marvin, who had died six months prior.[127] As of March 2016, Sarah Shahi is cast as Nancy, Anthony Edwards is set to play Carson Drew, Felix Solis as Lieutenant Ford, Vanessa Ferlito as George Fayne, Steve Kazee as Ned Nickerson, and Debra Monk as Hannah Gruen.[128][129][130][131][132][133] The pilot was written by Joan Rater and Tony Phelan and was directed by James Strong.[133] The pilot was shot in New York City.[134] On May 14, 2016, it was announced that CBS passed on the Drew pilot, so CBS Studios is shopping it to other networks for series consideration.[135][136][137]
Computer games publisher Her Interactive began publishing Nancy Drew computer games in 1998. Some game plots are taken directly, or loosely taken, from the published Nancy Drew books, such as The Secret of the Old Clock; others are completely new ideas and are written by the Her Interactive staff. The games are targeted for a younger audience with the rating of "ages 10 and up" and are rated "E" ("Everyone") by the ESRB. They follow the popular adventure game style of play. Players move Nancy by pointing and clicking with the mouse around in a first person virtual environment to talk to suspects, pick up clues, solve puzzles, and eventually solve the crime.[138]
Lani Minella has voiced the Nancy character since the first game in 1998 up to the most recent game, Sea of Darkness, the 32nd game. The 33rd game, Midnight in Salem, will be voiced by a new actress. Minella, who has voiced Nancy for 17 years, was let go from the role. Her Interactive said that the community has been nothing but supportive of Minella, and that their overall goal is to keep creating noteworthy games.[139]
The most recent game has won various awards. For example: Nancy Drew: Sea of Darkness was a Mom’s Choice Award Gold Winner in February 2016 as well as a Cool Tool Award finalist for EdTech in 2016
In addition to the games created by Her Interactive, a game for the Nintendo DS was released in September 2007 by Majesco Entertainment. In the game, developed by Gorilla Systems Co and called Nancy Drew: Deadly Secret of Olde World Park, players help Nancy solve the mystery of a missing billionaire.[140][141] Majesco has also released two other Nancy Drew games for the DS, titled Nancy Drew: The Mystery of the Clue Bender Society (released July 2008)[142] and Nancy Drew: The Hidden Staircase, based on the second book in the original Nancy Drew Mystery Stories series (released September 2008).[143] Nancy Drew: The Hidden Staircase and Nancy Drew: The Model Mysteries, both by THQ, are also available on the Nintendo DS system.
Some games, like Secrets Can Kill, Shadow at the Water's Edge, and The Captive Curse, are rated "E10+". The games have received recognition for promoting female interest in video games.[144] Her Interactive has also released several versions of their Nancy Drew games in French, as part of a series called Les Enquêtes de Nancy Drew,[102] and shorter games as part of a new series called the Nancy Drew Dossier.[145] The first title, Lights, Camera, Curses, was released in 2008 and the second, Resorting to Danger, was released in 2009. While most of the games are computer games, with most available only on PC and some newer titles also available on Mac, Her Interactive also have released some of the titles on other platforms, like DVD and Nintendo Wii system.
Her Interactive is currently in production of Nancy Drew: Midnight in Salem but no release date has been set yet.
On May 13, 2016, Her Interactive introduced and released Nancy Drew: Codes & Clues, an application for iPad and iPhone along with Android devices. It was designed to help children develop skills in computer programming.
The app has also won a variety of awards:
[146]Tillywig Toy & Media Awards – Brain Child Award Recipient
Mom’s Choice Awards – Gold Award Recipient
The National Parenting Center – Seal of Approval
Kidscreen Awards 2017 – Nominee
