^ Rex Stout prepared a confidential memo dated September 14, 1949 to assist the producers of the Sydney Greenstreet radio series The New Adventures of Nero Wolfe. Under the heading "Description of Nero Wolfe", Stout begins: "Height 5 ft. 11 in. Weight 272 lbs. Age 56."[1]:383
^ In Too Many Women (1947, chapter 5), Archie estimates Wolfe's weight at close to 340. In In the Best Families (1953), Wolfe temporarily sheds 117 pounds.
^ See also Over My Dead Body.
^ In most of the corpus, it is seven steps from the sidewalk to the stoop (for example, "The Squirt and the Monkey"; Before Midnight, chapter 5; Might as Well Be Dead, chapter 2; A Family Affair, chapter 3), but it is eight steps in "Booby Trap", chapter 5.
^ Wolfe has another chair in the bedroom that is nearly as good as the one in the office. In "Help Wanted, Male" (chapter 5) it is called his "number two chair".
^ Ken Darby identifies the ten brownstone addresses and additional stories in which they appear. The most frequently used address for Nero Wolfe's residence is 918 West 35th Street — the address that Darby found in The Red Box, And Be a Villain, "The Next Witness" and "Method Three for Murder".[8]:9
^ Stout was playfully erratic about details in the stories. Besides the varying street addresses, he retained minor inconsistencies, and catching them is one of the pleasures of readers of the Nero Wolfe stories. Inspector Cramer's first name, rarely invoked, was originally Fergus, and later modified to L.T. Wolfe's attorney Nathaniel Parker was also known as Henry Parker and Henry Barber. An assistant district attorney was either Mandel or Mandelbaum. The same surnames are assigned to supporting characters in different stories: Jarrett, Jaret, Jarrell, Dykes, Annis, Avery, Bowen, Yerkes, Whipple and others.
^ "And Hutton, bless him, took pains to make sure that the stoop, meticulously recreated in a freezing Ontario warehouse soundstage really did have seven steps," reported Martin Sieff of United Press International.[12]
^ WireImage (image numbers 253302 – 253308) and Getty Images (image number 1302172) document the location photography directed by Timothy Hutton on October 15, 2000, also seen in the A&E documentary The Making of Nero Wolfe.
^ Robert M. Hamilton lists all of the orchids mentioned in Archie's accounts in alphabetical order. He records Phalaenopsis Aphrodite appearing in "Door to Death", The Golden Spiders, Plot It Yourself, "Poison à la Carte", A Right to Die, The Doorbell Rang and The Father Hunt.
^ "I do not sell orchids," Wolfe tells Archie in chapter 7 of Murder by the Book (1951). Six years later, in If Death Ever Slept (chapter 11), Archie describes Wolfe as "a practicing private detective with no other source of income except selling a few orchid plants now and then."
^ "He was one of the only two men whom Wolfe called by their first names, apart from employees," Archie writes of Marko in Too Many Cooks, chapter 1. Sixteen years later, in The Black Mountain (chapter 1), Archie puts the number at ten.
^ In "Help Wanted, Male" Archie states that the gong was installed "... some years previously when Wolfe had got a knife stuck in him. The thing had never gone off except when we tested it …"
^ Archie most frequently mentions Wolfe working on the crossword puzzle in The Observer (Too Many Clients, chapter 10) and The Times (Murder by the Book, chapter 1).
^ Archie's room is on the second floor in the first three novels: Fer-de-Lance (chapter 3), The League of Frightened Men (chapter 5) and The Rubber Band (chapter 8). In chapter 6 of Where There's a Will (1940), Archie's room is on the third floor, where it is in subsequent accounts. These include "Black Orchids" (chapter 6), "Cordially Invited to Meet Death" (chapter 3), "Not Quite Dead Enough" (chapter 3), "Booby Trap" (chapter 1), "Help Wanted, Male" (chapter 3), The Silent Speaker (chapter 19), "Before I Die" (chapters 10 and 11), Too Many Women (chapter 14) and "Omit Flowers" (chapter 8). In The Brownstone House of Nero Wolfe, Ken Darby attests that Archie stays put as "guardian of the third floor" from 1950 on (p. 59).
^ "I believe Stout uses such crude statements to have us feel how objectionable they are," Gotwald wrote, adding that Archie's ethnic slur in chapter 2 of Fer-de-Lance was sanitized in paperback editions.[43]:43
^ But the admonition apparently did not take hold. In Too Many Cooks, Wolfe questions a group of black men. Archie’s opinion, voiced using racial epithets, is that interviewing them will be a waste of time, but Wolfe's candor and respect gains him the men's trust. The session ends at 4:30 a.m. and Wolfe instructs Archie to telephone the (white) district attorney. Again Archie objects, suggesting that Wolfe should wait until later that day. Wolfe calmly says: "Archie, please. You tried to instruct me how to handle colored men. Will you try it with white men too?"
^ Another fictional creation by Stout, the solo operative Tecumseh Fox, who is perhaps a fusion of the best qualities of Wolfe and Goodwin into a single person without Wolfe's collection of idiosyncrasies, is arguably a better and more effective fictional character, as in the novel The Broken Vase. That book, however, was not a commercial success, and only three books featuring Fox were written, one of which was later used as the basis for a Wolfe story at the urging of Stout's publisher.
^ In The Rubber Band (1936) Wolfe displays great respect (if not always cooperation) towards Cramer, but thinks Hombert "should go back to diapers" — an opinion indirectly shared by Cramer himself who points out that Hombert is a politician and not a policeman. In The Silent Speaker, Wolfe gets a chance to humiliate Hombert and help Cramer in the process.
^ Wolfe receives news of her death in the latter. "Lovchen" is not a family name; rather, it is the name of the black mountain from which Montenegro gets its name.
^ Wolfe and Archie first meet Sally Colt, later Corbett, in "Too Many Detectives" (1956), chapter 1, when they are summoned to Albany for questioning about wiretapping activities. Archie starts his report by stating, "I am against female detectives on principle." Still Sally Colt, she is again called on to help out in If Death Ever Slept (1957), chapter 17. In Plot It Yourself (1959), chapter 19, it is a Sally Corbett, not Colt, who helps out on Wolfe's case. "Sally Corbett was one of the two women who, a couple of years back, had made me feel that there might be some flaw in my attitude toward female dicks." Sally Colt/Corbett makes a final appearance in The Mother Hunt (1963), chapter 12. Archie remarks again that Sally and Dol had made him change his attitude about female detectives.
^ Agatha Christie's Hercule Poirot was named Best Mystery Series of the Century at Bouchercon 2000. Agatha Christie was voted Best Mystery Writer of the Century; the other nominees were Raymond Chandler, Dashiell Hammett, Dorothy Sayers, and Rex Stout. The 31st World Mystery Convention was presented in Denver September 7–10, 2000.[61]
^ "We know the importance granted to the words by Magritte in his paintings and we know the impact that literary works such as Poe's, Rex Stout's or Mallarmé's had on him," wrote the Magritte Museum.[63]
^ Dora Chapin is the wife of the man feared by the members of The League of Frightened Men; much of the novel's plot hinges on her activities.
^ Rex Stout's confidential memo of September 15, 1949, describing Nero Wolfe, Archie Goodwin and Wolfe's office, is reprinted in the back matter of the 1992 Bantam Crimeline edition of Fer-de-Lance (ISBN 0-553-27819-3).
^ Dated December 31, 1958, the first draft script for Nero Wolfe is in the Performing Arts Special Collections at UCLA, in Box 27, Folder 6 of the Sidney Carroll Papers 1957–1981.[85]
^ Film score researcher Bill Wrobel located Alex North's unheard score for Nero Wolfe and six recorded tracks on digital audio tape in the UCLA Music Library Special Collections.[90] He identifies 30 CBS digital audio tapes (p. 168), with tracks 86–91 of DAT #11 being the Nero Wolfe music of Alex North (p. 174). The score, CPN5912, is in Box #105 (p. 51).
^ Dick Lochte discussed the Stout interview in an online post March 8, 2000.[95]
^ Pre-production materials for Welles's unrealized Nero Wolfe (1976) are contained in the Orson Welles – Oja Kodar Papers 1910–1998 (Box 17) at the University of Michigan Special Collections Library.[98]
^ Allen Sabinson became a programming consultant for A&E in 1999, and was named the network's senior vice president for programming in spring 2001.
^ Jaffe/Braunstein Films, Ltd., secured the rights to the Nero Wolfe stories in 1998. (U.S. Copyright Office Document Number V3412D882, recorded March 13, 1998.)
^ The exception is the second-season premiere directed by Timothy Hutton. "For Death of a Doxy, Tim decided to play it in the early sixties," producer Michael Jaffe said. "If you look at that episode, it's really fun, because everything—the wardrobe, the art direction—is different, since it's a different generation. It breaks our mold."[106]:37
