Jane characteristically wears a three-piece suit with no tie (though in flashback episodes, pre-CBI, he does wear the tie), and the same brown, leather shoes. His wearing of the suit with the vest has been explained by the show's creator, Bruno Heller, as follows:[3]
"The thinking is these were the suits he used to wear as a mentalist and he would have them dry cleaned and pressed. Now he gets them out of the bottom of the cupboard. It's also a magician thing. They wear vests because they need to be able to hide things.
Jane wears the same brown, scuffed leather shoes in each episode. In the episode "Not One Red Cent" in season 5, he finally has them re-soled.
Jane drives a pristine condition Citroën DS 21 Pallas.
Midway through season 6, and after the death of Red John, Jane's appearance changes. He stops wearing his characteristic vests, though he wears battered suits and his scruffy shoes. Also, he changes his vehicle to the 1985 Airstream 270.
In the fourth episode of season 7, Jane decides to wear the vest again and continues wearing it until the end of the series.
Jane professes disbelief in anything in subject areas of paranormal or supernatural, and often insists "there is no such thing as a psychic". He is often seen to employ cold reading, hot reading, and an expertise in kinesics such as muscle reading and paralanguage, often as a means to discern clues but also to manipulate suspects into confessing their crimes or otherwise revealing themselves as guilty. At times, such as when he feels the wrist of suspects to gauge their pulse or through his near-instantaneous discernment of microexpressions, proteans or calypses, and the insight that subjects have looks showing "guilt", his powers seem exaggerated and almost superhuman.
He has knowledge of hypnosis and has been seen to employ it from time to time, though Lisbon insists that use of hypnotism on suspects or witnesses is illegal and can cause cases to be thrown out of court. He is adept at legerdemain including a presumably undetectable skill at pickpocketing. He professes to maintain a mental "memory palace" and claims extraordinary powers of recollection. In the season 5 episode "Red Barn" he confides in Lisbon that in his attempt to identify Red John (whom he has been told he has met personally), he has remembered the names of the 2,164 people he has met since the death of his family.
Though Jane himself seems proficient at reading body language, he nevertheless expresses skepticism for more empirical means of evaluating or "profiling" suspects, such as his doubt of the approach of Agent Montague in the episode "Bloodhound".
It has not been revealed to what degree Jane, raised in a carnival environment, has been formally educated, although he has stated he never attended high school. He nevertheless has exhibited throughout the series many qualities of a polymath, including refined knowledge of art, food, wine, literature, and music. He also demonstrates considerable skill at chess (in the episode 18-5-4 ), and is an accomplished card sharp. He may also be a pool shark, as he makes an impressive shot in Aingavite Baa. In Miss Red, he demonstrates his skill at cheating with dice, in the course of a backgammon game. He also creates elaborate sandcastles (Red Tide) and plays pinball extremely well (Red Sauce).
Jane's personality has undergone a dramatic change since the death of his family. Though the season 2 episode "Throwing Fire" shows a teenage Jane tutored by an unscrupulous father, the young Jane seems to have nevertheless had somewhat of a conscience. However, in his adult life as a "mentalist", he has been shown to have manipulated and conned numerous people for profit. In his mentalist heyday, this brought him both a great deal of money (enough to buy a house in Malibu) and a certain amount of fame (his photo can be seen gracing the cover of framed magazines in his home at the time). The season 4 episode "Fugue in Red", where Jane partially loses his memory as a result of a near drowning, reveals to some degree the selfishness and amorality of the pre-CBI Jane. This prompts fellow CBI agent Kimball Cho (Tim Kang) to remark to his CBI colleagues, "Don't take this the wrong way, but the death of Jane's family made him a better person."
Jane is camera shy, and often expresses reluctance to be interviewed or otherwise filmed, presumably another change in personality since his heyday as a television mentalist. He also consciously avoids situations where he will be thanked (e.g. by a murder victim's family when the culprit is apprehended) or made the center of attention.
Jane has been shown to have an affinity for and unusually good rapport with children. On multiple occasions he befriends them and addresses them with empathy. Conversely, he has little regard for figures of authority, and often expresses himself to such individuals brusquely or even rudely.
Despite his obsession with finding Red John and his anguish and guilt over the loss of his family, Jane occasionally behaves in a spontaneous, even lighthearted fashion, expressing delight in simple pleasures such as open air, music, and natural beauty. Heller has stated, of Jane's temperament: "(Jane) is on the surface a happy person and kind of graceful and light. The idea is to show that grace and lightness is an act of heroism; it's not simple-minded happiness. It's a conscious decision he is making to live his life positively."[4]
Jane appears to have a strong aversion to violence. When threatened or attacked, his first response is always to run away or hide behind his colleagues, and when he is actually struck or beaten he does not retaliate. Despite this apparent pacifism, he does use violence when he considers it absolutely necessary. As of season 6, Jane has killed four men. Jane shoots the first, police officer Dumar Hardy, with a shotgun in the episode "Red John's Footsteps", in order to save Lisbon's life. He throws down the shotgun immediately afterward, visibly shocked by his actions. In the season three finale "Strawberries and Cream Part II" Jane shoots with a pistol a man he believes to be Red John himself, though it is later revealed the man's name was Timothy Carter and he was merely an impersonator. In the episode "Red John" (season 6), Jane finally exacts his revenge on Red John, shooting him with a pistol before chasing him down and strangling him to death. In the process he kills Oscar Cordero, Red John's henchman, by shooting him as he rushes into the church to save Red John.
Jane has expressed a dislike of coffee, but drinks tea in nearly every episode. He appears to have basic computer literacy but typically expresses no interest in using such technology. In one episode, he asks Grace Van Pelt to "bigify" something on the computer, meaning to zoom in.
