Dorothy Williams, known as 'Dot' is Phryne's confidential maid and social secretary. Phryne meets Dot soon after her arrival in Melbourne, while taking a walk through the city. Dot, possessed of a knife, had been trying to find and kill her former employer's son, who had repeatedly harassed and molested her and had her fired when she resisted his advances. Phryne convinces Dot to hand over the knife and gives her food to eat, and then secures Dot's revenge by using the knife to surreptitiously cut through her persecutor's braces, thus disrobing and publicly embarrassing him. Phryne then offers Dot a job as her personal maid and secretary, which Dot accepts.[3] Dot is described as being a very devout Catholic and is very neat with a particular talent for delicate mending and sewing work. She is close to her family and her mother, in particularly, whom she visits frequently.
Cecil Yates, known as 'Cec' and Albert Johnson, known as 'Bert' together run and operates a taxi cab in Melbourne, Australia. Phryne Fisher first meets them when her ship docks at Melbourne, and they transport her luggage as well as Dr. Elizabeth Macmillan's to their respective hotels. Cec is described as being tall and blonde-haired, with brown eyes and a taciturn, quiet manner. Bert, on the other hand, is short, darker and older than Cec, as well as more voluble. Cec and Bert are both described as 'red-raggers' i.e. Communists.[3] Cec, in particular, is a gifted navigator with a keen memory for the streets of Melbourne, and is also described as having a soft spot for any animal or person in trouble. Cec and Bert eventually join Phryne as investigative assistants. Phryne Fisher pays them enough money to enable them to buy a new taxi to replace their old one.[4]
Phryne's adopted daughters.
One of Jack's policemen and Dot's husband-to-be.
Phryne's butler and cook. Mr and Mrs. Butler initially planned to retire after working for a long period of time, but were persuaded out of retirement by Phryne Fisher's generous offer of employment as well as her request that they maintain the confidentiality of her work as a private detective. In Flying Too High, they are known by the names 'Ted' and 'Else'[4]
Dr. Elizabeth Macmillan is a Scottish surgeon who works at the Queen Victoria Hospital for Women in Melbourne, Australia. She is a friend of Phryne's. Dr. Macmillan and Phryne reunited during Phryne's voyage by ship from England to Australia in Cocaine Blues. Dr. Macmillan is described as being of around forty-five years of age, with a broad, strong physique, rough and calloused hands, and a weatherbeaten complexion.[3] Her black hair, now turning white, is cut into a 'short Eton crop' and she tends to dress in men's clothes for convenience.[3] Phryne and Dr. Macmillan first meet when there is a 'flu epidemic at a remote island, and Phyrne steps in to fly Dr. Macmillan in on a plane despite dangerous weather conditions. She then assists Dr. Macmillan in attending to the unwell residents of the island, including slaughtering a Highland cow to make them broth.[3]
Jillian Henderson is a lawyer and a friend of Phryne Fisher's. She frequently represents clients referred to her by Phryne, and has inherited her practice from her father, who was partner in a firm called Henderson, Jones, and Mayhew.
Phryne Fisher first meets Detective Inspector Jack Robinson while investigating a cocaine ring in Cocaine Blues, and becomes friends with him thereafter. He respects her skills and intelligence, and the two frequently collaborate on criminal investigations. He is described in Murder on the Ballarat Train as being a "private man with a doting family, who grew grevilleas and rare native orchids in his yard."[6]
Woman Police Constable Jones works for Detective Inspector Jack Robinson and is one of the few women in the police force. She frequently acts as a bait and decoy in investigations and has won a medal for Gallantry for baiting and capturing a suspect in a string of rapes.[4]
