Phyrne is described in the first of Kerry Greenwood's books, Cocaine Blues as being named after the courtesan Phryne, after her father forgot her chosen name of Psyche at the christening.[3]
Phryne was not always rich, having been born into a poor family in Collingwood, Melbourne. Her childhood was one of deep poverty, and she occasionally had to scavenge for food in the pig-bins in Victoria Market, and often ate rabbit and cabbage because there was no other food available.[3] In Cocaine Blues, she tells her maidservant and secretary Dot that during her youth she "starved like a Billy-o" and that her sister died of diptheria and starvation.[3]
In World War I, the other male heirs to a British peerage were killed, and Phryne's father inherited the title. As his daughter, she was granted the style of "The Honourable Phryne Fisher" and an enormous fortune. She has an aunt, Mrs. Prudence Stanley.
After completing school, Phryne ran away to France where she joined a French women's ambulance unit during WWI, receiving a reward for bravery and a French war pension. She then worked as an artist's model in Montparnasse after the war.[4] Following her time in France, Phryne travelled widely, and has disclosed that she has, amongst other places, visited Florence and spent a night in a Turkish prison (for unknown reasons) [4].
Phyrne Fisher's career as a detective is described in Cocaine Blues as having had its origins in an incident that took place at her family's estate in England. At an evening ball, a diamond necklace belonging to one of the guests disappeared, and Phryne was able, through observing the guests and the room, to quickly identify the person responsible for the theft as Bobby, a young cricket-playing aristocrat. Impressed by her skills, another guest at the party, a retired Colonel Harper and his wife, Mrs. Harper, engaged Phryne to travel to Australia, her country of birth, and find out if his daughter, Lydia Andrews, was being treated well by her husband, John Andrews.[3] This set in motion the events described in the first of Kerry Greenwood's books on Phryne Fisher, Cocaine Blues. Phryne's motivation to take up private detection as a career is rooted, at least initially, in boredom with the activities of high society in England. Although she did previously engage in charitable works, Phryne noted that "the company of the Charitable Ladies was not good for her temper."[3]
In Flying Too High, Phryne Fisher decides to settle down in Melbourne, buying a house at 221B, The Esplanade, and moving in there with Dot Williams, her maid. She also engages Mr. and Mrs. Butler to act as her butler and housekeeper, respectively. Phryne confesses to her friend Bunji Ross that she bought the house because it was numbered 221 and that she added 'B' in an obvious reference to the home of Sherlock Holmes at 221B Baker Street.[4]
Through the course of the books, Phryne collects a personal maid, Dot; two adoptive daughters, Ruth and Jane (whom she rescued from slavery); a cat, Ember; a dog, Molly; and two loyal servants, the Butlers. She also has relationships with a string of lovers, most notably Lin Chung, a wealthy Chinese man (whom she rescues in the city one evening). Lin is the only lover with whom she maintains a relationship for more than a few books and even goes so far as to make a deal with his autocratic and overbearing grandmother that after he is married, she (Phryne) be allowed to continue a friendship with him.[5]
