A loveable Cockney ragamuffin, Jim is an avid theatregoer who loves stories and regularly falls in love, his adult career alternating between working at a theatre and submitting self-penned plays and working as a private detective. He is courageous and outgoing, and has an ability to see a person's true nature long before anyone else. He looks up to Sally and Fred. In The Shadow in the North he breaks his leg when he falls from a window whilst trying to save Fred. While looking for Sally in the ruins of the North Star factory, he strains his leg too much and cause him to have a limp for the rest of his life, although he is still physically capable in a fight. In The Tin Princess, he accompanies the long-lost Adelaide and her new husband to her husband's kingdom, with Jim eventually marrying Adelaide after her husband is killed and Adelaide removed from the throne.
Jim is in all of the books, although his appearance in The Tiger in the Well is only brief as he was away on a trip with Webster Garland for much of the novel.
A photographer with an imaginative streak and a wonderful personality. Although he has feelings for Sally, they almost always argue, Sally torn between her admiration for his strength and compassion and her frustration at his occasionally childish behavior, but their friendship is still strong. Although they accept their feelings for each other, he dies in a fire caused by Axel Bellmann midway through The Shadow in the North, causing Sally to murder Bellmann.
Sally's pain for most of The Shadow in the North and The Tiger in the Well revolves around the fact that had Fred survived the fire, the couple would have married and brought up their daughter, Harriet Rosa Lockhart, together.
Frederick appears in The Ruby in the Smoke and The Shadow in the North.
A ruthless pirate and murderer, of Dutch/Chinese descent, who illegally ships low-quality opium to Europe from the East. Sally thought that she killed him in The Ruby in the Smoke, but did not. As we later discover, her bullet pierced his spinal cord, and he was paralyzed. In The Tiger in the Well, he has assumed the name "Tzaddik" and, amongst other organised criminal activities, runs a prostitution ring throughout Europe. He also has a mysterious tiny servant, rumoured to be a dybbuk, an evil spirit with its origins in Jewish mythology, although it is later revealed to be a monkey. The dybbuk is killed by the Tzaddik's valet, Michelet; he had been intending to abduct Harriet to take the monkey's place as his personal servant as part of his revenge against Sally, but the plan fell through. He himself is killed in the Blackbourne River Flood.
Ah Ling/Hendrik van Eeden/Tzaddik is in The Ruby in the Smoke and The Tiger in the Well.
An ex-pickpocket, Trembler works for the Garlands in The Ruby in the Smoke and is characteristically nervous, hence his nickname. He takes to Adelaide very quickly and loves her like a daughter. The stereographic picture of Trembler with Adelaide on his knee is a clue to the true identity of the 'Cockney Queen' in "The Tin Princess".
Trembler and Mrs Molloy are one of Sally's ports of call in The Tiger in the Well as they now own a boarding house and she arranges to hide with them after running from her court appearance with Harriet.
Trembler is not seen or mentioned in the BBC adaptations.
Fred's sister. She was a small-time actress, and later married a clergyman, Nicholas Bedwell, the twin brother of Matthew Bedwell, the unfortunate opium-addicted sailor from The Ruby in the Smoke. She and Reverend Bedwell went on to have two children, May and Matthew Bedwell. She helps Sally and Harriet (Sally's daughter, Rosa's niece) through a court case in The Tiger in the Well.
Rosa and her brother, Fred, were originally disowned by their parents for taking up career choices that their parents did not agree with and were supported by their father's brother, Webster Garland. Rosa was accepted by her parents after giving up the stage and marrying Reverend Bedwell. Although she loves her husband, Rosa still longs for the stage and puts on parish pageants and pastorals (The Tiger in the Well).
Born in Razkavia, Becky is employed by a man called Herr Strauss to teach Miss Bevan German. After the first lesson she discovers the danger that Prince Rudolf (a.k.a. Herr Strauss) is in. She befriends Jim Taylor (a consulting detective), Sally Goldberg (a financial consultant), Prince Rudolf (the crown prince of Razkavia), and his Cockney wife Adelaide Bevan (an old friend of Jim and Sally's).
East end orphan who is a servant of Mrs. Holland in The Ruby in the Smoke. Once Mrs. Holland dies, she is still not found until the later books. She appears in The Tin Princess as Crown Princess and later Queen of Razkavia. She later agrees to marry Jim after political strife forces her to abdicate her throne, with her friend Becky suggesting that Adelaide could become an actress.
