Of the four complaints on her record, two are from felons subsequently imprisoned, one is from a murder suspect released because of an error by an ADA, and the fourth is filed in "Supply and Demand" (episode 120) by the father of a college student suspected of selling drugs that had already killed a fellow student. The insinuation is that Stella is willing to push a suspect's buttons in an effort to get a confession or information.
Stella does not suffer fools gladly. During "Open and Shut" (episode 306), she initially expresses sympathy for a woman who appears to be the only survivor of a double homicide in her home. After further investigation reveals that the woman is not the victim but actually the mastermind of the crime, Stella is furious and confronts the woman in the interrogation room. When the woman smugly compares her situation to Stella's with Frankie, Stella counters that their situations were nothing alike: Stella had been a victim who acted out of self-defense, while the woman was a cold-blooded murderer who wanted to escape what she hinted was a bad marriage.
In episode 202, "Grand Murder at Central Station", she is plainly disgusted by the murder suspect's belittling of his blind victim.
In episode 316, "Heart of Glass", Stella accidentally cuts herself on a piece of glass while processing a crime scene, potentially exposing herself to the victim's HIV-positive blood. Though she immediately cleans and bandanges the wound, as well as starting an anti-viral regimen, she cannot know for several months whether she has contracted HIV. The uncertainty has already interfered with her life, as when she refuses to let Hawkes touch her after a suspect smashes the one-way mirror in the interrogation room and Stella is cut on the cheek by a shard of the broken mirror.
Stella's timely arrival in the autopsy room, as well as her administration of epinephrine, is critical in saving the life of coroner Sid Hammerback, who suffers a severe allergic reaction to a sandwich he had eaten earlier. Later, Stella expresses her concern to Hammerback that she may have exposed him to HIV when she administered CPR, but he is simply grateful to her and happy to be alive (episode 317, "The Ride In").
By episode 320, "What Schemes May Come", she expresses a desire to know once and for all whether or not she is HIV-positive. Stella asks Mac to requisition the necessary supplies for a PCR DNA test, which will provide faster results than the standard tests. As the lab already has the facilities required and someone (specifically lab tech Adam Ross) qualified to perform the tests, Mac approves the expense. Adam later performs the test, and she learns, to her elation, that she is HIV-negative (episode 321, "Past Imperfect").
Stella's blood is accidentally entered into CODIS due to a lab tech error during her PCR DNA test. Philadelphia Homicide gets a hit for it in a cold case involving some bloody clothes found buried along a highway. The Cold Case Squad sends out Detective Scotty Valens (played by Danny Pino) to investigate and question Stella's involvement. Despite his initial threat of handcuffing her, he eventually clears her of culpability in the matter. After he leaves New York, Stella figures out the true culprit is her foster sister. She locates the woman, who is living under an alias, and, while she does confront her, Stella does not immediately cuff her, but gives her a day to flee. It is unknown how much she later reveals to Detective Valens (episode 322, "Cold Reveal").
Stella and her colleagues attempt to defend Mac Taylor on the stand after the senior CSI comes under fire for his supposed culpability in the death of kidnapper/murderer Clay Dobson. She is forced to admit that Mac violated department procedures when he charged alone after Dobson. However, Stella later advises Mac to learn to play politics, as that is what the trumped-up charges are all about. After Mac is cleared, she congratulates him on a game well-played, but agree that this is likely not the last time he will be put under the microscope (episode 323, "...Comes Around").
In episode 701, "The 34th Floor", it is revealed that Stella has moved to New Orleans and is head of their crime lab.
