

2 cups sifted all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon baking powder
3 potatoes - peeled, boiled and mashed
1 onion, chopped
2 eggs
1 cup milk
1/4 cup light corn syrup
1 teaspoon ground nutmeg
2 tablespoons shortening


In a medium bowl, mix together flour, salt, and baking powder. Stir in mashed potatoes and onion until thoroughly combined. In a separate bowl, whisk together eggs and milk, and stir lightly into potato mixture.
Stir in corn syrup and nutmeg, mixing well. Heat a large griddle to medium-high heat. Coat with shortening and spoon potato mixture onto griddle in 12 equal portions. Fry until brown on both sides. Serve hot.

2 pounds unpeeled potatoes, cubed
1/2 cup butter
1/4 cup milk
2 tablespoons sour cream
2 teaspoons chopped garlic
2 teaspoons dried basil
salt and pepper to taste


Bring a pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add potatoes, and cook until tender, about 15 minutes.
Drain potatoes, and transfer to a bowl. Add butter, and mash with a potato masher or electric mixer until potatoes are starting to become smooth. Add milk and sour cream, and mix to your desired texture. Careful not to over mix the potatoes once they are creamy. Season with garlic, basil, salt and pepper.

6 Yukon Gold potatoes
1 small sweet onion, diced
3 hard-cooked eggs, chopped
1/2 cup diced celery
1/4 cup chopped sweet pickles
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 cup mayonnaise
1/3 cup sweet pickle juice
1 teaspoon prepared yellow mustard


Place potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain and transfer potatoes to a large bowl.
Mash potatoes with a potato masher. Stir in onion, eggs, celery, pickles, salt, and black pepper. Mix mayonnaise, pickle juice, and mustard in a separate bowl; pour over potatoes and mix well. Cover and refrigerate at least 1 hour before serving.

2 pounds red potatoes, diced with peel
1/4 cup water
1/4 cup butter
1 1/4 teaspoons salt
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/2 cup milk, or as needed


Place the potatoes, water, and butter into a slow cooker. Season with salt, garlic powder, and pepper. Cover, and cook on Low for 7 hours, or High for 4 hours.
Mash potatoes with a masher or electric beater, adding the desired amount of milk to achieve a creamy consistency. Keep warm on low until serving.



6 Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled
1/4 cup butter, softened
1/2 cup sour cream
1/2 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened
3 cups shredded Cheddar-Monterey Jack cheese blend, divided
2 tablespoons butter, cut into small pieces
1 tablespoon bacon bits, or more to taste


Place potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Drain and transfer to a large bowl.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Mash potatoes with 1/4 cup butter until butter is melted. Beat sour cream and cream cheese into potato mixture until smooth; mix in 2 cups Cheddar-Monterey Jack cheese. Spread potato mixture into a 9x13-inch baking dish; sprinkle with remaining 1 cup Cheddar-Monterey Jack cheese, 2 tablespoons butter pieces, and bacon bits.
Bake in the preheated oven until bubbling, cheese is melted, and edges are crisp, 20 to 25 minutes.

8 cloves garlic
3 tablespoons olive oil
1 1/2 pounds baking potatoes, peeled and cubed
1 1/2 pounds yams, peeled and cubed
1/2 cup milk
1/4 cup butter
1/2 teaspoon dried rosemary
1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese
salt and pepper to taste


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease an 8 inch square baking dish.
Place garlic in small ovenproof bowl, and drizzle with olive oil. Roast for 30 minutes, or until very soft. Cool and peel the garlic, and reserve the oil.
Boil potatoes and yams in a large pot of salted water until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain, reserving 1 cup liquid.
Place potatoes and yams in a large bowl with milk, butter, rosemary, garlic, and reserved olive oil. Mash to desired consistency, adding reserved cooking liquid as needed. Mix in 1/4 cup cheese. Season with salt and pepper to taste. Transfer to the prepared baking dish. Sprinkle with remaining cheese.
Bake until heated through and golden on top, about 45 minutes.

6 cloves garlic, peeled
1/4 cup olive oil
7 baking potatoes, peeled and cubed
1/2 cup milk
1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese
2 tablespoons butter
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place garlic cloves in a small baking dish. Drizzle with olive oil, cover, and bake 45 minutes, or until golden brown.
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to boil. Add potatoes, and cook until tender but firm. Drain, and transfer to a large mixing bowl.
Place roasted garlic, milk, Parmesan cheese, and butter into the bowl with the potatoes. Season with salt and pepper. Beat to desired consistency with an electric mixer.

5 red potatoes
5 Yukon Gold potatoes
2 tablespoons butter
salt and pepper to taste
1/2 cup mayonnaise
1/2 cup prepared mustard
1/2 cup sour cream
1 stalk celery, finely chopped
1 red onion, finely diced
2 small sweet pickles, finely chopped
1 green bell pepper, chopped


Cube potatoes, if desired you may peel them. Place potatoes in a large saucepan and cover with water. Cook over medium heat until potatoes are tender. Drain and place cooked potatoes in a large bowl.
Mash potatoes with butter and salt and pepper to taste. Once mashed stir in the mayonnaise, mustard and sour cream, mixing well. Stir in the celery, onion, pickles and green pepper. Serve warm or at room temperature.





4 potatoes, chopped
1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened
1 small onion, finely chopped
2 eggs, beaten
1 tablespoon all-purpose flour
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/8 teaspoon pepper
1/2 (6 ounce) can French-fried onions, crushed


Preheat oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C).
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.  Add potatoes and cook until tender but still firm, about 15 minutes. Drain and mash.
In a large mixing bowl combine mashed potatoes, cream cheese, onion, eggs, flour, salt and pepper. Using an electric mixer, beat on medium speed for several minutes.  Spoon mixture into a 1 1/2 quart casserole dish and top with crushed fried onions.
Bake in preheated oven for 30 to 35 minutes.

5 potatoes, peeled and quartered
3 tablespoons butter
1/8 cup milk


Fill a medium size saucepan half full of water, and add a pinch of salt.  Bring to a boil.  Add potatoes to pot; the water should cover the potatoes. Simmer for 10 minutes, or until potatoes are easily pierced by a fork. Drain.
Transfer potatoes to a large mixing bowl. Add butter or margarine and milk, and mash with a potato masher.  When well mashed, whip for a minute or two with an electric mixer set on medium speed.

3/4 pound red potatoes, cut into 1-inch chunks
1 1/2 cups small fresh cauliflower florets
4 (4 ounce) boneless skinless chicken breast halves
1/2 cup KRAFT Lite Balsamic Vinaigrette Dressing
1 (8 ounce) package sliced fresh mushrooms
1 green bell pepper, chopped
1 yellow bell pepper, chopped
1 (14.5 ounce) can Italian-style diced tomatoes, undrained
1/2 cup PHILADELPHIA Chive & Onion 1/3 Less Fat than Cream Cheese
1/4 cup chopped fresh basil


Cook potatoes and cauliflower in boiling water in large saucepan 20 min. or until tender.
Meanwhile, cook chicken in large nonstick skillet sprayed with cooking spray on medium heat 3 to 4 min. on each side or until golden brown. Transfer to plate; cover to keep warm.
Add dressing, mushrooms and peppers to skillet; cook and stir 6 min. Add tomatoes; simmer 8 min. Return chicken to skillet; spoon sauce over chicken. Simmer 3 min. or until chicken is done (165 degrees F).
Drain potato mixture; return to pan. Add reduced-fat cream cheese; mash until potato mixture is fluffy. Serve topped with chicken, vegetables and basil.

4 large potatoes, peeled and quartered
1/4 cup butter
1 bunch green onions, sliced
1 tablespoon prepared horseradish
1 teaspoon garlic powder
2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese
1/2 cup milk
freshly ground black pepper to taste
salt to taste


Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add potatoes, and cook until tender, about 25 minutes; drain.
Melt butter in a medium saucepan over medium heat. Stir in green onions, and cook until tender, 3 to 5 minutes.
Mix green onions, horseradish, garlic powder, Parmesan cheese, milk, pepper and salt with potatoes. Mash together with a potato masher.



1 cup milk
1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened
1 (8 ounce) package onion dip
2 eggs, beaten
2 cups water
1/2 cup margarine
1 teaspoon salt
3 cups instant mashed potato flakes
2 tablespoons margarine


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease one 2 1/2 quart casserole dish.
Blend together milk, cream cheese, onion dip and eggs.
In a saucepan over medium heat, combine water, margarine and salt. Bring to a boil and add instant potato mix; mix well.  Add cream cheese mixture, mix well and pour into prepared dish.
Dot the top with  margarine and bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 30 to 45 minutes.

5 pounds potatoes, peeled and quartered
3 cups cauliflower florets
4 cloves garlic
1 large carrots, chopped
1/2 cup skim milk
3 tablespoons butter
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley, for garnish


Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.  Add potatoes, cauliflower, garlic and carrots. Cook until potatoes are tender but still firm, about 15 minutes. Drain.
Add the milk, butter, salt and pepper. Beat until smooth. Sprinkle with parsley and serve.

3 cups water
1 teaspoon salt
5 tablespoons butter
2 3/4 cups potato flakes
1 onion, minced
1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese
1 1/2 cups milk
1 (6 ounce) can French-fried onions


Preheat oven to 200 degrees F (95 degrees C).
In a medium saucepan bring water and salt to a boil over medium heat.  Add butter and stir in potato flakes, onion and cream cheese. Stir in milk until potatoes are soft and fluffy. Spoon into a 9x12 inch casserole dish and top with fried onions.
Bake in preheated oven for 45 minutes.

2 1/2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and cubed
1/4 teaspoon lemon juice (optional)
1 egg white
1/4 cup butter
1/2 cup half-and-half cream
salt and black pepper to taste


Place potatoes and lemon juice in a large saucepan, and add enough water to cover. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, and cook until tender, about 15 minutes.
Drain water from potatoes, and use a potato masher to mash. Stir in egg white and butter, and gradually mix in the half-and-half using the masher. Use more or less cream to reach your desired consistency. Season with salt and pepper to taste.

3 large russet potatoes, peeled and cut in half lengthwise
1/4 cup butter
1/2 cup whole milk
salt and ground black pepper to taste


Place the potatoes into a large pot, and cover with salted water. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Drain, and return the potatoes to the pot. Turn heat to high, and allow the potatoes to dry for about 30 seconds. Turn off the heat.
Mash the potatoes with a potato masher twice around the pot, then add the butter and milk. Continue to mash until smooth and fluffy. Whisk in the salt and black pepper until evenly distributed, about 15 seconds.



2 cups milk, or as needed
4 cups leftover mashed potatoes
2 cups cubed fully cooked ham
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1/2 cup shredded Cheddar cheese, or to taste


Heat milk in a large saucepan over medium heat. Stir mashed potatoes into the warm milk until the mixture is smooth, adding more milk as needed to make it smooth; add ham and stir. Cook the mixture until the ham cubes are hot in the middle, 5 to 10 minutes; season with salt and pepper and top with Cheddar cheese.

8 potatoes, peeled and quartered
1/2 cup milk
1/4 cup butter
2 cloves garlic, minced
salt to taste
1 pinch ground white pepper
2 tablespoons sesame seeds


Bring a large pot of water to boil; add potatoes, and boil until soft, about 20 to 25 minutes. Drain, and place in a large bowl.
Combine potatoes with milk, butter, garlic, salt, and pepper. Mix with an electric mixer or potato masher to your desired consistency. Sprinkle with sesame seeds.

5 cups chicken stock
1 pound Yukon Gold potatoes
1 clove garlic, minced
1 teaspoon saffron threads, crushed
1/2 cup milk
2 tablespoons olive oil
salt and ground black pepper to taste


Bring chicken stock, potatoes, garlic, and saffron to a boil in a large pot; cover and simmer until potatoes are tender, about 20 minutes. Drain potatoes and return to the pot; reserve cooking stock for another use, if desired. Add milk, olive oil, salt, and black pepper to potatoes. Mash potatoes with a potato masher until smooth.

10 large baking potatoes, peeled and cubed
3 tablespoons olive oil, or as needed
1 onion, diced
1 tablespoon ground turmeric
1 tablespoon salt, or to taste
2 teaspoons ground black pepper
1/2 teaspoon ground cumin


Place the potatoes into a large pot, and fill with enough water to cover. Bring to a boil over medium-high heat, and cook until tender and can be pierced with a fork, about 20 minutes.
Meanwhile, place 1 tablespoon olive oil in a skillet, and heat over medium-high heat. Stir in the onion and cook until translucent and lightly browned, about 6 minutes.
Drain water from the potatoes, and mash. Stir in the onion, and continue mashing. Mix in the turmeric, salt, pepper, and cumin. Add the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, or amount desired to make the potatoes more or less creamy.



4 1/2 tablespoons butter
1 1/2 cups frozen chopped onions
1 1/2 (14.5 ounce) cans chicken broth
1 (24 ounce) package frozen hash brown potatoes (such as Ore-Ida® Steam n' Mash®) Garlic Seasoned Potatoes)
3 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoons dried basil
3/4 teaspoon salt
3/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
3/4 teaspoon garlic salt
1 1/2 dashes hot sauce (such as Louisiana®)
1 (12 ounce) can evaporated milk


Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat; cook and stir onions until softened, about 5 minutes. Slowly pour chicken broth over onions; add potatoes, flour, basil, salt, pepper, garlic salt, and hot sauce.
Bring chicken broth to a boil; reduce heat to low and simmer, stirring and mashing potatoes often using a potato masher, until soup is cooked through and smooth, 20 to 25 minutes. Stir evaporated milk into soup.

1 medium head garlic
1 teaspoon olive oil
12 potatoes
1 cup butter, softened
4 teaspoons wasabi powder
water as needed
1/2 cup milk
salt and pepper to taste


Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Remove papery outer skin of garlic bulb. Rub with olive oil and place on a small baking sheet. Bake in preheated oven for 45 minutes, or until skin can be easily pierced with a fork.
While garlic is roasting, peel and quarter the potatoes. Place in a large pot and cover with water. Bring to a boil and allow potatoes to simmer until very soft, about 20 minutes. Drain water and mash potatoes with butter until smooth and fluffy.
Squeeze softened garlic cloves out of skin into pot; in a small bowl, mix wasabi powder with just enough water to form a thick paste. Mash garlic and wasabi paste into potatoes, pour in milk and continue to mash until mixture is light and fluffy; season with salt and pepper to taste and serve hot.

Unsalted butter for greasing casserole
2 1/2 cups Progresso® chicken broth
4 large russet potatoes, peeled, diced
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup unsalted butter
4 cloves garlic, finely chopped
1/2 cup grated Parmesan cheese
Salt and pepper to taste
1/2 cup Progresso® Italian style panko crispy bread crumbs


Heat oven to 375 degrees F. Lightly butter 2-quart casserole. Pour broth into 2-quart saucepan. Add potatoes; stir in 1 teaspoon salt. Heat to boiling. Reduce heat; cover and simmer about 10 minutes, stirring occasionally, until potatoes are tender. Place colander over medium bowl; drain potatoes, reserving broth.
Rinse and dry saucepan. Cook 2 tablespoons of the butter and the garlic in saucepan over low heat 2 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Return potatoes to saucepan with butter and garlic; mash with potato masher.
Add 1 cup of the reserved broth to potatoes; mix until smooth. Stir in remaining 2 tablespoons butter and 1/4 cup of the cheese. Adjust seasoning to taste with salt and pepper.
Spoon potato mixture into casserole. Top with remaining 1/4 cup cheese and the bread crumbs. Bake about 20 minutes or until golden brown.

50 pounds unpeeled red potatoes, quartered
8 pounds butter, room temperature
3 pounds Romano cheese, grated
3 cups chopped garlic
1/2 cup salt
1/2 cup dried oregano


Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.  Add potatoes and cook until tender but still firm,  about 45 minutes; drain.  Stir in butter, cheese, garlic, salt and oregano.  Mash with a potato masher or with an electric mixer.

5 pounds red potatoes, peeled and quartered
1 cup heavy cream
1/2 cup butter
salt and pepper to taste


Place potatoes in a large pot with enough water to cover. Bring to a boil, and cook until fork tender, about 20 minutes. Drain, add butter, and mash using a potato masher, ricer or mixer. Gradually beat in the heavy cream. Serve hot!



3 cups mashed potatoes
2 green onions, chopped
3 slices American cheese


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Mix the mashed potatoes with the green onions and spoon into one 8 inch square casserole dish.
Bake for 30 minutes. Spread slices of cheese over the top of the casserole for the last 5 minutes of baking.

3 cups mashed potatoes
2 green onions, chopped
3 slices processed American cheese


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Mix the mashed potatoes with the green onions and spoon into one 8x8 inch casserole dish.
Bake for 30 minutes. Spread slices of cheese over the top of the casserole for the last 5 minutes of baking.

3 large potatoes, peeled and cubed
3/4 cup reduced fat sour cream
1/2 cup nonfat milk
2 tablespoons Dijon mustard
garlic salt to taste
ground black pepper to taste


Place the cubed potatoes in a pot with enough water to cover. Bring to a boil, and cook 15 minutes, or until tender.
Drain potatoes and transfer to a bowl. Mash with a potato masher, and gradually mix in the sour cream, nonfat milk, and Dijon mustard. Season with garlic salt and pepper.

1/2 cup butter
2 (7 ounce) cans lobster meat, diced
1 medium onion, diced
2 large stalks  celery, diced
2 carrots, peeled and chopped
1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme
1/8 teaspoon chopped fresh parsley
1 teaspoon whole black peppercorns
1/8 teaspoon seasoned salt
1 bay leaf
1/8 teaspoon lemon juice
1/4 cup all-purpose flour
2 tablespoons tomato paste
1/2 cup cream sherry
1 quart heavy cream
1/2 teaspoon salt and pepper to taste


Melt the butter in a large pot over medium heat.  Stir in the lobster, onion, celery, carrot, thyme, parsley, peppercorns, seasoned salt, bay leaf, and lemon juice.  Cook, stirring constantly, over medium heat to soften the vegetables, about 10 minutes.  Stir in the flour and tomato paste; cook for another 5 minutes, stirring constantly.  Pour in sherry and cook for a minute or two to cook off the alcohol.
Pour in the heavy cream, and bring to a simmer.  Reduce heat to low, simmer until the sauce has thickened, and will coat the back of a spoon, about 15 minutes.  Strain through a fine mesh strainer, and discard the solids.  Season to taste with salt and pepper.



1 medium head garlic
1/2 cup low fat, low sodium chicken broth
3 potatoes, peeled and cubed
1 cup warm skim milk
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 tablespoon dried thyme
1/2 teaspoon dried rosemary, crushed
salt and pepper to taste


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Slice the top off the head of garlic to expose the cloves. Place the whole head and the broth in a small casserole dish and cover. Bake for 1 hour; remove dish from the oven and set aside.
Boil the cubed potatoes in water for 20 minutes or until soft. Drain. Add the warm milk and olive oil. Beat with mixer until potatoes are fluffy. Add the herbs.
Gently squeeze the garlic out from each of the cloves, leaving behind the skins. Add all the garlic pulp to the potatoes. Beat again and season with salt and pepper.

4 slices bacon
1 (14 ounce) package fresh or thawed frozen pizza dough
1 cup prepared mashed potatoes
1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese
1/4 cup sour cream, for topping


Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Cook bacon in a large deep skillet over medium heat until crisp. Drain, crumble and set aside.
Spread the pizza dough out on a lightly greased baking sheet. Spread mashed potatoes over the dough, leaving a small crust around the outside if you want. Sprinkle the cheese and bacon evenly over the potatoes.
Bake the pizza in the preheated oven until the cheese is melted and bubbly, about 20 minutes. Let cool for 2 minutes, then slice into wedges and top each one with a small dollop of sour cream.





9 large potatoes
1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese
1 cup sour cream
2 tablespoons butter
1/4 cup minced green onions
salt and ground black pepper, to taste


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 1 1/2-quart baking dish.
Place potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain.
Mash potatoes in the pot with a potato masher or fork until smooth. Stir in cream cheese, sour cream, butter, green onions, salt, and pepper. Spoon into prepared baking dish.
Bake in preheated oven until golden and bubbly, about 1 1/2 hours.





















1 pound Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and quartered
1/2 cup whole milk
1/4 cup butter, cut into pieces
1 pinch ground nutmeg
kosher salt to taste
ground white pepper to taste


Place the potatoes into a large pot, and cover with salted water. Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain and allow to steam dry for a minute or two, and place the potatoes in a large bowl.
Bring the milk to a boil in a small saucepan over low-medium heat.
Whip the potatoes with an electric mixer until smooth; pour the boiling milk over the potatoes, and add butter, nutmeg, salt, and white pepper. Whip on Medium speed until light and fluffy.









1 1/2 pounds new potatoes, scrubbed and quartered
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup butter, softened
1/2 cup heavy cream
salt and pepper to taste
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 1/2 cups whole kernel corn
1 (10 ounce) package fresh spinach, stems removed
1 1/2 teaspoons minced garlic


Place potatoes in a pot and cover with water. Bring to a boil and add 1/4 teaspoon salt. Boil until potatoes are tender, about 15 minutes. Drain water and mash potatoes together with butter and heavy cream until light and fluffy. Season with salt and pepper to taste.
Heat a large skillet over medium heat. Pour in olive oil and saute corn 2 to 3 minutes. Stir spinach and garlic into skillet and saute an additional 1 minute, until spinach is wilted. Fold mixture into mashed potatoes. Adjust seasonings and serve immediately.



2 cups chilled mashed potatoes
2 eggs, slightly beaten, (separate bowls)
2 tablespoons chopped onion
1/2 tablespoon black pepper
1/2 cup flour for dredging
1 cup Kikkoman Panko Bread Crumbs
3 tablespoons vegetable oil for pan frying


In a medium bowl, combine potatoes, one egg, onion and black pepper. Divide potato mixture into 8 equal portions. Use your hands to form 1/2 inch thick patties. Dredge patties in flour, then in egg and coat with Panko Bread Crumbs. Meanwhile heat vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium high heat. Add potato patties to the hot oil. Cook until well browned, turn with a spatula and brown on the other side.

For the Parmesan cannoli:
2 cups shredded Parmesan cheese
For the filling:
1 (4 ounce) package Idahoan® Roasted Garlic Flavored Mashed Potatoes, prepared
2 tablespoons green onion, washed and chopped fine
1 tablespoon Italian parsley, chopped


For the Parmesan cannoli: In a non stick skillet on medium high heat, scatter shredded Parmesan in a 3 to 4 inch diameter, keeping the cheese loose to create a lacy effect.
Cook until golden brown on one side and gently flip over to brown on the other side - about 1-2 minutes per side.
Using a wooden spoon handle, quickly and carefully wrap the each warm cannoli around the handle to form a cylinder. Gently slide off and set aside. Repeat to make approximately 25 cannoli.
For the filling: Stir the green onion and parsley into the prepared Roasted Garlic Mashed Potatoes. Cover and cool slightly.
When potatoes are cool enough to handle, but still warm, put them in a pastry bag and carefully fill the Parmesan cannoli tubes with the mashed potatoes.
Serve immediately.

4 cups prepared instant mashed potatoes
2 cups shredded Cheddar cheese
4 slices American cheese
3/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese
1 (3 ounce) can bacon bits
1 finely chopped onion
salt and pepper to taste
1 pinch garlic powder
1/4 cup butter, melted
1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese
1 cup dry bread crumbs
1 pinch onion powder


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a 2 quart casserole, combine mashed potatoes, Cheddar cheese, American cheese, Parmesan cheese, bacon bits (reserving 1 tablespoon of the bacon bits for later use), onion, salt, pepper and garlic powder. Stir until the cheeses begin to melt.
Combine melted butter, 1/4 cup Parmesan cheese, reserved bacon bits, onion powder and bread crumbs.  Crumble mixture over the potato-cheese mixture.
Bake in preheated oven for 30 minutes, or until the topping has browned.

Pot Roast:
1 (3 pound) beef chuck roast
salt and ground black pepper to taste
4 (10.5 ounce) cans condensed beef broth (such as Campbell's®)
1 cup water
1 white onion, cut into large wedges
5 cloves garlic
1 (16 ounce) package carrots, peeled
1 sprig fresh rosemary
Mashed Potatoes:
5 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and diced
1 (12 ounce) can evaporated milk, or as needed
1/2 cup butter
salt to taste


Season chuck roast with salt and black pepper; sear in a large, deep skillet or Dutch oven over medium heat until browned, about 10 minutes per side.
Pour beef broth and water into the skillet with roast. Arrange onion wedges and garlic cloves around the meat. Spread carrots atop roast and place sprig of rosemary atop carrots. Turn heat to medium-low and simmer until tender, about 6 hours.
Cover potatoes with water in a large pot and bring to a boil; reduce heat to low and simmer until tender, about 30 minutes. Drain. Mash potatoes with butter and half the evaporated milk until smooth; slowly mash remaining evaporated milk into potatoes to achieve the desired consistency. Season with salt.
Remove 1 or 2 cloves of garlic from skillet and mash cloves on top of the roast; serve with mashed potatoes.





5 baking potatoes, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch cubes
1 cup butter
1 1/2 tablespoons garlic powder
1 tablespoon dried parsley
1 1/2 cups shredded Cheddar cheese
1 pound cubed cooked ham


Place potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain. Transfer potatoes to a bowl; add butter, garlic powder, and parsley. Mash with a potato masher. Stir in Cheddar cheese and ham.

Chive Cream:
3/4 cup sour cream, divided
1 teaspoon finely chopped chives or green onions
Cheddar Crisps:
8 ounces Borden® Medium Cheddar Cheese Chunk, divided
Potato Puffs:
2 medium russet potatoes, peeled and chopped
2 tablespoons Borden® Butter
1/8 teaspoon garlic powder
1/8 teaspoon seasoned salt
1/8 teaspoon dry mustard
1/4 teaspoon salt
15 bacon strips, cooked crisp and crumbled
1 cup beer batter dry mix
Oil, as needed for frying


MIX 1/2 cup sour cream and chopped chives together in a small bowl. Refrigerate.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.  Shred 1/2 of cheese to make about 1 cup of shreds.  Divide shreds into 8 piles, about 2-inches apart, on a silicone baking mat or parchment paper lined cookie sheet and bake about 5 minutes or until cheese melts and becomes crisp. Let cool 5 minutes and remove from baking sheet. Reduce oven temperature to 180 degrees F.
Cut the remaining 4 oz. cheese into 8 1/2-inch cubes.  Form balls of mashed potato mixture, using an ice cream scoop.  Make a small hole in center of each potato ball and fill with one cube Borden® Cheese. Cover with additional mashed potato so cheese is hidden inside. Refrigerate until ready to fry.
Heat oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat to 375 degrees F. Prepare beer batter according to package directions; dip each mashed potato ball into batter, and deep-fry for about 5 minutes or until golden brown. Remove from oil, and drain on paper towel. Reheat oil to 375 degrees F between batches. Keep potato puffs warm in the holding oven.
Place potato puff on a plate; top with dollop of chive cream, a few chives and the Cheddar crisp. Serve immediately.

1 (4 ounce) package Idahoan® Bacon & Cheddar Chipotle Flavored Mashed Potatoes
2 pounds lean ground beef
1 cup bread crumbs
3/4 cup onion, finely chopped
1/2 cup red bell pepper, finely chopped
1/2 cup canned corn, drained
1/2 cup milk
1 egg
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 1/2 teaspoons chili powder
1 teaspoon cumin
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
1/2 cup thick and chunky salsa
Avocados, sliced for garnish


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Prepare mashed potatoes following package directions. Set aside.
In a large bowl, combine all the ingredients from beef through black pepper. Mix thoroughly but lightly.
Shape mixture into a 10x4-inch loaf. Place on rack coated with cooking spray on broiler pan.
Bake 1 hour and 20 minutes, or until internal temperature is 160 degrees F.
Let stand 5 minutes then frost with the mashed potatoes. Top with salsa and sliced avocados.

7 cups low-sodium chicken broth
3 pounds potatoes, peeled and cubed
1 1/2 pounds rutabagas, peeled and cubed
1 1/4 pounds parsnips, peeled and cut into 1 1/2 inch pieces
8 cloves garlic
1 bay leaf
1 teaspoon dried thyme
3/4 cup butter, softened
3 onions, thinly sliced
salt to taste
ground black pepper to taste


Combine chicken broth, potatoes, rutabagas, parsnips, cloves, bay leaf, and thyme in a large pot. Bring to a boil.  Reduce heat, and cover partially.  Simmer until vegetables are very tender, about 30 minutes. Drain.
Transfer vegetables to large bowl. Add 1/2 cup butter or margarine . Use an electric mixer, beat mixture until mashed but still chunky.  Season with salt and pepper. Transfer mashed vegetables to a buttered 13 x 9 x 2 inch baking dish.
Melt remaining 1/4 cup butter or margarine in a heavy large skillet over medium-high heat. Add sliced onions.  Saute until beginning to brown, about 5 minutes.  Reduce heat to medium-low.  Saute until onions are tender and golden brown, about 15 minutes.  Season with salt and pepper.  Spread onions evenly over mashed vegetables. Casserole can be prepared up to 1 day ahead.  Cover and refrigerate.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).  Bake, uncovered, for 25 minutes, or until heated through and top begins to crisp.



6 tablespoons minced shallots
2 teaspoons olive oil
1/2 cup low fat, low sodium chicken broth
2 teaspoons minced fresh thyme
ground black pepper to taste
salt to taste
3 small Yukon Gold potatoes
1/2 cup evaporated skim milk


Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Place the shallots, oil, broth, thyme, pepper and salt in a small casserole dish. Cover and roast until the shallots are very soft and brown, about 45 minutes. Remove the casserole from the oven.
Cook the potatoes in a large pot of boiling water until soft, about 20 minutes. Drain and place the potatoes back in the pot over low heat to dry.
Heat the milk over medium low heat. Add it to the potatoes and beat with a mixer. Add the roasted shallots and beat again until potatoes are smooth.

1 head broccoli, cut into florets
8 ounces whole button mushrooms
3 small zucchini, chopped
2 cups chopped carrots
1/4 cup olive oil
salt and pepper to taste
3 cups water
1 cup milk
1/4 cup butter
1 (7.6 ounce) package instant mashed potato flakes
1 (12 ounce) package corn tortillas
3 cups enchilada sauce
8 ounces shredded Cheddar cheese


Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
In a large mixing bowl, combine broccoli, mushrooms, zucchini, and carrots. Drizzle the vegetables with olive oil, and season with salt and pepper. Spread vegetables in a single layer in a shallow baking dish. Roast vegetables in the preheated oven for 30 to 40 minutes; stir halfway through their cooking time. When finished cooking, remove from the oven, and reduce oven temperature to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bring water, milk, and butter to a boil in a large pot. Remove the pot from heat, and mix in the mashed potato flakes. Let stand two minutes, then stir the mashed potatoes with a fork until they are smooth. Stir in roasted vegetables.
In a dry, nonstick skillet over medium heat, quickly heat each tortilla on both sides to make pliable. Dip the tortillas in enchilada sauce. Put a large spoonful (approximately 1/4 to 1/3 cup) of potato-veggie mixture into the center of each tortilla. Top mixture with about 1 to 2 tablespoons cheese, and roll tortillas. Place seam-side down in a 9x13 inch baking dish. Pour extra sauce over top, and sprinkle with remaining cheese.
Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for approximately 20 to 30 minutes, or until the enchiladas are heated through.

Idahoan Baby Reds with Peas:
1 (4 ounce) package Idahoan® Baby Reds Flavored Mashed Potatoes
1/4 cup half and half
1 tablespoon butter, softened
Scallions, green parts, finely chopped
1 cup fresh peas or frozen peas, thawed
Spring Meatloaf:
1 1/2 pounds ground lamb or ground beef
Salt and pepper
2 slices white bread, crusts trimmed
1/4 cup milk
1 bunch scallions, white parts finely chopped
1/4 cup fresh parsley, finely chopped
1/4 cup fresh mint, finely chopped
2 cloves garlic, finely chopped
1 egg, lightly beaten
1 tablespoon lemon zest
Extra virgin olive oil for drizzling


Position a rack in the middle of the oven and preheat to 400 degrees F. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper.
Place the meat in a large bowl and season liberally with salt and pepper. In a small bowl, soak the bread in the milk, then crumble the bread into the meat. Mix the scallion whites, parsley, mint, garlic, egg, lemon zest and a healthy drizzle of olive oil into the meat. Using your hands, form 4 mini loaves about 1 1/2-inch thick or shape into one large loaf.
Place the meatloaf on the prepared baking sheet and roast in the oven until cooked through, about 15-18 minutes. Prepare Idahoan Baby Reds following package instructions. Stir in half and half, butter, scallions and peas. Serve hot with meatloaf.

1 pastry for a single pie crust
4 cups cubed cooked turkey
1 (10.75 ounce) can condensed cream of chicken soup
2 cups water, divided
2 (1.2 ounce) packages turkey gravy mix
1 (16 ounce) package frozen mixed vegetables
4 cups mashed potatoes


Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Press the pie crust into the bottom of a 9x13-inch baking dish, then layer the turkey meat over the crust; spoon the cream of chicken soup over the turkey.
Bring 1 cup of water to a boil in a saucepan over medium heat, and stir in the mixed vegetables; cook until the vegetables are tender, about 5 minutes. Whisk the dry gravy mix with the remaining 1 cup of water, then stir the gravy mixture into the mixed vegetables. Bring to a boil, then simmer until thickened, about 1 minute. Pour the vegetables and gravy over the cream of chicken soup layer in the pan. Spread the mashed potatoes over the top of the pie.
Bake in the preheated oven until the filling is bubbling, about 45 minutes.

1 gallon water
4 baking potatoes, peeled and cut into cubes
2 tablespoons kosher salt
1/3 pound bacon, diced
3 shallots, minced
1/2 cup cream cheese
1/3 cup sour cream
1/4 cup butter
2 teaspoons minced garlic
kosher salt and cracked black pepper to taste
2 tablespoons chopped Italian parsley


Pour water into a 6-quart pot; add potatoes and 2 tablespoons kosher salt. Place pot onto a cold burner. Bring the water to a boil over medium-high heat. Cook potatoes at a boil until potatoes are fork-tender, about 12 minutes; drain.
Cook and stir bacon in a skillet over medium-high heat until crispy, 7 to 10 minutes. Remove bacon with a slotted spoon to a plate lined with paper towel to drain. Drain grease from the skillet, reserving 2 tablespoons in the skillet. Return skillet to medium-high heat. Cook and stir shallots in reserved drippings until translucent, 2 to 3 minutes.
Combine the shallots with the cream cheese, sour cream, butter, and garlic in a large mixing bowl. Dump the potatoes atop the cream cheese mixture; beat with an electric hand mixer to desired consistency. Season with kosher salt and cracked black pepper to taste. Transfer potatoes to a serving dish. Sprinkle parsley and bacon over the potatoes to serve.



1 (4 ounce) package Idahoan® Four Cheese Flavored Mashed Potatoes
2 large portobello mushrooms, or more depending on size
Oil
Salt and pepper
1/2 cup Cheddar cheese, shredded
2 tablespoons bell pepper, diced and lightly sauteed
2 tablespoons scallions, chopped


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F or grill to 400 degrees F.
Clean the mushrooms and rub with oil.
Sprinkle with salt and pepper and place on a foil lined baking tray.
Bake for 5 minutes until tender. Or if grilling, turn mushrooms once or twice while cooking on the grill until tender.
While mushrooms are cooking, prepare Idahoan Four Cheese Mashed Potatoes according to package instructions.
Fold in the cheddar cheese and the peppers.
When mushrooms are cooked, sprinkle with a bit more salt and pepper and stuff with the mashed potatoes.
Top with the scallions and serve hot.

3/4 pound bacon, cut into 1 inch pieces
1 cup crumbled feta cheese
3 tablespoons sour cream
1/8 tablespoon dried oregano
1/8 teaspoon ground black pepper
3 (4 ounce) skinless, boneless chicken breast halves
1 cup all-purpose flour
2 eggs, beaten
1 cup dry bread crumbs
4 potatoes, peeled and cubed
1 sweet onion (such as Vidalia®), chopped
2 tablespoons butter
3 tablespoons sour cream


Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Place the bacon in a large, deep skillet, and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned but still soft. Reserve the bacon grease in the skillet, and cool the bacon slices on a paper towel-lined plate. Once cool, mix the bacon together with the feta cheese, 3 tablespoons of sour cream, oregano, and black pepper in a small bowl; set aside.
Lay a chicken breast flat onto your work surface. Use the tip of a sharp boning or paring knife to cut a 2-inch pocket in the chicken breast. Repeat with the remaining chicken breasts. Spoon the bacon mixture into the pockets. Pour the flour, egg, and bread crumbs into separate, shallow dishes. Gently press the chicken breasts into the flour to coat. Dip each into the beaten egg, then press into bread crumbs.
Reheat the bacon grease over medium heat. Brown the chicken breasts on both sides in the hot fat, about 2 minutes per side. Reserve the bacon grease in the pan. Place the breasts on a baking dish, and bake in the preheated oven until the chicken is no longer pink and the filling is hot, 20 to 25 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted into the center should read at least 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).
Meanwhile, place the potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water. Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain.
While the potatoes are boiling, cook the onion in the remaining bacon grease over medium heat until very tender and golden brown, about 10 minutes. Once the potatoes are done, mash together with the onion, butter, and remaining 3 tablespoons of sour cream. Serve the chicken breasts accompanied by the mashed potatoes.

1 pound red potatoes, cut into chunks
5 cloves garlic, minced
1/2 teaspoon salt
3 tablespoons butter
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/4 cup hazelnuts
1/4 cup seasoned bread crumbs
2 halibut fillets
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 tablespoon butter
5 tablespoons butter
3 tablespoons vegetable broth


Place the potatoes into a large pot, and cover with water. Bring to a boil over high heat; reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. While the potatoes are boiling, mash the garlic with 1/2 teaspoon of salt into a smooth paste. Drain potatoes, then mash together with the garlic paste, butter, and pepper. Keep warm.
Preheat an oven to 500 degrees F (260 degrees C).
While the potatoes are cooking, Preheat an oven to 500 degrees F (260 degrees C). Pulse the hazelnuts and bread crumbs in a food processor until finely ground, but not ground into a paste. Pour onto a shallow dish. Season the halibut fillets on both sides with 1/4 teaspoon of salt. Gently press one side of the halibut fillets into the nut mixture, and set aside.
Heat the olive oil and 1 tablespoon of butter in an ovenproof skillet over medium-high heat. Place the halibut fillets nut-side-up into the skillet; cook until the halibut begins to brown, 3 to 4 minutes. Turn the fillets over, and place into the preheated oven. Bake, nut-side-down until the fish flakes easily with a fork, about 5 minutes.
Melt the remaining 5 tablespoons of butter in a small saucepan over medium-high heat until it turns nut brown. Stir in the vegetable broth, and bring to a simmer.
To serve, mound the potatoes onto the center of each dinner plate. Place a halibut fillet on top of the mashed potatoes nut-side-up, then drizzle with the browned butter sauce.

1 (4 ounce) package Idahoan® Buttery Homestyle Flavored Mashed Potatoes, prepared
1 (10.75 ounce) can  condensed cream of mushroom soup
3/4 cup milk
1/8 teaspoon ground black pepper
2 (15 ounce) cans green beans, drained*
1 1/3 cups French's® French Fried Onions, divided


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F.
Mix soup and milk, then add pepper and green beans.
Stir in 2/3 cup French fried onions. Pour into a 1 1/2 quart casserole.
Bake for 30 minutes or until hot.
Remove from oven and stir casserole. Top with prepared mashed potatoes.
Adjust oven to broil. Toast potatoes under broiler until lightly brown, about 2 minutes.
Top with remaining French fried onions and serve.



2 large baking potatoes
1/2 pound lean bacon
3/4 cup shredded mild Cheddar cheese
1/2 cup sour cream
1/4 cup milk
2 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted
1 teaspoon dried chives
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
3/4 cup shredded mild Cheddar cheese


Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Grease a 9x13-inch casserole dish.
Poke a few holes into each potato using a toothpick.
Bake potatoes in the preheated oven until fully cooked, about 1 hour. Cool for about 15 minutes.
Place the bacon in a large skillet and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain the bacon slices on paper towels and crumble.
Cut a thin slice from one side of each potato; carefully scoop out the flesh and transfer to a bowl. Discard skins. Mix 3/4 cup Cheddar cheese, sour cream, milk, butter, chives, salt, black pepper, and garlic powder with potatoes. Spread potato mixture into the prepared casserole dish; top with 3/4 cup Cheddar cheese and crumbled bacon.
Bake in the preheated oven until just bubbling, 10 to 15 minutes. Cool for at least 5 minutes before serving.

2 russet potatoes, peeled and cut into chunks
1 large celery root, peeled and cut into chunks
1/4 cup butter
1 pinch freshly grated nutmeg, or to taste
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
1/4 cup heavy whipping cream


Place potatoes and celery root into a large pot and cover with salted water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain and coarsely mash with a potato masher.
Mash butter, nutmeg, salt, and black pepper into potato mixture until desired consistency is reached. Fold cream into puree until just combined.

3 large russet potatoes, peeled and quartered
2 tablespoons butter at room temperature
4 ounces kale, trimmed and chopped
1 leek, light parts only, rinsed and chopped
1 bunch green onions, chopped, white and green parts separated
2 tablespoons butter at room temperature
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1/4 cup heavy whipping cream
2 tablespoons butter, for serving
1/4 cup green onions to garnish


Boil potatoes in a large pot of salted water until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain and transfer potatoes to a large bowl. Add 2 tablespoons butter and lightly mash the potatoes.
Boil kale and leeks in a large pot of water until tender, 5 to 7 minutes. Drain and transfer kale and leeks to a blender. Add white parts of the green onions and 2 more tablespoons butter; blend until smooth, scraping down sides as needed, 1 to 3 minutes.
Stir pureed kale mixture into the bowl of potatoes and continue to mash. Season with salt and black pepper to taste. Add cream and stir until desired texture. Top with 2 tablespoons butter and green parts of the green onions.

4 large russet potatoes, scrubbed and cut into pieces
1/4 cup butter
4 slices thick sliced bacon
1/3 cup chopped onion
1 cup cottage cheese
1 1/2 cups chopped green onion
1/2 cup shredded Cheddar cheese
salt and pepper to taste
2 tablespoons butter, cut into pieces
1/4 cup shredded Cheddar cheese
1/4 teaspoon paprika, for garnish


Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 2-quart baking dish.
Place the potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water. Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain and allow to steam dry for a minute or two. Return potatoes to pot and roughly mash them with 1/4 cup butter.
Meanwhile, place the bacon in a large, deep skillet, and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Remove all but 1 teaspoon of bacon drippings from the skillet. Drain the bacon slices on a paper towel-lined plate, and allow to cool. Crumble the bacon and set aside.
Place chopped onion in the skillet and cook and stir over medium-low heat until the onion has softened and turned translucent, about 5 minutes. Scrape onion out of the skillet over the potatoes.
Stir reserved bacon, cottage cheese, green onion, 1/2 cup of shredded Cheddar cheese, salt, and pepper into the potato mixture and mix lightly to combine. Spoon into the prepared baking dish, dot with 2 tablespoons of butter, and sprinkle with 1/4 cup of Cheddar cheese. Garnish top with paprika for color, and bake, uncovered, in oven for 30 minutes, until the top begins to brown and the cheese is melted and bubbling.

4 slices bacon, or more to taste
3 pounds potatoes, or more to taste, peeled and cut into chunks
1/2 cup butter
1 (16 ounce) container sour cream
8 ounces shredded Cheddar cheese
1/2 chopped fresh chives (optional)
salt and ground black pepper to taste


Place the bacon in a large skillet and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain the bacon slices on paper towels.
Place potatoes into a large pot of lightly salted water; bring to a boil, reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain potatoes and return them to the pot.
Mash butter into the potatoes with a potato masher or electric hand mixer until melted completely into the potatoes; add sour cream and continue to beat until combined. Crumble bacon into the potato mixture; add Cheddar cheese and chives and stir. Season potatoes with salt and pepper.



8 large baking potatoes, peeled and quartered
2 teaspoons butter, divided
1/2 cup milk, or as needed
salt and pepper to taste
1 1/2 pounds beef sausage
1/2 cup diced onion
1 (.75 ounce) packet dry brown gravy mix
1 cup water, or as needed


Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Place potatoes in a saucepan with enough water to cover. Bring to a boil, and cook until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain, and mash with 1 teaspoon of butter, and enough milk to reach your desired creaminess. Continue mashing, or beat with an electric mixer, until smooth. Season with salt and pepper.
In a large skillet over medium heat, cook the sausage until heated through. Remove from pan, and set aside. Add remaining teaspoon of butter to the skillet, and fry the onions over medium heat until tender. Mix gravy mix and water as directed on the package, and add to the skillet with the onions. Simmer, stirring constantly, to form a thick gravy.
Pour half of the gravy into a square casserole dish so that is coats the bottom. Place sausages in a layer over the gravy (you can butterfly the sausages if you wish). Pour remaining gravy over them, then top with mashed potatoes.
Bake uncovered for 20 minutes in the preheated oven, or until potatoes are evenly brown.

2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and cut into cubes
1 pound sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into cubes
1 tablespoon chicken bouillon granules
3/4 cup milk, warmed
1/4 cup butter
1 1/2 tablespoons brown sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground white pepper
1/4 teaspoon allspice
1/8 teaspoon ground nutmeg


Combine russet potatoes and sweet potatoes in a large pot. Pour enough water over the potatoes to cover; add chicken bouillon. Bring water to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until tender, 15 to 20 minutes; drain.
Dump drained potatoes in a large bowl; add milk, butter, brown sugar, salt, pepper, allspice, and nutmeg. Whip the potato mixture with a potato masher or immersion blender until a desired consistency is reached.

3 tablespoons butter
4 onion, sliced and separated into rings
1 tablespoon white wine vinegar
1/2 teaspoon ground dried thyme
6 large baking potatoes, peeled and cubed
1 tablespoon Dijon mustard
2 tablespoons prepared horseradish, or to taste
salt and cracked black pepper to taste
1/4 cup softened butter
3/4 cup half-and-half


Melt 3 tablespoons butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Add the onions and cook for 5 minutes. Reduce heat to medium, and continue cooking, stirring frequently, until the onions have softened, and achieved a deep brown color, 15 to 25 minutes. Stir in vinegar and thyme, and cook for 5 minutes more.
While the onions are cooking, place cubed potatoes in large pot and cover with salted water. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until the potatoes can be pierced easily with a fork, about 20 minutes. Drain the potatoes in a colander, and allow to steam for a minute.
To finish the dish, transfer the potatoes to a serving bowl, and use a potato masher to mix with Dijon mustard, horseradish, salt and cracked black pepper until smooth. Mix in softened butter, caramelized onions, and half-and-half until onions are distributed evenly.

4 large sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1-inch cubes
4 ounces Neufchatel cheese (such as Organic Valley®), softened
1/2 teaspoon sea salt, or to taste


Place potatoes into a large pot and cover with cold water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer potatoes until tender, about 20 minutes; drain and transfer potatoes to a large mixing bowl.
Beat potatoes with an electric mixer until smooth; add cream cheese and beat again until smooth. Season potatoes with sea salt.



8 medium baking potatoes, peeled and diced
1/2 cup chopped onion
3 cloves garlic, sliced
1 teaspoon dried basil
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 cup sour cream
1/4 cup butter or margarine
1/2 cup milk
12 drops yellow food coloring
salt and pepper to taste


Place the potatoes into a large pot, and fill with enough water to cover by 1 inch. Add the onion, garlic, basil, 1 teaspoon of salt and 1/2 teaspoon of pepper, and bring to a boil. Cook until potatoes are tender, about 15 minutes.
Drain the contents of the pot in a colander, then transfer to a large bowl. Add the sour cream, butter, milk and food coloring, and beat with an electric mixer until light. Adjust milk if needed. Do not beat too long, or the potatoes will become stiff and pasty. Taste and adjust salt and pepper before serving.

1 1/2 pounds red potatoes, cut into large chunks
1 clove garlic, halved lengthwise
1/2 cup milk
1 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley


Place the potatoes and garlic into a large pot, and just cover with salted water. Bring to a boil; reduce heat to low, and cover. Simmer until very tender, about 20 minutes. Drain.  Allow to steam dry for a minute or two.
Return the potatoes to the pot. Pour in milk, and season with salt; mash until smooth. Stir in the parsley.

15 small red potatoes, skin on
1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, cubed
2 tablespoons butter
5 green onions, chopped
1/2 teaspoon garlic salt
salt and pepper to taste


Cook potatoes in a large saucepan of boiling water until tender, about 15 minutes. Drain well.
Return potatoes to pan, and stir in the cream cheese, butter, and garlic salt. Use a fork to mash potatoes, leaving them fairly lumpy. Fold in green onions. Season with salt and pepper to taste.

2 pounds potatoes, peeled and cubed
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 tablespoon salt
2 tablespoons softened butter
2 chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, minced
2 cloves garlic, minced
1/4 cup shredded Cheddar cheese
1/4 cup shredded white Cheddar cheese
1/4 cup reduced-fat mayonnaise
1/4 cup heavy cream
1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro


Place the potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water. Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain and allow to steam dry for a minute or two.
Return the potatoes to the pot, and mash with the black pepper, salt, butter, chipotle peppers, and garlic until smooth. Fold in the Cheddar cheeses, mayonnaise, heavy cream, and cilantro until the cheeses have melted.

5 potatoes, peeled and quartered
2 tablespoons butter, divided
ground black pepper to taste
1/2 cup sour cream
1 tablespoon prepared horseradish
2 teaspoons minced parsley


Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.  Add potatoes and cook until tender but still firm, about 15 minutes. Drain, and mash with 1 tablespoon butter and black pepper.  Stir in sour cream, horseradish and parsley.  Whip potatoes and place in medium serving bowl.
Melt remaining 1 tablespoon butter and pour over potatoes.  Serve immediately.



5 pounds baking potatoes, peeled and cubed
2 teaspoons garlic powder
1 teaspoon onion powder
1 tablespoon sea salt
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/2 cup softened butter
1 cup heavy cream


Place the potatoes in a large Dutch oven, cover with water and add the garlic powder, onion powder, salt, and pepper. Bring the potatoes to a boil over high heat, then reduce heat to medium and cook until tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Drain well.
Place the drained potatoes in a large bowl, add butter and whip the potatoes with an electric mixer until there are no lumps. Pour in the cream and continue whipping until the potatoes are fluffy.

5 pounds yellow potatoes, peeled and cut into 1/2-inch cubs
1/4 cup butter at room temperature
1/4 cup cream cheese at room temperature
1/2 cup warm milk, or more as needed
1 tablespoon sour cream
salt and ground black pepper to taste


Place potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain and transfer to a large bowl.
Beat butter and cream cheese into the potatoes with an electric mixer until butter is nearly melted. Add milk and sour cream; beat until smooth. Season with salt and black pepper.

6 Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and cubed
2 sweet potatoes, peeled and cubed
2 tablespoons butter
1/2 cup heavy cream
1 tablespoon chicken bouillon granules
1 2/3 tablespoons brown sugar
2 teaspoons black pepper
2 cups shredded Monterey Jack cheese


Place the potatoes and sweet potatoes in a large pot with enough water to cover. Bring to a boil. Cook about 15 minutes, until tender but firm. Remove from heat, and drain.
Preheat the oven broiler.
In a large bowl, mash the potatoes. Gradually mix in butter, heavy cream, chicken bouillon, brown sugar, and pepper. Transfer the mixture to a medium baking dish, and top with Monterey Jack cheese.
Broil uncovered in the preheated oven 10 minutes, or until the cheese is melted and lightly browned.

1 (16 ounce) package baby carrots
1 sweet potato, peeled and cubed
1/4 cup butter
1/2 cup applesauce, or as needed
1/4 cup brown sugar
1/2 cup raisins


Place carrots and potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water. Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain and allow to steam dry for a minute or two.
Meanwhile, melt the butter in a small saucepan over medium heat, then stir in the applesauce and brown sugar until dissolved. When the potatoes are ready, transfer to a serving bowl and mash until smooth. Then fold in the applesauce mixture and raisins.



1 pound potatoes
4 cups shredded cabbage
1 large onion, chopped
1/2 cup skim milk
1 tablespoon butter
1 (3 ounce) package cream cheese
1 pinch salt and ground black pepper


Place potatoes in a large pot and cover with salted water. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Drain and reserve the cooking liquid. Allow potatoes to cool until they can be handled.
Boil cabbage and onion with the reserved potato water in a pot until softened, about 5 minutes. Drain.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Grease a 2-quart casserole dish.
Peel and cut potatoes into chunks; place in a large bowl.
Mash skim milk and butter into potatoes until mixture is smooth.
Stir drained cabbage and onion into potato mixture.
Fold cream cheese, salt, and black pepper into potato mixture, stirring until the cream cheese melts.
Pour potato mixture into prepared casserole dish.
Bake in preheated oven until browned, 30 to 35 minutes.

1 1/3 pounds potato, peeled and quartered
2/3 pound turnips, peeled and cut into chunks
3 tablespoons butter
1/4 cup milk
8 strips bacon, cooked and crumbled
1 pinch ground nutmeg
salt and ground black pepper to taste


Place the potatoes and turnips in a large saucepan, cover with water and bring to a boil. Cook until tender, about 20 minutes.
Drain the potatoes and turnips, return them to the saucepan and mash until creamy. Add the butter and milk and beat until fluffy. Stir in the crumbled bacon and season with nutmeg, salt, and pepper.

3 pounds red potatoes
1 tablespoon kosher salt
1 1/2 cups half-and-half
1/2 cup butter
1/2 cup sour cream
2 teaspoons kosher salt
1 teaspoon ground black pepper


Place potatoes and 1 tablespoon kosher salt into a large pot and cover with water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until tender, 25 to 35 minutes. Drain and transfer potatoes to a large bowl.
Mix half-and-half and butter in a small saucepan over medium-low heat until heated through and butter is melted, 5 to 10 minutes.
Blend potatoes with an electric hand mixer in the large bowl until mashed. Slowly pour 3/4 the cream-butter mixture into blended potatoes; mix on lowest speed until fully incorporated. Fold in the remaining 1/4 cream-butter mixture and sour cream. Season with 2 teaspoons kosher salt and black pepper.

6 potatoes, quartered
2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar
4 cups shredded green cabbage
1/2 cup butter
1 cup milk
2 tablespoons extra-virgin olive oil
1 large carrot, grated
1 small onion, quartered and sliced
1 tablespoon garlic salt
1 teaspoon ground black pepper


Place the potatoes and balsamic vinegar into a large pot and cover with 2 to 3 inches of water. Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer for about 12 minutes. Place cabbage in a metal colander, then place the colander into the pot with the potatoes. Continue simmering until the potatoes are tender, about 8 minutes more. Remove the colander of cabbage, drain, and set aside. Drain potatoes and allow to steam dry for a minute or two. Place potatoes in a large bowl. Mash the potatoes with butter and milk until smooth. Set aside.
Heat the olive oil in a skillet over medium-high heat. Stir in the carrot and onion; cook and stir until the onion has softened and browned, about 10 minutes. Stir in the cabbage, and season with garlic salt and pepper. Mix the cabbage mixture into the mashed potato. Serve immediately.

1 large yam, peeled and cubed
1 large red potato, peeled and cubed
1 large white potato, peeled and cubed
1 large yellow potato, peeled and cubed
1 large beet, peeled and cubed
1 rutabaga, peeled and cubed (optional)
1 parsnip, peeled and cubed (optional)
1 turnip, peeled and cubed
1/4 cup butter, room temperature
1 pinch ground nutmeg (optional)
salt and ground black pepper to taste


Place yam, red potato, white potato, yellow potato, beet, rutabaga, parsnip, and turnip into a large pot and cover with salted water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until vegetables are tender, about 20 to 25 minutes. Drain and return to pot.
Mash vegetable mixture and butter together with a potato masher or fork until orange-ish with streaks of red from the beets; season with nutmeg, salt, and black pepper.

3 Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and chopped
1/3 cup milk
1/4 cup sour cream
salt and ground black pepper to taste


Place potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain.
Mash potatoes with milk, sour cream, salt, and pepper in the large pot.



2 pounds new or baby red potatoes (1 to 2-inch diameter), large ones quartered
2/3 cup low-fat plain yogurt
2 scallions, cut in half lengthwise and finely chopped
1/4 cup finely chopped fresh parsley
2 tablespoons butter, softened
3/4 teaspoon salt
White or freshly ground black pepper to taste


Bring 1 inch of water to a boil in a large saucepan fitted with a steamer basket. Add potatoes, cover and steam until very tender when pierced with a fork, 20 to 25 minutes. (Check the water level near the end of steaming to be sure the pan doesn't boil dry. Add more boiling water as needed.)
Meanwhile, combine yogurt, scallions, parsley, butter, salt and pepper in a large bowl.
Mix the cooked potatoes into the yogurt mixture, breaking them up with a fork until they crumble apart and lightly clump together.

7 medium potatoes, peeled and cubed
1 cup butter, melted and divided
2 (1 pound) loaves white bread, torn into pieces
1 1/2 medium onions, chopped
5 tablespoons dried summer savory
salt and pepper to taste


Place the potatoes in a large pot, and fill with enough lightly salted water to cover. Bring to a boil, and cook until tender, about 10 minutes. Drain, mash with 1/4 cup of butter, and set aside.
In a large bowl, mix together the bread, onions, savory, salt and pepper. Stir in the mashed potatoes, while drizzling in the remaining butter. The mixture should become the texture of biscuit dough. Stuff turkey just before roasting. Place any leftover stuffing in a bowl in the refrigerator for later.

6 sweet potatoes
1/2 cup butter
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 teaspoon dried basil
1/2 teaspoon dried thyme


Place potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes; drain.
Transfer potatoes to a large bowl; mash butter, garlic, basil, and thyme into the potatoes with a potato masher until smooth.

3 large sweet potatoes, peeled and chopped
3 tablespoons butter
2 tablespoons chicken bouillon granules
1 tablespoon ground black pepper
1 1/2 teaspoons white truffle oil
1 teaspoon garlic powder


Bring a large pot of water to a boil; add sweet potatoes and cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Drain water and return sweet potatoes to pot; mash until smooth. Stir butter, chicken bouillon granules, black pepper, truffle oil, and garlic powder into mashed sweet potatoes until smooth.



4 cups warm mashed potatoes
1 tablespoon lard
1 egg, beaten
1/2 cup finely crushed fried pork rinds (chicharrones)
1 cup all-purpose flour
salt to taste
2 tablespoons vegetable oil for pan-frying


Stir the lard and egg into the warm mashed potatoes until thoroughly incorporated. Combine crushed pork rinds with the flour, and stir into potatoes. Season to taste with salt if necessary.
Form into golf ball-sized pieces on a lightly-floured surface, then press to form into disks about 3/4-inch thick.
Heat the canola oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Fry the chapaleles on both sides until crisped and golden brown, 4 to 5 minutes per side. Alternatively, they may be baked in a 375 degrees F (190 degrees C) oven until golden brown, about 25 minutes.

1/2 teaspoon butter
5 sweet potatoes
2 tablespoons butter
2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese
3/4 cup plain yogurt
1/2 bulb roasted garlic, minced
1 untreated cedar plank, soaked in water for 2 hours
1 tablespoon melted butter
salt and black pepper to taste
1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley
1 tablespoon chopped onion
1 pinch paprika
2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese


Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Rub the soaked cedar plank with 1/2 teaspoon of butter.
Use a paring knife to pierce the sweet potatoes in several spots to a depth of 1/2-inch. Cook the sweet potatoes in a microwave on High until soft, 8 to 10 minutes. Peel the potatoes, and place into a mixing bowl. Add 2 tablespoons butter, 2 tablespoons Parmesan cheese, the yogurt, and roasted garlic. Mash until smooth. Mound the potatoes onto the cedar plank.
Bake in the preheated oven until a golden brown crust forms on the potatoes, about 30 minutes. Drizzle with 1 tablespoon of melted butter, and season with salt and black pepper to taste. Sprinkle with parsley, onion, paprika, and the remaining 2 tablespoons Parmesan cheese to serve.

1 pound Yukon Gold potatoes, scrubbed and cut into wedges
3/4 pound broccoli crowns, chopped
3/4 cup shredded fontina cheese
1/2 cup nonfat milk, heated
1/2 teaspoon salt
Freshly ground pepper to taste


Bring an inch of water to a boil in a large saucepan fitted with a steamer basket. Add potatoes, cover and steam for 10 minutes. Place broccoli on top, cover and steam until the potatoes and broccoli are tender, 6 to 8 minutes more.
Transfer the broccoli to a large bowl and coarsely mash with a potato masher. Add the potatoes, cheese, milk, salt and pepper and continue mashing to desired consistency. Serve immediately.

2 cups Swanson® Chicken Broth
6 red potatoes, unpeeled, cut into 1-inch pieces
2 tablespoons butter


Heat the broth and potatoes in a 3-quart saucepan over medium-high heat to a boil.
Reduce the heat to medium. Cover and cook for 12-15 minutes or until the potatoes are tender. Drain the potatoes well in a colander, reserving the broth.
Mash the potatoes with a fork with reserved broth and butter to desired consistency. Season to taste.





1 pound red potatoes, cut into chunks
1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened
1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese
1 (3 ounce) can bacon bits
1 teaspoon cayenne pepper
2 teaspoons garlic powder
1/4 teaspoon grated Parmesan cheese


Place potatoes into a large pot and cover with lightly salted water. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain and allow to steam dry for a minute or two.
Mash the potatoes until smooth, then add the cream cheese, Cheddar cheese, bacon, cayenne pepper, and garlic powder. Mash until the ingredients are well blended, then transfer to a serving dish, and sprinkle with Parmesan cheese to garnish.

1 teaspoon butter
10 russet potatoes, peeled and cubed
salt to taste
1 (8 ounce) container sour cream
1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese
2 cups shredded Cheddar cheese, divided
1 (3 ounce) package real bacon bits
2 tablespoons chopped chives (optional)


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x13-inch baking pan with butter.
Place potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until tender, about 15 minutes. Drain and return to the pot.
Season potatoes with salt and mash until smooth. Stir in sour cream and cream cheese. Stir in 1 1/2 cup Cheddar cheese and bacon bits. Spread potato mixture in the prepared baking pan.
Bake in the preheated oven until heated through, about 20 minutes. Sprinkle remaining 1/2 cup Cheddar cheese on top; continue baking until cheese is melted, 5 to 10 minutes more. Garnish with chives.

15 potatoes, peeled
1 teaspoon vegetable oil
10 slices smoked streaky bacon, cut into small pieces
1/2 (8 ounce) round Camembert cheese (such as Cooleeney Irish Camembert)
2 ounces grated white Cheddar cheese
1 spring onion, thinly sliced
1/2 cup light cream, divided
2 tablespoons butter
salt and cracked black pepper to taste


Place potatoes in a pot of cold water. Cover and set over high heat; boil until easily pierced with a fork, about 20 minutes. Drain well and cover with a clean dish towel for 10 minutes.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Cook and stir bacon until very crispy, 5 to 8 minutes. Drain on paper towels.
Transfer bacon to a blender; blend into tiny pieces.
Break Camembert cheese into small lumps; mix with Cheddar cheese and spring onion in a bowl.
Mash potatoes until smooth. Stir bacon, Camembert cheese mixture, half of the cream, and butter into the mashed potatoes. Season with salt and pepper.
Spread mashed potato mixture in a baking dish. Pour remaining cream on top. Pierce in several places with a fork.
Bake in the preheated oven until the top starts to brown, about 15 minutes.













5 red potatoes, scrubbed and halved
2 tablespoons butter
1/4 cup milk
salt and pepper to taste
1/4 cup whole grain mustard


Place the potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water. Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain and allow to steam dry for a minute or two. Mash potatoes in a large bowl with the butter and milk, and season with salt and pepper.
Whip the potatoes using an electric mixer set on medium until smooth, 3 to 4 minutes, adding more milk if the potatoes are too dry. Beat in the whole grain mustard, and serve immediately.













3 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and diced
1 pinch ground black pepper
1 (2.64 ounce) package country gravy mix
1/3 cup water
1 (12 fluid ounce) can evaporated skim milk
1/2 cup butter


Place potatoes into a slow cooker, and sprinkle with black pepper. Stir together the gravy mix and water in a measuring cup until well blended. Pour this over the potatoes, then pour in the evaporated mink. Stir to blend. Cover, and cook for 4 hours on Low. When finished, drain any excess liquid. Mash potatoes with a potato masher, and stir in the butter.

6 small red potatoes, scrubbed
1 clove garlic, peeled
4 tomatillos
1/4 cup butter
1/4 cup milk
salt and pepper to taste


Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add the potatoes and garlic. Boil the potatoes with the skin on until tender, about 15 minutes. Peel the paper skin off the tomatillos, and rinse them. Place them in with the potatoes during the last 5 minutes of boiling. Drain.
Transfer potatoes and tomatillos to a large bowl.  Add butter and milk, and mash with a potato masher.  Adjust amount of milk and butter to achieve desired consistency. Season with salt and pepper.

For the Koftas
1 1/2 cups frozen mixed vegetables, thawed
2 slices bread
1 1/4 cups mashed potatoes
1 serrano pepper, finely chopped
1 onion, chopped
1 teaspoon minced fresh ginger
1 tablespoon chopped cilantro
1 teaspoon salt
vegetable oil, for deep-fat frying
For the Gravy
2 tablespoons butter
2 medium onions, chopped
1 teaspoon minced ginger
2 tablespoons minced garlic
2 teaspoons ground coriander
1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric
1/2 teaspoon garam masala
1/2 cup tomato paste
3/4 cup milk
salt to taste
1/4 cup cream (optional)
2 tablespoons coarsely chopped cashews


Boil the mixed vegetables till soft.  Drain, and allow to cool to room temperature.  When cool, chop fine and set aside.
Moisten the slices of bread with a little water and squeeze out the excess.  Stir together the vegetables, bread, mashed potatoes, serrano, onion, ginger, cilantro, and salt.  Form into 8 balls.
Heat oil in deep-fryer to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Fry the koftas in the hot oil until golden brown.  Drain on paper towels, and allow to cool to room temperature.
Make the gravy by melting the butter in a large saucepan over medium-high heat.  Stir in the onions, ginger, garlic, ground coriander, turmeric, and garam masala; cook until the onions have softened.  Mix in the tomato paste and cook for 5 minutes.  Pour in the milk and season with salt; cook for 10 to 15 minutes more, stirring occasionally.
To serve, reheat the koftas in the gravy.  Garnish with the cream and chopped cashews.

4 large baking potatoes
8 slices bacon
1 cup sour cream
1/2 cup milk
4 tablespoons butter
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon pepper
1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese, divided
8 green onions, sliced, divided


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bake potatoes in preheated oven for 1 hour.
Meanwhile,  place bacon in a large, deep skillet. Cook over medium high heat until evenly brown. Drain, crumble and set aside.
When potatoes are done allow them to cool for 10 minutes.  Slice potatoes in half lengthwise and scoop the flesh into a large bowl; save skins.  To the potato flesh add sour cream, milk, butter, salt, pepper, 1/2 cup cheese and 1/2 the green onions.  Mix with a hand mixer until well blended and creamy.  Spoon the mixture into the potato skins.  Top each with remaining cheese, green onions and bacon.
Bake for another 15 minutes.

1 (12 ounce) package turkey bacon
5 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and diced
1 (32 ounce) carton Swanson® Unsalted Chicken Stock
1/4 cup low-fat sour cream
1/4 cup low-sodium dry ranch dressing mix
3/4 cup shredded nonfat Cheddar cheese
1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives


Cook turkey bacon in a skillet over medium heat to desired crispness; crumble.
In a large stock pot, combine potatoes and Swanson(R) Unsalted Chicken Broth. Boil potatoes and broth for about until potatoes are soft, stirring occasionally, 15 to 20 minutes. Remove from heat. Do not discard broth. Add sour cream and ranch seasoning mix. Beat potatoes with a mixer or a mashing utensil until potatoes are mashed to desired consistency and ingredients are well combined, 2 or 3 minutes.
Stir in bacon, Cheddar cheese, and chives.



1 head cauliflower, cut into florets
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 clove garlic, smashed
1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese
1 tablespoon reduced-fat cream cheese
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt
1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper


Place a steamer insert into a saucepan and fill with water to just below the bottom of the steamer. Bring water to a boil. Add cauliflower, cover, and steam until tender, about 10 minutes.
Meanwhile, heat olive oil in a small skillet over medium heat; cook and stir garlic until softened, about 2 minutes. Remove from heat.
Transfer half the cauliflower to a food processor; cover and blend on high. Add remaining cauliflower florets, one at a time, until vegetables are creamy. Blend in garlic, Parmesan cheese, cream cheese, salt, and black pepper.

1 (1 pound) sweet potato
1/2 cup butter, softened
1 cup white sugar
1/2 cup milk
2 eggs
1/2 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 (9 inch) unbaked pie crust


Boil sweet potato whole in skin for 40 to 50 minutes, or until done.  Run cold water over the sweet potato, and remove the skin.
Break apart sweet potato in a bowl.  Add butter, and mix well with mixer. Stir in sugar, milk, eggs, nutmeg, cinnamon and vanilla. Beat on medium speed until mixture is smooth.  Pour filling into an unbaked pie crust.
Bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) for 55 to 60 minutes, or until knife inserted in center comes out clean.  Pie will puff up like a souffle, and then will sink down as it cools.

1 head cauliflower
1/2 cup sour cream
1/2 cup shredded Cheddar cheese
1 teaspoon dry ranch salad dressing mix (such as Hidden Valley Ranch®)
1/2 teaspoon onion powder
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
1 tablespoon butter, cut into small pieces, or more to taste


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place a steamer insert into a saucepan and fill with water to just below the bottom of the steamer. Bring water to a boil. Add cauliflower, cover, and steam until very tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Transfer cauliflower to a bowl, mash, and strain excess water.
Mix cauliflower, sour cream, Cheddar cheese, ranch dressing mix, onion powder, and garlic powder together in a 9-inch baking dish; top with butter.
Bake in the preheated oven until bubbling, 30 to 45 minutes.

cooking spray
1 teaspoon vegetable oil, or as needed
2 tablespoons freshly grated Parmesan cheese
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
1/2 teaspoon paprika
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
2 pounds red potatoes, halved
1 tablespoon vegetable oil, or as needed
1/4 cup sour cream (optional)


Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Spray a 9x13-inch baking pan or cast iron skillet with cooking spray; pour in about 1 teaspoon vegetable oil to coat the bottom.
Mix Parmesan cheese, salt, garlic powder, paprika, and black pepper together in a bowl.
Blot the cut-side of potatoes with a paper towel to remove any moisture. Place potatoes in a bowl and drizzle with 1 tablespoon vegetable oil; toss until potatoes are lightly coated. Sprinkle potatoes with Parmesan cheese mixture; toss to coat. Arrange potatoes, cut-side down, onto the prepared baking pan.
Bake in the preheated oven for 15 to 20 minutes. Turn potatoes to cut-side up; continue baking until golden and crispy, about 15 to 20 more minutes. Serve with sour cream.



1 medium baking potato
1 teaspoon olive oil
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 teaspoons butter
1 pinch freshly ground black pepper
1/4 cup shredded Cheddar cheese


Preheat the oven to 300 degrees F (150 degrees C). Scrub the potato, and pierce the skin several times with a knife or fork. Rub the skin with olive oil, then with salt.
Place the potato in the preheated oven, and bake for 90 minutes, or until slightly soft and golden brown. Slice the potato down the center, and serve with butter and black pepper. Sprinkle shredded Cheddar cheese over the top, if desired.

3 pounds small red new potatoes, halved
1/4 cup olive oil
1 teaspoon Salt and freshly ground black pepper


Adjust oven rack to lowest position and heat oven to 450 degrees. Toss potatoes with oil, salt and pepper. Arrange, cut side down, on a large lipped cookie sheet or jellyroll pan.
Roast until tender and golden brown, about 30 minutes (check after 20 minutes). Transfer to a serving dish.

1/8 cup olive oil
1 tablespoon minced garlic
1/2 teaspoon dried basil
1/2 teaspoon dried marjoram
1/2 teaspoon dried dill weed
1/2 teaspoon dried thyme
1/2 teaspoon dried oregano
1/2 teaspoon dried parsley
1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes
1/2 teaspoon salt
4 large potatoes, peeled and cubed


Preheat oven to 475 degrees F (245 degrees C).
In a large bowl, combine oil, garlic, basil, marjoram, dill weed, thyme, oregano, parsley, red pepper flakes, and salt. Stir in potatoes until evenly coated. Place potatoes in a single layer on a roasting pan or baking sheet.
Roast for 20 to 30 minutes in the preheated oven, turning occasionally to brown on all sides.

cooking spray
6 Yukon Gold potatoes, cut into thick fries
1 tablespoon white sugar
1/4 cup extra-virgin olive oil
1 teaspoon garlic powder, or more to taste
1 teaspoon salt, or more to taste
1 teaspoon ground black pepper, or more to taste


Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil; spray with cooking spray.
Place sliced potatoes in a colander; sprinkle sugar over potatoes. Set aside until liquid is released from potatoes, 20 to 30 minutes. Drain liquid and dry potatoes well.
Mix potato slices, olive oil, garlic powder, salt, and black pepper in a resealable bag until evenly coated. Spread coated potato slices in a single layer, leaving space around each potato, on the prepared baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven for 20 minutes; flip fries and continue baking until crisp and browned, about 20 more minutes.

6 medium potatoes, peeled and cubed
4 tablespoons butter, sliced
1 teaspoon extra virgin olive oil
1 large white onion, diced
salt to taste
1/2 teaspoon brown sugar
3 tablespoons whipping cream
1/3 cup sour cream
1/2 cup cream cheese
1 tablespoon light soy sauce
1/4 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese
1 tablespoon chicken bouillon granules
1 tablespoon dried parsley
black pepper to taste


In a large pot, cover potatoes with water and bring to a boil over high heat. Simmer on medium-high heat until the center of the potatoes are tender when pricked with a fork, about 25 minutes. Drain, and return potatoes to pot.
Meanwhile, heat butter and olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Stir in onions, sprinkle with salt, and cook 5 minutes. Reduce heat to medium low, and cook, stirring occasionally, until onions are a deep golden brown, about 20 minutes. Stir in brown sugar.
Pour whipping cream over the potatoes, and mash with a large fork or potato masher. Stir in sour cream, cream cheese, soy sauce, Parmesan cheese, bouillon granules, and dried parsley. Stir in caramelized onions, and season with black pepper. Mix with an electric mixer until smooth. Reheat briefly over low heat, and serve.



2 pounds clean, scrubbed new red potatoes
6 eggs
1 pound bacon
1 onion, finely chopped
1 stalk celery, finely chopped
2 cups mayonnaise
salt and pepper to taste


Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add potatoes and cook until tender but still firm, about 15 minutes. Drain and set in the refrigerator to cool.
Place eggs in a saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring water to a boil and immediately remove from heat. Cover and let eggs stand in hot water for 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from hot water, cool, peel and chop.
Place bacon in a large, deep skillet. Cook over medium high heat until evenly brown. Drain, crumble and set aside.
Chop the cooled potatoes, leaving skin on. Add to a large bowl, along with the eggs, bacon, onion and celery. Add mayonnaise, salt and pepper to taste. Chill for an hour before serving.

6 eggs
10 red potatoes
1 cup mayonnaise
1/2 cup ranch dressing
1/3 cup dill pickle relish
2 tablespoons prepared yellow mustard
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/8 teaspoon paprika
1/8 teaspoon celery seed
1 onion, chopped
1/4 cup pepperoncini (optional)
1/4 cup sliced black olives (optional)


Place the eggs into a saucepan in a single layer and fill with water to cover the eggs by 1 inch. Cover the saucepan and bring the water to a boil over high heat. Remove from the heat and let the eggs stand in the hot water for 15 minutes. Pour out the hot water; cool the eggs under cold running water in the sink. Peel and chop the cooled eggs.
Place the potatoes into a large pot and cover with water. Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Drain and refrigerate until cold. Peel and cube once cold.
Stir together the mayonnaise, ranch dressing, relish, mustard, salt, pepper, paprika, and celery seed in a mixing bowl. Add the eggs, potatoes, onion, pepperoncini, and olives; stir until evenly mixed. Cover and refrigerate at least 2 hours before serving.

1 russet potato, cut into evenly sized strips
1 quart vegetable oil for frying
salt to taste


Soak potatoes in a large bowl of water for about 30 minutes. Pat dry thoroughly with paper towels.
Heat oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to 275 degrees F (135 degrees C). Gently add the potatoes in the hot oil for about 5 minutes, stirring and flipping the potatoes occasionally. Remove potatoes from oil with a slotted spoon to drain on paper towel and to cool completely.
Heat oil in a deep-fryer or large saucepan to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Fry the potatoes again until golden brown, 5 to 6 minutes. Blot with a paper towel. Sprinkle with salt to serve.

4 large russet potatoes
2 teaspoons vegetable oil
3 tablespoons butter
1 tablespoon minced green onion
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
1 pinch cayenne pepper, or to taste
1/2 cup shredded white Cheddar cheese
1/2 cup heavy cream
1 egg yolk
1 tablespoon butter, melted
1 teaspoon paprika


Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil.
Rub potatoes with vegetable oil and place on the prepared baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until a paring knife easily inserts into the center of a potato, about 1 hour. Set aside to cool until easy to handle, about 10 minutes.
Cut 1/3 off each potato lengthwise. Scoop flesh from each potato to within about 1/8-inch of the skins. Transfer flesh to a bowl.
Combine potato flesh with butter and green onion; stir until butter is melted evenly into potato. Add salt, black pepper, cayenne pepper, and cheese; stir until cheese is melted. Pour cream and egg yolk into potato mixture; mix to combine. Season with salt to taste.
Place small piece of potato skin inside the bottom of each larger potato shell. Fill each potato with an equal amount of cheese mixture. Gently press the surface of the filling with a fork to create texture. Brush tops with melted butter and sprinkle with paprika.
Bake stuffed potatoes until golden brown on top, 20 to 30 minutes.



2 eggs
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1/4 teaspoon baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon pepper
6 medium potatoes, peeled and shredded
1/2 cup finely chopped onion
1/4 cup vegetable oil


In a large bowl, beat together eggs, flour, baking powder, salt, and pepper. Mix in potatoes and onion.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. In batches, drop heaping tablespoonfuls of the potato mixture into the skillet. Press to flatten. Cook about 3 minutes on each side, until browned and crisp. Drain on paper towels.

1 pound bacon, chopped
2 stalks celery, diced
1 onion, chopped
3 cloves garlic, minced
8 potatoes, peeled and cubed
4 cups chicken stock, or enough to cover potatoes
3 tablespoons butter
1/4 cup all-purpose flour
1 cup heavy cream
1 teaspoon dried tarragon
3 teaspoons chopped fresh cilantro
salt and pepper to taste


In a Dutch oven, cook the bacon over medium heat until done. Remove bacon from pan, and set aside. Drain off all but 1/4 cup of the bacon grease.
Cook celery and onion in reserved bacon drippings until onion is translucent, about 5 minutes. Stir in garlic, and continue cooking for 1 to 2 minutes. Add cubed potatoes, and toss to coat. Saute for 3 to 4 minutes. Return bacon to the pan, and add enough chicken stock to just cover the potatoes. Cover, and simmer until potatoes are tender.
In a separate pan, melt butter over medium heat. Whisk in flour. Cook, stirring constantly, for 1 to 2 minutes. Whisk in the heavy cream, tarragon, and cilantro. Bring the cream mixture to a boil, and cook, stirring constantly, until thickened. Stir the cream mixture into the potato mixture. Puree about 1/2 the soup, and return to the pan. Adjust seasonings to taste.

12 slices bacon
2/3 cup margarine
2/3 cup all-purpose flour
7 cups milk
4 large baked potatoes, peeled and cubed
4 green onions, chopped
1 1/4 cups shredded Cheddar cheese
1 cup sour cream
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground black pepper


Place bacon in a large, deep skillet. Cook over medium heat until browned. Drain, crumble, and set aside.
In a stock pot or Dutch oven, melt the margarine over medium heat. Whisk in flour until smooth. Gradually stir in milk, whisking constantly until thickened. Stir in potatoes and onions. Bring to a boil, stirring frequently.
Reduce heat, and simmer 10 minutes. Mix in bacon, cheese, sour cream, salt, and pepper. Continue cooking, stirring frequently, until cheese is melted.

3 1/2 cups peeled and diced potatoes
1/3 cup diced celery
1/3 cup finely chopped onion
3/4 cup diced cooked ham
3 1/4 cups water
2 tablespoons chicken bouillon granules
1/2 teaspoon salt, or to taste
1 teaspoon ground white or black pepper, or to taste
5 tablespoons butter
5 tablespoons all-purpose flour
2 cups milk


Combine the potatoes, celery, onion, ham and water in a stockpot. Bring to a boil, then cook over medium heat until potatoes are tender, about 10 to 15 minutes. Stir in the chicken bouillon, salt and pepper.
In a separate saucepan, melt butter over medium-low heat. Whisk in flour with a fork, and cook, stirring constantly until thick, about 1 minute. Slowly stir in milk as not to allow lumps to form until all of the milk has been added. Continue stirring over medium-low heat until thick, 4 to 5 minutes.
Stir the milk mixture into the stockpot, and cook soup until heated through. Serve immediately.

1 cup water
6 large firm russet potatoes, scrubbed
1 pint heavy cream at room temperature
1/2 cup unsalted butter at room temperature
2 tablespoons dry instant mashed potato flakes, or as needed (optional)
salt and ground white pepper to taste


Pour water into a saucepan. Place a large steamer basket into the saucepan over (not touching) the water, and place the potatoes into the basket. Bring the water to a boil. Reduce heat to a simmer, cover the pan and basket with a lid, and steam potatoes until tender in the center, about 20 minutes. A skewer inserted into a potato should easily pierce the center. Using tongs to hold hot potatoes, peel them, and set aside. Reserve potato cooking water.
Place 1 cup of cream and the butter into the work bowl of a large stand mixer fitted with mixing paddle, and start the machine on low speed. Mix until the cream and butter are blended; add potatoes, and beat until thoroughly mixed. As potatoes mash, gradually pour in remaining cup of cream. If potatoes are too stiff, beat in reserved potato cooking water, 1 tablespoon at a time. If potatoes are too runny, beat in instant mashed potato flakes, 1 tablespoon at a time, until you reach desired consistency. Season to taste with salt and white pepper.

1 pound cauliflower florets
1/4 cup mashed potato flakes
1/4 cup low-fat milk
2 tablespoons margarine
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1/4 cup shredded reduced-fat Cheddar cheese


Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Place a steamer insert into a saucepan and fill with water to just below the bottom of the steamer. Bring water to a boil. Add cauliflower, cover, and steam until tender, about 20 minutes. Transfer cauliflower to a large bowl. Add mashed potato flakes, milk, and margarine; mash with a potato masher or fork until cauliflower mixture is fluffy. Season with salt and black pepper. Pour mixture into a baking dish and sprinkle with Cheddar cheese.
Bake in preheated oven until cheese is melted, about 10 minutes.

4 russet potatoes, sliced into 1/4 inch slices
1 onion, sliced into rings
salt and pepper to taste
3 tablespoons butter
3 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 cups milk
1 1/2 cups shredded Cheddar cheese


Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Butter a 1 quart casserole dish.
Layer 1/2 of the potatoes into bottom of the prepared casserole dish. Top with the onion slices, and add the remaining potatoes. Season with salt and pepper to taste.
In a medium-size saucepan, melt butter over medium heat. Mix in the flour and salt, and stir constantly with a whisk for one minute. Stir in milk. Cook until mixture has thickened. Stir in cheese all at once, and continue stirring until melted, about 30 to 60 seconds. Pour cheese over the potatoes, and cover the dish with aluminum foil.
Bake 1 1/2 hours in the preheated oven.

1 (2 pound) package frozen hash brown potatoes, thawed
1/2 cup melted butter
1 (10.75 ounce) can condensed cream of chicken soup
1 (8 ounce) container sour cream
1/2 cup chopped onions
2 cups shredded Cheddar cheese
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
2 cups crushed cornflakes cereal
1/4 cup melted butter


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
In a large bowl, combine hash browns, 1/2 cup melted butter, cream of chicken soup, sour cream, chopped onion, Cheddar cheese, salt and pepper. Place mixture in a 3 quart casserole dish.
In a medium saucepan over medium heat, saute cornflakes in 1/4 cup melted butter, and sprinkle the mixture over the top of the casserole.
Bake covered in preheated oven for 40 minutes.

1 baking potato


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Scrub the potato and prick it with a fork to prevent steam from building up and causing the potato to explode in your oven.
Bake for 1 1/2 hours.

4 baking potatoes, cut into 1/2 inch slices
1/4 cup melted butter
8 slices bacon - cooked and crumbled
8 ounces shredded Cheddar cheese
1/2 cup chopped green onions


Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Brush both side of potato slices with butter; place them on an ungreased cookie sheet. Bake in the preheated 400 degrees F (200 degrees C) oven for 30 to 40 minutes or until lightly browned on both sides, turning once.
When potatoes are ready, top with bacon, cheese, and green onion; continue baking until the cheese has melted

3 cups shredded potato
1/4 cup grated onion
2 eggs, beaten
6 saltine crackers, or as needed, crushed
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/2 cup vegetable oil, or as needed


Mix potato, onion, eggs, crackers, salt, and pepper together in a large bowl.
Pour enough vegetable oil into a skillet to fill about 1/2-inch deep; heat over medium-high heat.
Drop spoonfuls of the potato mixture, first pressing potato mixture against the side of the bowl to remove excess liquid, into the hot oil; slightly flatten the latkes into the oil with the back of your spoon so they are evenly thick.
Cook in hot oil until browned and crisp, 3 to 5 minutes per side. Drain latkes on a plate lined with a paper towel.

2 pounds red potatoes, cut into quarters
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1/2 teaspoon dried rosemary, crushed


Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (250 degrees C).
Place potatoes in a large roasting pan and toss with oil, salt, pepper, and rosemary until evenly coated. Spread out potatoes in a single layer.
Bake in preheated oven for 20 minutes, stirring occasionally. Serve immediately.

cooking spray
2 tablespoons butter
3 cloves garlic, minced
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
3/4 cup milk
1/2 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese
salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 large potatoes, peeled and thinly sliced


Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Spray 12 muffin cups with cooking spray or grease with butter.
Heat butter in a saucepan over medium heat. Cook and stir garlic in the melted butter until fragrant, about 1 minute. Add flour to garlic mixture; cook and stir until mixture is smooth and thickened, about 2 minutes.
Slowly pour milk into flour-butter mixture while continuously stirring with a whisk until sauce is smooth and thickened, about 5 minutes. Remove saucepan from heat and stir Parmesan cheese into sauce until cheese melts from the heat of the sauce; season with salt and pepper.
Divide the potatoes among the 12 prepared muffin cups and spoon cheese sauce over potatoes.
Bake in the preheated oven until potatoes are tender, about 25 minutes.

cooking spray
2 (20 ounce) bags frozen cauliflower
1/4 cup sour cream
1/4 cup plain yogurt
1 tablespoon salted butter, softened
1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese, divided
2 tablespoons bacon bits
1 tablespoon chopped fresh chives
1 teaspoon minced garlic
1/2 teaspoon black pepper


Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Grease a large, square baking dish with cooking spray.
Put cauliflower in a microwave-safe bowl and cook in microwave oven until tender, about 6 minutes.
Blend cauliflower in a food processor until smooth; add sour cream, yogurt, and butter and process again until smooth.
Mix blended cauliflower mixture in a bowl with 3/4 cup Cheddar cheese, bacon bits, chives, garlic, and black pepper; spread into the prepared baking dish and top with remaining Cheddar cheese.
Bake in preheated oven on the middle rack until cheese is melted, about 15 minutes. Switch oven to 'broil' and continue baking until the top is golden brown, 3 to 5 minutes more.

3 cups diced peeled potatoes
4 slices bacon
1 small onion, diced
1/4 cup white vinegar
2 tablespoons water
3 tablespoons white sugar
1 teaspoon salt
1/8 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley


Place the potatoes into a pot, and fill with enough water to cover. Bring to a boil, and cook for about 10 minutes, or until easily pierced with a fork. Drain, and set aside to cool.
Place the bacon in a large deep skillet over medium-high heat. Fry until browned and crisp, turning as needed. Remove from the pan and set aside.
Add onion to the bacon grease, and cook over medium heat until browned. Add the vinegar, water, sugar, salt and pepper to the pan. Bring to a boil, then add the potatoes and parsley. Crumble in half of the bacon. Heat through, then transfer to a serving dish. Crumble the remaining bacon over the top, and serve warm.



5 sweet potatoes
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 cup butter
2 eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1/2 cup white sugar
2 tablespoons heavy cream
1/4 cup butter, softened
3 tablespoons all-purpose flour
3/4 cup packed light brown sugar
1/2 cup chopped pecans


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Bake sweet potatoes 35 minutes in the preheated oven, or until they begin to soften. Cool slightly, peel, and mash.
In a large bowl, mix the mashed sweet potatoes, salt, 1/4 cup butter, eggs, vanilla extract, cinnamon, sugar, and heavy cream. Transfer to the prepared baking dish.
In a medium bowl, combine 1/4 cup butter, flour, brown sugar, and chopped pecans. Mix with a pastry blender or your fingers to the consistency of course meal. Sprinkle over the sweet potato mixture.
Bake 30 minutes in the preheated oven, until topping is crisp and lightly browned.

8 unpeeled potatoes, cubed
1 onion, chopped
2 stalks celery, diced
6 cubes  chicken bouillon
1 pint half-and-half cream
1 pound bacon - cooked and crumbled
1 (10.75 ounce) can  condensed cream of mushroom soup
2 cups shredded Cheddar cheese


In a large stock pot combine potatoes, onions, celery, bouillon cubes and enough water to cover all ingredients.  Bring to a boil and simmer on medium heat until potatoes are with in 15 minutes of being finished.
Add half and half, bacon, cream of mushroom soup and stir until creamy.  Add cheese and stir until completely melted.  Simmer on low until potatoes are done.

3 medium russet potatoes, cubed
3 tablespoons butter or margarine
salt and pepper to taste


Rinse potato cubes with cold water, and drain well. Melt butter or margarine in a large skillet over medium heat. Place potatoes in the skillet, and stir to coat with butter. Season with salt and pepper. Cover with a lid, and cook for 10 minutes. Remove the lid, and cook for another 10 minutes, turning frequently until brown and crisp on all sides..

1 (1 ounce) envelope dry onion soup mix
2 pounds red potatoes, halved
1/3 cup olive oil


Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
In a large plastic bag, combine the soup mix, red potatoes and olive oil. Close bag, and shake until potatoes are fully covered.
Pour potatoes into a medium baking dish; bake 40 minutes in the preheated oven, stirring occasionally.

3 pounds potatoes, thinly sliced
1/2 onion, thinly sliced
9 tablespoons all-purpose flour, divided
6 tablespoons butter, diced and divided
salt and ground black pepper to taste
3 cups whole milk, or as needed


Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Grease a 9x13-inch baking dish.
Spread about 1/3 of the potato slices into the bottom of the prepared baking dish. Top with about 1/3 of the onion slices. Sprinkle 3 tablespoons flour over the potato and onion. Arrange 2 tablespoons butter atop the flour. Season the entire layer with salt and pepper. Repeat layering twice more.
Heat milk in a saucepan until warm. Pour enough warm milk over the mixture in the baking dish so the top of the liquid is level with the final layer of potatoes.
Bake in preheated oven until potatoes are tender, 45 to 60 minutes.

4 1/2 cups cooked and mashed sweet potatoes
1/2 cup butter, melted
1/3 cup milk
1 cup white sugar
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
2 eggs, beaten
1 cup light brown sugar
1/2 cup all-purpose flour
1/3 cup butter
1 cup chopped pecans


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x13 inch baking dish.
In a large bowl, mix together mashed sweet potatoes, 1/2 cup butter, milk, sugar, vanilla extract, and eggs. Spread sweet potato mixture into the prepared baking dish. In a small bowl, mix together brown sugar and flour. Cut in 1/3 cup butter until mixture is crumbly, then stir in pecans. Sprinkle pecan mixture over the sweet potatoes.
Bake for 25 minutes in the preheated oven, or until golden brown.

4 cups sweet potato, cubed
1/2 cup white sugar
2 eggs, beaten
1/2 teaspoon salt
4 tablespoons butter, softened
1/2 cup milk
1/2 teaspoon vanilla extract
1/2 cup packed brown sugar
1/3 cup all-purpose flour
3 tablespoons butter, softened
1/2 cup chopped pecans


Preheat oven to 325 degrees F (165 degrees C). Put sweet potatoes in a medium saucepan  with water to cover. Cook over medium high heat until tender; drain and mash.
In a large bowl, mix together the sweet potatoes, white sugar, eggs, salt, butter, milk and vanilla extract. Mix until smooth. Transfer to a 9x13 inch baking dish.
In medium bowl, mix the brown sugar and flour. Cut in the butter until the mixture is coarse. Stir in the pecans. Sprinkle the mixture over the sweet potato mixture.
Bake in the preheated oven 30 minutes, or until the topping is lightly brown.

1 1/2 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and diced
1 medium onion, diced
1 medium carrot, diced
1 rib celery, diced
8 ounces smoked ham, diced
3 cloves garlic, sliced
3 tablespoons butter
1/4 cup flour
4 cups chicken broth
2 cups water
1/2 cup heavy cream
salt and pepper to taste
cayenne pepper (optional)
chopped fresh chives for garnish (optional)


Melt butter in a stockpot over medium heat until golden brown. Stir in carrot, celery, onion, ham, and garlic; cook and stir for 5-6 minutes, until the vegetables soften and the onions are translucent.
Stir in flour; cook for about 3 minutes. Stir in chicken broth, 1 cup at a time. Add water and stir to combine. Turn the heat to high and bring to a simmer. Simmer on medium-low for 15 minutes, stirring occasionally.
Taste the soup for salt and add more if necessary. Stir in potatoes; cook for 15 minutes, until potatoes are tender. Skim fat if desired.
With a potato masher, mash the soup a few times, leaving plenty of whole chunks of potato. Season with salt and pepper to taste, add cayenne if desired, and add cream. Stir to combine and heat through. Garnish with fresh chives.

2 cups peeled and shredded potatoes
1 tablespoon grated onion
3 eggs, beaten
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1 1/2 teaspoons salt
1/2 cup peanut oil for frying


Place the potatoes in a cheesecloth and wring, extracting as much moisture as possible.
In a medium bowl stir the potatoes, onion, eggs, flour and salt together.
In a large heavy-bottomed skillet over medium-high heat, heat the oil until hot. Place large spoonfuls of the potato mixture into the hot oil, pressing down on them to form 1/4 to 1/2 inch thick patties. Brown on one side, turn and brown on the other. Let drain on paper towels. Serve hot!

2 pounds russet potatoes
1 cup mayonnaise
4 teaspoons sweet pickle relish
4 teaspoons white sugar
2 teaspoons chopped white onion
2 teaspoons prepared mustard
1 teaspoon white wine vinegar
1 tablespoon minced celery
1 teaspoon minced pimento
1/2 teaspoon shredded carrot
1/4 teaspoon dried parsley
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
salt to taste


Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.  Add potatoes and cook until tender but still firm, about 15 minutes. Drain, cool and chop.
In a large bowl, combine the potatoes, mayonnaise, sweet pickle relish, sugar, onion, mustard, vinegar, celery, pimentos, carrot, parsley, pepper and salt. Mix well, chill and serve.

2 pounds potatoes, scrubbed and chopped
2 tablespoons butter
2 ounces cream cheese
1/3 cup sour cream
2 teaspoons dried basil
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
salt and ground black pepper to taste


Place the potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water. Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain.
Place drained potatoes, butter, cream cheese, sour cream, dried basil, and garlic powder in a large bowl. Mix well with an electric mixer on medium speed. Season to taste with salt and pepper.

4 potatoes
4 eggs
1/2 stalk celery, chopped
1/4 cup sweet relish
1 clove garlic, minced
2 tablespoons prepared mustard
1/2 cup mayonnaise
salt and pepper to taste


Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.  Add potatoes and cook until tender but still firm, about 15 minutes; drain and chop.
Place eggs in a saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring water to a boil; cover, remove from heat, and let eggs stand in hot water for 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from hot water; peel and chop.
In a large bowl, combine the potatoes, eggs, celery, sweet relish, garlic, mustard, mayonnaise and salt and pepper. Gently mix together and serve warm.

4 large potatoes
1 yellow onion
1 egg, beaten
1 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoons all-purpose flour
ground black pepper to taste
2 cups vegetable oil for frying


Finely grate potatoes with onion into a large bowl.  Drain off any excess liquid.
Mix in egg, salt, and black pepper.  Add enough flour to make mixture thick, about 2 to 4 tablespoons all together.
Turn oven to low, about 200 degrees F (95 degrees C).
Heat 1/4 inch oil in the bottom of a heavy skillet over medium high heat.  Drop two or three 1/4 cup mounds into hot oil, and flatten to make 1/2 inch thick pancakes.  Fry, turning once, until golden brown.  Transfer to paper towel lined plates to drain, and keep warm in low oven until serving time.  Repeat until all potato mixture is used.

1 tablespoon olive oil
1 tablespoon minced garlic
1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil
1 tablespoon chopped fresh rosemary
1 tablespoon chopped fresh parsley
1/2 teaspoon red pepper flakes
1/2 teaspoon salt
4 large potatoes, peeled and cubed


Preheat oven to 475 degrees F (245 degrees C).
Combine oil, garlic, basil, rosemary, parsley, red pepper flakes, and salt in a large bowl. Toss in potatoes until evenly coated. Place potatoes in a single layer on a roasting pan or baking sheet.
Roast in preheated oven, turning occasionally, until potatoes are brown on all sides, 20 to 30 minutes.

1/4 cup olive oil, or more if needed
2 pounds red potatoes, cut into evenly sized pieces
5 fresh thyme sprigs, or to taste
kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
1 pinch cayenne pepper, or to taste
1/2 large red bell pepper, seeded and cut into 1-inch pieces


Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Pour olive oil into a heavy baking dish (such as an enameled cast iron dish). Place potatoes into the baking dish and toss to coat with olive oil. Sprinkle with fresh thyme sprigs, kosher salt, black pepper, cayenne pepper, and red bell pepper pieces.
Bake in the preheated oven for 30 minutes. Toss vegetables to turn over. Some potatoes may stick; don't try to turn them. Return to oven and bake for 20 more minutes.
Toss potatoes again, turning potatoes so unbrowned sides contact the bottom of the dish. Continue baking until potatoes are browned and tender, about 15 more minutes.
Turn oven off and leave potatoes in the oven for 15 more minutes. Toss once more and adjust levels of salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper before transferring potatoes to a serving bowl.

4 baking (russet) potatoes, sliced into 3/8-inch thick rounds
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
1 pinch cayenne pepper, or to taste
1 pinch herbes de provence, or to taste
2 tablespoons olive oil


Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat and set aside.
Combine potatoes, salt, ground black pepper, cayenne pepper, and herbes de provence in a large bowl. Drizzle olive oil over potatoes and stir to evenly coat.
Place potatoes on baking sheet, spaced evenly, and bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes.
Remove from oven, flip over each potato slice, and return to the oven for another 15 minutes. Continue cooking and flipping until potatoes are well browned, about 30 minutes. Potatoes should be crispy around edges, but still soft in the center.

1 (2 pound) package frozen hash brown potatoes, thawed
1/2 cup butter, softened
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/2 cup chopped onion
1 (10.75 ounce) can condensed cream of chicken soup
2 cups shredded Cheddar cheese


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Spray one 9x13 inch pan with non-stick cooking spray.
In a large bowl, combine the potatoes, butter, salt, pepper, onions, soup and cheese. Gently mix and pour into prepared pan or dish.
Bake in the preheated oven until browned, about 35 minutes.

2 pounds new yellow potatoes, halved
3 sprigs fresh rosemary
3 cloves garlic, whole, peeled, bruised
2 bay leaves
2 tablespoons salt
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 pinch cayenne pepper
1 pinch kosher salt


Place potatoes in a large pot with water. Bruise the rosemary with the dull side of a knife blade and place in the pot. Add garlic, bay leaves, and salt. Bring to a boil; simmer for 5 minutes. Drain; let potatoes air dry.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
When potatoes are thoroughly dry, transfer them back to the pot. Drizzle with olive oil, cayenne pepper, and a pinch of salt. Stir to coat. Transfer potatoes to a rimmed sheet pan. Bake until potatoes are golden brown and crusty, and the flesh is creamy and soft, about 35 to 45 minutes, depending on the size of the potatoes.

2 (10.75 ounce) cans condensed cream of chicken soup
1 1/2 cups sour cream
2 tablespoons butter, softened
2 tablespoons dried minced onion flakes
ground black pepper to taste
1 (2 pound) package frozen shredded hash brown potatoes, thawed
4 ounces extra sharp Cheddar cheese, shredded
1/2 cup crushed cornflakes cereal


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a 9x13 inch baking dish.
In a large bowl, mix together the soup, sour cream, butter, dried onion flakes, and pepper. Stir in the hash browns and 1/2 the cheese. Pour into the prepared baking dish, sprinkle with remaining cheese, and top with crushed cornflakes.
Bake 45 minutes in the preheated oven, or until cheese is melted and bubbly.

2 1/2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled
1 cup all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon garlic salt
1 teaspoon onion salt
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon paprika
1/2 cup water, or as needed
1 cup vegetable oil for frying


Slice potatoes into French fries, and place into cold water so they won't turn brown while you prepare the oil.
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat. While the oil is heating, sift the flour, garlic salt, onion salt, (regular) salt, and paprika into a large bowl. Gradually stir in enough water so that the mixture can be drizzled from a spoon.
Dip potato slices into the batter one at a time, and place in the hot oil so they are not touching at first. The fries must be placed into the skillet one at a time, or they will clump together.  Fry until golden brown and crispy. Remove and drain on paper  towels.

4 baking potatoes, well scrubbed
1 tablespoon extra virgin olive oil
kosher salt to taste
4 sheets aluminum foil


Prick the potatoes with a fork several times, then rub potatoes with olive oil, sprinkle with salt, and wrap tightly in foil. Place the potatoes into a slow cooker, cover, and cook on High for 4 1/2 to 5 hours, or on Low for 7 1/2 to 8 hours until tender.

water
salt
1 (2 pound) lobster
1 teaspoon salt
2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 2-inch pieces
1/4 cup butter
1/2 cup cream, or more as needed
1/4 teaspoon paprika


Preheat an oven to 200 degrees F (95 degrees C).
Combine the water with 2 tablespoons salt in a large pot; bring to a boil
Plunge lobster into boiling water, cover the pot, and return the water to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook at a simmer until the lobster becomes bright right, about 10 minutes.
Remove the lobster from the water and set aside to cool.
When cool enough to handle, clean lobster and pull out tail meat, reserving the tail shell. Crack claws and remove the meat.
Chop the tail meat coarsely and reserve with the intact claw meat in a covered dish; keep warm in the preheated oven.
Put about 1 inch of water in the bottom of a saucepan with 1 teaspoon salt; bring to boil.
Add potatoes to the boiling water; top with intact lobster tail shell.
Cover the saucepan and return the water to a boil. Reduce heat to medium low and cook at a simmer until the potatoes are easily pierced with a fork, 20 to 30 minutes.
Remove lobster shell and discard.
Drain the water from the saucepan.
Reduce the heat to low. Gently shake the pan over low heat to dry the potatoes.
Add the butter to the potatoes and mash until no lumps remain.
Add cream until you get your preferred consistency
Fold in reserved chopped lobster meat.
Sprinkle with paprika to serve.

1 head cauliflower, coarsely chopped
1 (4 ounce) package cream cheese, softened
1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1/4 cup shredded Cheddar cheese, or as needed


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place a steamer insert into a saucepan and fill with water to just below the bottom of the steamer. Bring water to a boil. Add cauliflower, cover, and steam until tender, 5 to 10 minutes. Transfer cauliflower to a bowl.
Mash cauliflower with cream cheese until smooth; stir in Parmesan cheese, garlic powder, salt, and black pepper. Spoon mixture into a 1-quart casserole dish; top with Cheddar cheese.
Bake in the preheated oven until bubbling and Cheddar cheese is melted, 10 to 15 minutes.

2 russet potatoes, peeled
3 tablespoons clarified butter
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 pinch cayenne pepper, or to taste
1 pinch paprika, or to taste


Shred potatoes into a large bowl filled with cold water. Stir until water is cloudy, drain, and cover potatoes again with fresh cold water. Stir again to dissolve excess starch. Drain potatoes well, pat dry with paper towels, and squeeze out any excess moisture.
Heat clarified butter in a large non-stick pan over medium heat. Sprinkle shredded potatoes into the hot butter and season with salt, black pepper, cayenne pepper, and paprika.
Cook potatoes until a brown crust forms on the bottom, about 5 minutes. Continue to cook and stir until potatoes  are browned all over, about 5 more minutes.

6 thick slices bacon
1 1/2 teaspoons olive oil
1/2 cup chopped onion
1/2 cup chopped carrots
1 stalk celery, chopped
4 cups low fat, low sodium chicken broth
4 cups cubed potatoes
1/8 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1/2 cup shredded Cheddar cheese
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt


Cook bacon until crisp in 3-quart saucepan, remove and drain well on paper towels. Discard bacon grease and wipe pan thoroughly with paper towel.
Meanwhile, prepare vegetables. Add olive oil to saucepan and add onion, carrot, and celery as they are cut up. Saute until onion is soft but not brown, about 3-4 minutes.
Stir in chicken broth, potatoes, and pepper; bring to a boil, reduce heat, and simmer, covered, until potatoes are tender, about 10-15 minutes.
Stir in cheese, heating just until melted--do not boil. Chop bacon and add to soup. Adjust seasoning to taste by adding salt, if desired. Serve at once.

3 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and very thinly sliced
3 cloves garlic, minced
3/4 teaspoon salt
1 cup heavy cream, divided
freshly ground black pepper to taste
freshly grated nutmeg to taste
2 cups freshly shredded Gruyere cheese, divided


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place potatoes, garlic, and salt into a large pot, fill with enough water to cover, and bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium, and simmer the potatoes until tender but not mushy, 8 to 10 minutes. With a slotted spoon, transfer about half the potatoes to a 9x13-inch baking dish.
Pour half of the cream over the potatoes, season with black pepper and nutmeg, and sprinkle half of the Gruyere cheese onto the mixture. Top with the remaining potatoes; sprinkle again with black pepper and nutmeg. Pour on the remaining cream, and sprinkle with remaining Gruyere cheese.
Bake in the preheated oven until the cheese topping is crisp and brown on top, about 1 hour.

2 1/2 pounds potatoes, peeled and cubed
4 slices bacon
1/2 small head cabbage, chopped
1 large onion, chopped
1/2 cup milk
salt and pepper to taste
1/4 cup butter, melted


Place potatoes in a saucepan with enough water to cover. Bring to a boil, and cook for 15 to 20 minutes, until tender.
Place bacon in a large, deep skillet. Cook over medium high heat until evenly brown. Drain, reserving drippings, crumble and set aside. In the reserved drippings, saute the cabbage and onion until soft and translucent. Putting a lid on the pan helps the vegetables cook faster.
Drain the cooked potatoes, mash with milk and season with salt and pepper. Fold in the bacon, cabbage, and onions, then transfer the mixture to a large serving bowl. Make a well in the center, and pour in the melted butter. Serve immediately.











5 red potatoes, cubed
salt to taste
1/2 cup butter, divided
5 green onions, chopped
1 jalapeno pepper, seeded and minced, or more to taste
2 cloves garlic, minced
1/2 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened
1/2 cup sour cream


Place potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until tender, about 15 minutes. Drain and transfer potatoes to a large bowl.
Melt 1/4 cup butter in a skillet over medium heat; cook and stir green onions, jalapeno pepper, and garlic until soft and fragrant, 3 to 4 minutes. Mix green onion mixture and cream cheese together in a bowl; add remaining 1/4 cup butter and stir until butter melts. Add sour cream and mix well.
Mix cream cheese mixture with the potatoes using a potato masher until most of the lumps are gone; season with salt.





















5 pounds potatoes, peeled and cubed
3 large onions, chopped
1 pound sliced bacon
2 quarts buttermilk


Place potatoes into a large pot, and fill with enough water to cover. Bring to a boil, and cook until tender, about 8 minutes.
Meanwhile, fry bacon in a large skillet over medium-high heat until evenly browned and crisp. Remove bacon from the skillet to drain on paper towels. Add the onions to the bacon grease in the skillet, and fry until tender, stirring constantly. Drain excess grease.
When the potatoes are done, drain the water and mash. Mix in buttermilk to get your desired creamy consistency. Crumble in the bacon, and stir in the onions. Those who are not worried about fat can also stir in about 2 tablespoons of bacon grease.
Serve potatoes on small plates with a bowl of buttermilk on the side of each one. Dip spoonfuls of mashed potatoes into buttermilk before eating.

2 Hatch chile peppers
4 Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and sliced
1 clove garlic, smashed
1/2 cup milk, or more as needed
1/4 cup sour cream
3 tablespoons butter
salt and ground black pepper to taste


Set oven rack about 6 inches from the heat source and preheat the oven's broiler. Line a baking sheet with aluminum foil.
Cut green chile peppers in half from top to bottom; remove the stem, seeds, and ribs. Place peppers cut-side down onto the prepared baking sheet.
Cook under the preheated broiler until the skin of the peppers has blackened and blistered, 5 to 8 minutes. Place blackened peppers into a bowl and tightly seal with plastic wrap. Allow peppers to steam as they cool, about 15 minutes. Remove and discard skins. Chop peppers.
Place potatoes and garlic into a large pot and cover with salted water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until potatoes are fork-tender, about 20 minutes. Drain.
Return potatoes to the pot. Add milk, sour cream, butter, salt, and pepper. Mash with a potato masher until no lumps remain. Stir in the chopped peppers.

2 pounds orange-fleshed sweet potatoes, peeled and cut into cubes
1/2 teaspoon ground dried chipotle pepper
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoons olive oil, divided
1 onion, diced
4 cloves garlic, minced
1 red bell pepper, diced
1 jalapeno pepper, sliced
2 tablespoons ancho chile powder, or to taste
1 tablespoon ground cumin
1/4 teaspoon dried oregano
1 (28 ounce) can diced tomatoes
1 cup water, or more as needed
1 tablespoon cornmeal
1 teaspoon salt, or to taste
1 teaspoon white sugar
1 teaspoon unsweetened cocoa powder
2 (15 ounce) cans black beans, rinsed and drained
1 pinch cayenne pepper, or to taste
1/2 cup sour cream, for garnish (optional)
1/4 cup chopped fresh cilantro, for garnish (optional)


Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with parchment paper or a silicone baking mat.
Combine sweet potatoes, chipotle pepper, 1/2 teaspoon salt, and 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large bowl and toss to coat. Spread sweet potatoes on the prepared baking sheet in a single layer.
Roast sweet potatoes in the preheated oven until the outside is crunchy and inside is tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Allow to cool to room temperature.
Cook and stir remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil, onion, garlic, red bell pepper, jalapeno pepper, ancho chile powder, cumin, and dried oregano together in a large pot or Dutch oven over medium heat. Cook and stir until onion is softened, about 5 minutes.
Pour tomatoes and water into the onion mixture and bring to a simmer. Add cornmeal, 1 teaspoon salt, sugar, and cocoa powder. Bring to a simmer, stirring constantly, reduce heat to low and simmer for 30 minutes.
Stir black beans and cooled sweet potatoes into the onion-tomato mixture. Add more water if mixture is too thick. Simmer until heated through, about 15 minutes. Season with salt and cayenne pepper to taste. Serve topped with sour cream and cilantro.

3 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, no wider than a muffin tin cup
1/3 cup melted butter, or as needed, divided
1 tablespoon minced fresh rosemary
2 teaspoons kosher salt
3/4 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1 pinch cayenne pepper
3/4 cup grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese


Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Generously grease a 12-cup muffin tin with melted butter, reserving the rest for the potatoes.
Slice potatoes to about 1/16 to 1/8 inch thickness using a mandoline or vegetable slicer. Discard end pieces that are mostly skin. Place slices in a bowl and add rosemary, salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper. Drizzle in the remaining melted butter. Toss with your hands to evenly distribute, about 2 to 3 minutes, trying to separate all the potato slices. Grate about a quarter of the cheese over the potatoes. Toss. Add more cheese; toss again. Continue until all cheese is incorporated.
Stack potato slices in uneven layers (to resemble flower petals) in prepared muffin tin, ending with some of the smaller pieces.
Bake in preheated oven until potatoes are tender, 45 to 60 minutes, testing with a metal skewer for doneness. Potatoes should be very soft. If potatoes look too brown but aren't yet cooked through, cover pan with foil for the final minutes of baking.
Loosen edges of potato roses with a fork and lift out of pan to serving dish.

1 cup butter
2 leeks, sliced
salt and pepper to taste
1 quart chicken broth
1 tablespoon cornstarch
4 cups Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and diced
2 cups heavy cream


In a large pot over medium heat, melt butter.  Cook leeks in butter with salt and pepper until tender, stirring frequently, about 15 minutes.
Stir cornstarch into broth and pour broth into pot.  Add the potatoes and bring to a boil.  Season with salt and pepper.  Pour in the cream, reduce heat and simmer at least 30 minutes, until potatoes are tender.  Season with salt and pepper before serving.

6 medium potatoes
1 small onion, finely chopped
1 cup celery, chopped
1 teaspoon salt
6 hard-cooked eggs, diced
2 eggs, beaten
1/2 cup white sugar
1 teaspoon cornstarch
salt to taste
1/2 cup vinegar
1 (5 ounce) can evaporated milk
1 teaspoon prepared yellow mustard
1/4 cup butter
1 cup mayonnaise


Place the potatoes into a large pot, and fill with enough water to cover. Bring to a boil, and cook for about 20 minutes, or until easily pierced with a fork. Drain. Cool, peel and dice. Transfer to a large bowl, and toss with the onion, celery, 1 teaspoon of salt, and hard-cooked eggs.
While the potatoes are cooking, whisk together 2 eggs, sugar, cornstarch, and salt in a saucepan. Stir in the vinegar, milk, and mustard. Cook over medium heat, stirring frequently, until thickened, about 10 minutes. Remove from heat, and stir in the butter. Refrigerate until cool, then stir in the mayonnaise.
Stir the dressing into the bowl of potato salad gently until evenly coated. Chill several hours or overnight before serving for best flavor.

4 pounds skin-on, bone-in chicken thighs
1 tablespoon kosher salt
1 tablespoon dried oregano
1 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1 teaspoon dried rosemary
1 pinch cayenne pepper
1/2 cup fresh lemon juice
1/2 cup olive oil
6 cloves garlic, minced
3 russet potatoes, peeled and quartered
2/3 cup chicken broth, plus splash to deglaze pan
chopped fresh oregano for garnish


Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Lightly oil a large roasting pan.
Place chicken pieces in large bowl. Season with salt, oregano, pepper, rosemary, and cayenne pepper. Add fresh lemon juice, olive oil, and garlic. Place potatoes in bowl with the chicken; stir together until chicken and potatoes are evenly coated with marinade.
Transfer chicken pieces, skin side up, to prepared roasting pan, reserving marinade. Distribute potato pieces among chicken thighs. Drizzle with 2/3 cup chicken broth. Spoon remainder of marinade over chicken and potatoes.
Place in preheated oven. Bake in the preheated oven for 20 minutes. Toss chicken and potatoes, keeping chicken skin side up; continue baking until chicken is browned and cooked through, about 25 minutes more. An instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C). Transfer chicken to serving platter and keep warm.
Set oven to broil or highest heat setting. Toss potatoes once again in pan juices. Place pan under broiler and broil until potatoes are caramelized, about 3 minutes. Transfer potatoes to serving platter with chicken.
Place roasting pan on stove over medium heat. Add a splash of broth and stir up browned bits from the bottom of the pan. Strain; spoon juices over chicken and potatoes. Top with chopped oregano.

5 potatoes
3 eggs
1 cup chopped celery
1/2 cup chopped onion
1/2 cup sweet pickle relish
1/4 teaspoon garlic salt
1/4 teaspoon celery salt
1 tablespoon prepared mustard
ground black pepper to taste
1/4 cup mayonnaise


Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.  Add potatoes and cook until tender but still firm, about 15 minutes. Drain, cool, peel and chop.
Place eggs in a saucepan and cover with cold water. Bring water to a boil; cover, remove from heat, and let eggs stand in hot water for 10 to 12 minutes. Remove from hot water, cool, peel and chop.
In a large bowl, combine the potatoes, eggs, celery, onion, relish, garlic salt, celery salt, mustard, pepper and mayonnaise. Mix together well and refrigerate until chilled.

1 large baking potato
1 tablespoon olive oil
1/2 teaspoon paprika
1/2 teaspoon garlic powder
1/2 teaspoon chili powder
1/2 teaspoon onion powder


Preheat oven to 450 degrees F (230 degrees C).
Cut potato into wedges.  Mix olive oil, paprika, garlic powder, chili powder and onion powder together.  Coat potatoes with oil/spice mixture and place on a baking sheet.
Bake for 45 minutes in preheated oven.

1 (16 ounce) package frozen cauliflower
4 cloves garlic, peeled
3 tablespoons butter
2 tablespoons chopped fresh chives or more to taste
3 tablespoons light cream
2 tablespoons grated Parmesan-Reggiano cheese
salt and ground black pepper to taste


Place a steamer insert into a saucepan and fill with water to just below the bottom of the steamer. Cover and bring the water to a boil. Place cauliflower and garlic in steamer and steam until soft, 10 to 15 minutes.
Remove garlic cloves and smash with a fork; place smashed garlic with cauliflower into a pot.
Smash butter and chives into cauliflower and garlic with a fork or potato masher until smooth.
Stir light cream into smashed cauliflower mixture.
Sprinkle Parmesan-Reggiano cheese onto cauliflower mixture; season with salt and black pepper.
Cook the cauliflower mixture over low heat to absorb the cream and melt the butter, about 12 minutes.

8 potatoes, peeled and cubed
4 cups chicken broth
1 pound bacon, cut into 1 inch pieces
3 leeks, sliced
1 cup heavy cream


In a large saucepan or stockpot, bring potatoes and chicken broth to a boil. Cook until potatoes are tender. Meanwhile, place bacon in a large, deep skillet. Cook over medium high heat until evenly brown. Drain, reserving 3 tablespoons of grease and set aside. Sautee the leeks in the frying pan with the reserved bacon grease 8 to 10 minutes.
When the potatoes are tender, stir in the fried leeks, heavy cream and bacon. Stir to blend and remove from heat. Serve hot.

2 cups white sugar
1 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1 teaspoon ground nutmeg
1 pinch salt
1/2 cup butter
6 sweet potatoes, peeled and sliced
1 tablespoon vanilla extract


In a small bowl, mix the sugar, cinnamon, nutmeg, and salt together.
Melt butter in a large skillet over medium heat; add sweet potatoes, and stir to coat.  Sprinkle sugar mixture over the sweet potatoes, and stir. Cover skillet, and reduce heat to low. Cook, stirring occasionally, for 1 hour, or until the sauce is dark and the potatoes are candied. They should be tender, but a little hard around the edges.
Stir in vanilla, and serve.



4 large baking potatoes
1/2 pound bacon
4 tablespoons butter
1 large onion, chopped
1/2 cup chopped fresh mushrooms
1 teaspoon crushed red pepper
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 teaspoon chopped fresh chives
1 teaspoon salt
1 (8 ounce) container sour cream
1 (8 ounce) package shredded Cheddar cheese
1 teaspoon dry bread crumbs


Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Use a fork to pierce the potato skins.
Bake the potatoes unwrapped for about 1 hour, or until soft,  in the preheated oven.
Place bacon in a large, deep skillet. Cook over medium high heat until evenly brown. Drain, crumble and set aside.
Over medium-low heat melt the butter in a large saucepan. Combine onion, mushrooms, red pepper, garlic powder, pepper, chives and salt. Cook slowly, stirring occasionally until the onions are soft.
Slice open the baked potatoes and, keeping the skins intact, scoop the insides into a medium bowl. Transfer the onion mixture to the bowl. Mix in the sour cream. Pour in 1/2 of the cheese and continue mixing until all ingredients are well blended.
Using a large spoon, fill the potato skins with the mixture. Top with bread crumbs, the remaining cheese and bacon.
Return the potatoes to the preheated oven and continue baking for about 15 minutes, until the cheese is melted and the filling is slightly brown.

4 (8 ounce) baking potatoes
2 tablespoons butter, melted
salt and pepper to taste
2 tablespoons finely grated fresh Romano cheese
1 tablespoon seasoned dry bread crumbs


Preheat the oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Peel the potatoes, and place in bowl of cold water to prevent browning. Place potatoes into a large wooden or metal spoon. Using a sharp knife, make slices across the potato the short way about 1/8 to 1/4 inch apart, making sure to cut down to the lip of the spoon, not all the way through the potato. The slices should stay connected at the bottom, and the spoon helps keep the depth even. Return the potato to the bowl of water, and proceed with the remaining potatoes.
When all of the potatoes are cut, place them cut side up in a shallow baking dish or small roasting pan. Drizzle with half of the butter, then season with salt and pepper.
Bake for 35 to 40 minutes in the preheated oven. Remove from the oven, and drizzle with the remaining butter. Sprinkle Romano cheese and bread crumbs onto the tops of the potatoes, and season with a little more salt and pepper. Return to the oven, and bake for an additional 20 minutes, or until nicely browned.

1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 teaspoon onion powder
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/4 teaspoon salt
2 russet potatoes, scrubbed and cut into eighths


Preheat an oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Place Parmesan cheese, olive oil, onion powder, garlic powder, pepper, salt, and potatoes into a resealable plastic bag. Seal the bag, then shake to coat the potatoes with the seasoning. Spread the potatoes over a baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until the potatoes are easily pierced with a fork, about 25 minutes.

9 baking potatoes
2/3 cup butter
2/3 cup all-purpose flour
6 cups whole milk
1/2 tablespoon salt
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/2 cup bacon bits, divided
4 green onions, chopped
10 ounces shredded Cheddar cheese
1 (8 ounce) container sour cream


Prick potatoes with a fork and cook in the microwave, 3 or 4 at a time, and scoop out the flesh (while the others are cooking).
In a large saucepan over medium heat, melt butter.  Stir in flour and cook about a minute.  Whisk in milk, a little at a time, stirring constantly until thickened.  Stir in potatoes, salt, pepper, 1/3 cup bacon bits, 2 tablespoons green onions and most of the cheese.  Cook until thoroughly heated.  Stir in sour cream and heat through.  Serve topped with remaining bacon, onions and cheese.

2 tablespoons butter
3/4 cup finely chopped onion
2 cups peeled and diced potatoes
1 1/2 cups water
1/2 teaspoon dried dill weed (optional)
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 3/4 cups milk
3 tablespoons real bacon bits
1 tablespoon dried parsley, or to taste


Melt butter in saucepan over medium heat; cook and stir onion until lightly browned, about 10 minutes. Add potatoes, water, dill weed, salt, and pepper to onion; bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer until potatoes are tender and water is almost all evaporated, at least 30 minutes.
Stir milk and bacon bits into potato mixture; bring to a boil. Remove from heat and stir parsley into soup.

5 pounds potatoes, peeled and chopped
10 eggs
1 large onion, chopped
1 (24 ounce) jar sweet pickles, drained and chopped
2 cups mayonnaise


Place the potatoes in a large pan of water and boil over medium-low heat until tender, about 12 minutes. Drain the potatoes, and place in the refrigerator to cool.
Place the eggs in a saucepan of cold water over medium heat, and bring to a full boil. Turn off the heat, cover the pan, and allow the eggs to sit in the hot water for about 15 minutes. Cool the eggs thoroughly under cold running water and shell them. Chop the cooled eggs and place them in a large salad bowl.
Stir the onion, sweet pickles, and mayonnaise into the eggs, and let the mixture chill in the refrigerator at least l/2 hour to blend the flavors. Mix in the chilled chopped potatoes, and refrigerate for at least 1/2 hour. Serve cold.

3 large russet potatoes, peeled and quartered
2 tablespoons olive oil
1 tablespoon butter
Salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
1/4 teaspoon paprika
cayenne pepper to taste
1 pinch garlic powder
1 pinch onion powder
Chopped fresh chives (optional)


Arrange potato pieces evenly on a microwave-safe plate. Microwave on high until just tender, about 4 minutes. Let cool to room temperature. Cut potatoes into bite-size chunks.
Heat butter and olive oil in a non-stick skillet over medium-high heat. When butter melts and starts to turn brown, swirl the pan and add the potatoes. Shake pan to arrange in an even layer. Season with salt, pepper, paprika, garlic powder, and onion powder.
As potatoes brown, toss them and keep turning them every few minutes until they are crusty and crispy-edged and a rich reddish-brown color, 10 to 12 minutes. If potatoes seem to be cooking too quickly, reduce heat to medium. Serve topped with chopped chives.

6 medium beets, peeled and cut into chunks
2 1/2 tablespoons olive oil, divided
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon kosher salt
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 teaspoon sugar
3 medium sweet potatoes, cut into chunks
1 large sweet onion, chopped


Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
In a bowl, toss the beets with 1/2 tablespoon olive oil to coat. Spread in a single layer on a baking sheet.
Mix the remaining 2 tablespoons olive oil, garlic powder, salt, pepper, and sugar in a large resealable plastic bag. Place the sweet potatoes and onion in the bag. Seal bag, and shake to coat vegetables with the oil mixture.
Bake beets 15 minutes in the preheated oven. Mix sweet potato mixture with the beets on the baking sheet. Continue baking 45 minutes, stirring after 20 minutes, until all vegetables are tender.

2 large russet potatoes
1 cup prepared spinach artichoke dip
1/2 cup shredded Irish Cheddar cheese


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Pierce the potatoes in a couple of places with a sharp knife; place on a baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven until a knife easily slices through the potato, 45 to 60 minutes. Cool potatoes for 10 minutes.
Slice potatoes horizontally; scoop out the flesh with a fork, leaving the skin intact. Mix potato flesh with spinach artichoke dip in a bowl; spoon back into the potato skins and top with Cheddar cheese.
Bake in the oven until cheese is beginning to melt, 15 to 20 minutes. Turn on oven's broiler and broil until cheese begin to bubble and brown, 2 to 5 minutes.

4 1/2 cups all-purpose flour
2 teaspoons salt
2 tablespoons butter, melted
2 cups sour cream
2 eggs
1 egg yolk
2 tablespoons vegetable oil
8 baking potatoes, peeled and cubed
1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese
2 tablespoons processed cheese sauce
onion salt to taste (optional)
salt and pepper to taste


In a large bowl, stir together the flour and salt. In a separate bowl, whisk together the butter, sour cream, eggs, egg yolk and oil. Stir the wet ingredients into the flour until well blended. Cover the bowl with a towel, and let stand for 15 to 20 minutes.
Place potatoes into a pot, and fill with enough water to cover. Bring to a boil, and cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Drain, and mash with shredded cheese and cheese sauce while still hot. Season with onion salt, salt and pepper.  Set aside to cool.
Separate the perogie dough into two balls. Roll out one piece at a time on a lightly floured surface until it is thin enough to work with, but not too thin so that it tears. Cut into circles using a cookie cutter, perogie cutter, or a glass. Brush a little water around the edges of the circles, and spoon some filling into the center. Fold the circles over into half-circles, and press to seal the edges. Place perogies on a cookie sheet, and freeze. Once frozen, transfer to freezer storage bags or containers.
To cook perogies: Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Drop perogies in one at a time. They are done when they float to the top. Do not boil too long, or they will be soggy! Remove with a slotted spoon.

1 teaspoon salt
4 cups water, or as needed to cover
3 baking potatoes
1/4 cup butter
1/4 cup French onion dip
1 teaspoon minced garlic
1 tablespoon milk, or to taste
salt and ground black pepper to taste (optional)


Dissolve 1 teaspoon salt in water in a saucepan and add potatoes. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to medium-low, and simmer until potatoes are tender, about 20 minutes. Drain and return potatoes to saucepan.
Mash butter, French onion dip, and garlic into potatoes, using a potato masher or fork. Mix milk into potatoes, 1 teaspoon at a time, until potatoes are your desired consistency. Season with salt and black pepper.

2 pounds cubed beef stew meat
3 tablespoons vegetable oil
4 cubes beef bouillon, crumbled
4 cups water
1 teaspoon dried rosemary
1 teaspoon dried parsley
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
3 large potatoes, peeled and cubed
4 carrots, cut into 1 inch pieces
4 stalks celery, cut into 1 inch pieces
1 large onion, chopped
2 teaspoons cornstarch
2 teaspoons cold water


In a large pot or dutch oven, cook beef in oil over medium heat until brown. Dissolve bouillon in water and pour into pot. Stir in rosemary, parsley and pepper. Bring to a boil, then reduce heat, cover and simmer 1 hour.
Stir potatoes, carrots, celery, and onion into the pot. Dissolve cornstarch in 2 teaspoons cold water and stir into stew. Cover and simmer 1 hour more.

2 tablespoons butter
1 cup diced onion
2 1/2 cups peeled and diced potatoes
3 cups chicken broth
1 cup heavy cream
1 3/4 cups shredded sharp Cheddar cheese
1/4 teaspoon dried dill weed
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/4 teaspoon salt
1/8 teaspoon ground cayenne pepper


In a large saucepan over medium heat, melt butter.  Cook onion in butter until softened.  Stir in potatoes and broth, bring to a boil, then cover, reduce heat and simmer 15 to 20 minutes, until potatoes are tender.
Puree potato mixture in a blender or food processor or using an immersion blender; return to pot over medium heat.  Stir in cream, cheese, dill, pepper, salt and cayenne.  Bring to a low boil and cook, stirring, until thickened, 5 minutes.

4 chicken leg quarters
1 (24 ounce) bag small potatoes
1/2 cup olive oil
2 lemons, juiced, divided
2 tablespoons dried basil
2 tablespoons dried oregano
1 tablespoon salt
1 tablespoon ground black pepper
2 tablespoons lemon and herb seasoning
1 (12 ounce) package fresh green beans


Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Grease a large baking sheet with sides.
Place chicken quarters on prepared baking sheet. Stir potatoes, olive oil, juice of 1 lemon, basil, oregano, salt, pepper, and lemon herb seasoning together in a large bowl to coat potatoes. Arrange potatoes around chicken on baking sheet. Pour about 3/4 of oil mixture over chicken, reserving remaining oil; drizzle remaining lemon juice over chicken and potatoes.
Bake in the preheated oven for about 30 minutes; shake baking sheet to loosen potatoes, then continue baking for 15 minutes. Place green beans in reserved oil mixture; toss to coat. Remove chicken mixture from oven; pour green bean mixture over chicken and potatoes.
Return pan to the oven; bake until green beans are tender with a bite, chicken is no longer pink at the bone and juices run clear, about 15 minutes. An instant-read thermometer inserted near the bone should read 165 degrees F (74 degrees C).

8 red potatoes, cubed
5 ounces fresh spinach leaves
1/4 cup butter
1 onion, sliced
1 teaspoon minced garlic
3 tablespoons all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 cup milk
1 cup heavy cream
2 cups shredded Muenster cheese


Preheat an oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C). Combine the potatoes and spinach in a 9x13-inch baking dish; set aside.
Melt 3 tablespoons of butter in a saucepan over medium-low heat. Stir in the onion, and cook until dark brown, about 15 minutes. Stir in the garlic and flour; cook 1 minute more. Season with salt, and stir in the milk and cream. Bring to a simmer over medium heat; cook and stir until the sauce has thickened, about 10 minutes. Stir in 3/4 of the Muenster cheese until melted, and pour over the potatoes.
Cover the potatoes with aluminum foil, and bake in the preheated oven 30 minutes. Uncover, and cook 20 minutes more, then sprinkle with the remaining Muenster cheese, return to the oven, and bake until the potatoes are tender and the cheese is bubbly, about 10 minutes more.

4 cups chopped peeled sweet potato
1 sweet onions (such as Vidalia®), cut into wedges
2 cloves garlic, sliced
3 tablespoons olive oil
1 tablespoon balsamic vinegar, or more to taste
1 pinch salt and ground black pepper to taste


Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Mix sweet potatoes, sweet onion, and garlic in a bowl. Drizzle olive oil over the mixture and toss to coat; pour into a shallow roasting pan.
Roast sweet potato mixture in preheated oven, turning frequently, until the vegetables are soft and golden brown, 30 to 35 minutes. Drizzle balsamic vinegar over the vegetables; season with salt and pepper.

4 cups cauliflower florets
1 1/4 cups Swanson® Chicken Broth
4 cloves garlic, peeled and smashed
2 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese
1 tablespoon butter


Heat the cauliflower, broth and garlic to a boil in a 10-inch skillet over high heat. Reduce the heat to medium. Cover the skillet and cook for 15 minutes or until the cauliflower is tender.
Mash the cauliflower mixture in the skillet and stir in the Parmesan cheese and butter. Season to taste.

6 small red potatoes, quartered
2 tablespoons butter
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 tablespoon fresh rosemary, chopped
sea salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 cup fresh spinach leaves


Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Place the potatoes in a single layer in a ceramic casserole dish. Melt the butter in a skillet over medium heat. Add garlic, and cook until golden. Stir in the rosemary, and cook just until fragrant. Pour over the potatoes in the dish. Season with sea salt and pepper.
Roast uncovered for about 30 minutes in the preheated oven, until the potatoes are fork tender. Remove from the oven, and toss with the spinach leaves. Return to the oven for 1 to 2 minutes, until the spinach has wilted.

2 pounds red potatoes, quartered
1/4 cup butter, melted
2 teaspoons minced garlic
1 teaspoon salt
1 lemon, juiced
1 tablespoon grated Parmesan cheese


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place potatoes in an 8x8 inch baking dish.
In a small bowl combine melted butter, garlic, salt and lemon juice; pour over potatoes and stir to coat.  Sprinkle Parmesan cheese over potatoes.
Bake, covered, in preheated oven for 30 minutes.  Uncover and bake until golden brown and tender when pierced with a fork, about 10 minutes more.

Mashed potato layer:
5 russet potatoes, peeled and cut into 1-inch cubes
1/2 cup vegan mayonnaise
1/2 cup soy milk
1/4 cup olive oil
3 tablespoons vegan cream cheese substitute (such as Tofutti ®)
2 teaspoons salt
Bottom layer:
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 large yellow onion, chopped
2 carrots, chopped
3 stalks celery, chopped
1/2 cup frozen peas
1 tomato, chopped
1 teaspoon Italian seasoning
1 clove garlic, minced, or more to taste
1 pinch ground black pepper to taste
1 (14 ounce) package vegetarian ground beef substitute
1/2 cup shredded Cheddar-style soy cheese


Place the potatoes in a pot, cover with cold water, and bring to a boil over medium-high heat. Turn the heat to medium-low, and boil the potatoes until tender, about 25 minutes; drain.
Stir the vegan mayonnaise, soy milk, olive oil, vegan cream cheese, and salt into the potatoes, and mash with a potato masher until smooth and fluffy. Set the potatoes aside.
Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C), and spray a 2-quart baking dish with cooking spray.
Heat the vegetable oil in a large skillet over medium heat, and cook and stir the onion, carrots, celery, frozen peas, and tomato until softened, about 10 minutes. Stir in the Italian seasoning, garlic, and pepper.
Reduce the heat to medium-low, and crumble the vegetarian ground beef substitute into the skillet with the vegetables. Cook and stir, breaking up the meat substitute, until the mixture is hot, about 5 minutes.
Spread the vegetarian meat substitute mixture into the bottom of the baking dish, and top with the mashed potatoes, smoothing them into an even layer. Sprinkle the potatoes with the shredded soy cheese.
Bake in the preheated oven until the cheese is melted and slightly browned and the casserole is hot, about 20 minutes.

6 potatoes
1 cup vegetable oil
8 ounces shredded Cheddar cheese
1/8 cup bacon bits
1 (16 ounce) container sour cream


Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Lightly grease a 9x13 inch baking pan.
Pierce potatoes with a fork.  Microwave the potatoes on high until they are soft; approximately 10 to 12 minutes.
Cut the potatoes in half vertically. Scoop the inside out of the potatoes, until 1/4 inch of the potato shell remains.
Heat oil to 365 degrees F (180 degrees C) in a deep fryer or a deep saucepan. Place the potatoes in hot oil, fry for 5 minutes. Drain potatoes on paper towels.
Fill the potato shells with cheese and bacon bits. Arrange them in the prepared baking pan.
Bake for 7 minutes, or until the cheese is melted. Serve hot with sour cream.



6 cloves garlic, crushed
3 tablespoons olive oil
1 large head cauliflower, coarsely chopped
1 teaspoon kosher salt
1 teaspoon dried parsley
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place garlic in a casserole dish and drizzle with olive oil.
Roast garlic in the preheated oven until tender and fragrant, about 15 minutes.
Place a steamer insert into a saucepan and fill with water to just below the bottom of the steamer. Bring water to a boil. Add cauliflower, cover, and steam until tender, about 10 minutes.
Mash cauliflower and roasted garlic with olive oil together in a bowl. Stir salt, parsley, and pepper into mashed cauliflower until completely incorporated. Spread cauliflower mixture into casserole dish.
Bake mashed cauliflower in the preheated oven until hot and flavors blend, about 15 minutes.

3 Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled
2 parsnips, peeled
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 tablespoon butter, melted
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 teaspoon fresh thyme leaves, divided
2 ounces finely grated Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, divided
3/4 cup creme fraiche, divided
1 cup chicken broth
1 pinch cayenne pepper, or to taste


Place potatoes and parsnips in a bowl of cold water.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C). Place garlic and melted butter into a 2-quart baking dish; brush garlic and butter all over the inside of the dish.
Slice potatoes very thin using a mandoline slicer.
Layer 1/3 potato slices into the bottom of the prepared baking dish. Season with salt and black pepper. Sprinkle a few thyme leaves onto potato slices and a light dusting of Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese. Spoon about 3 tablespoons creme fraiche over cheese.
Thinly slice parsnips using a vegetable peeler; arrange 1/2 the parsnip slices in an even layer over the creme fraiche and season with salt and black pepper. Repeat potato and parsnip layering process: 1/3 potato slices, salt and black pepper, thyme, Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese, creme fraiche, and remaining 1/2 parsnip slices. Dust with salt. Arrange last 1/3 potato slices on top and season with salt.
Pour chicken broth over potato-parsnip layers about 3 tablespoons at a time. Shake dish gently to eliminate air bubbles. Gently spread remaining 2 tablespoons creme fraiche over the potatoes. Sprinkle cayenne and remaining Parmigiano-Reggiano cheese over the top.
Bake in the center of the preheated oven until gratin is browned and a knife pierces layers easily, 45 minutes to 1 hour.

2 teaspoons olive oil
2 pounds Italian sausage links, cut into 2-inch pieces
1/4 cup olive oil
4 large potatoes, peeled and thickly sliced
2 large green bell peppers, seeded and cut into wedges
2 large red bell peppers, seeded and cut into wedges
3 large onions, cut into wedges
1/2 cup white wine
1/2 cup chicken stock
1 teaspoon Italian seasoning
salt and pepper to taste


Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Heat 2 teaspoons olive oil in a large skillet over medium heat, and cook and stir the sausage until browned. Transfer the cooked sausage to a large baking dish. Pour 1/4 cup of olive oil into the skillet, and cook the potatoes, stirring occasionally, until browned, about 10 minutes. Place the potatoes into the baking dish, leaving some oil. Cook and stir the green and red peppers and onions in the hot skillet until they are beginning to soften, about 5 minutes. Add the vegetables to the baking dish. Pour wine and chicken stock over the vegetables and sausage, and sprinkle with Italian seasoning, salt, and pepper. Gently stir the sausage, potatoes, and vegetables together.
Bake in the preheated oven until hot and bubbling, 20 to 25 minutes. Serve hot.

2 pounds whole new potatoes
5 cups cold water
1 cup kosher salt
1/4 cup melted butter, or to taste


Place potatoes into a large pot and cover cold water and salt; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until tender, 15 to 20 minutes. Drain. Transfer potatoes to a plate and drizzle butter over the top.

5 sweet potatoes, peeled and sliced
1/2 cup packed brown sugar
1/4 cup low fat margarine
2 tablespoons orange juice
2 pinches ground cinnamon
1 (10.5 ounce) package miniature marshmallows


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Boil sliced sweet potatoes in water until tender. Drain.
In a large bowl, blend the potatoes until creamy. Stir in the butter, brown sugar, orange juice to taste and a dash of ground cinnamon.
Spread the sweet potato mixture into a 9x13 inch pan. Sprinkle the miniature marshmallows over the top and bake at 350 degrees F (175 degrees C) until golden brown.

1 tablespoon butter
3 pounds whole russet potatoes
12 ounces thick cut bacon, cut into 1/2-inch pieces
2 large onions, thinly sliced
1 teaspoon salt, or to taste
1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper, or to taste
1 pinch cayenne pepper, or to taste
1/2 cup dry white wine
3/4 cup creme fraiche
1 (16 ounce) round Reblochon cheese or other ripe, washed rind cheese


Boil unpeeled potatoes with salt in water over high heat; reduce heat and simmer until potatoes are easily pierced with a knife but are not too soft, 15 to 25 minutes depending on size. Remove potatoes from water to cool.
Preheat oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Cook bacon in a skillet over medium to medium-high heat until cooked but not quite crisp and most of the fat is rendered out, 5 to 7 minutes. Push bacon to one side of the pan and blot up some of the fat with a wadded paper towel. Add onion slices. Season with kosher salt and freshly ground black pepper and cayenne. Cook and stir over medium heat until onions are soft, sweet, and golden, about 6 minutes. Add white wine; cook for 2 minutes and deglaze pan. Remove from heat.
Cut wheel of cheese into 2 semi-circles. Place each half cut side down and split in half to form 2 more semi-circles, each with a rind side and creamy cheese side.
When potatoes are cool enough to handle, peel off the skin. Slice into fairly thick slices, about 1/3 inch thick.
Place a little over half the potato slices onto bottom of a 2-quart shallow baking dish. A little overlapping is fine. Sprinkle with a bit of salt. Pour in bacon/onion/wine mixture and spread over potatoes in an even layer. Arrange the remaining potato slices over the top, overlapping as needed. Spread creme fraiche over the potatoes. Place down cheese pieces, rind side up. Transfer pan to a baking sheet. Bake in center rack of preheated oven until browned and potatoes are tender, 45 to 50 minutes.

1 head cauliflower, cut into florets
1/4 cup Parmesan cheese
1 tablespoon cream cheese at room temperature
2 teaspoons chicken soup base
2 teaspoons roasted garlic, or to taste
1 1/2 teaspoons butter at room temperature
1/2 teaspoon milk, or to taste (optional)
salt and ground black pepper to taste


Bring a pot of water to a boil. Cook cauliflower florets in the boiling water until they are extremely tender, about 10 minutes; drain in a colander. Put several paper towels on top of the cauliflower and use back of a big bowl to press down and squeeze as much liquid from the cauliflower as you can.
Mix Parmesan cheese, cream cheese, chicken soup base, roasted garlic, and butter in a bowl. Add cauliflower to the cheese mixture; beat with an electric hand mixer until creamy, about 3 minutes. Beat milk into the mixture until you get your desired texture. Season with salt and pepper.

1 head cauliflower, cut into florets
1 tablespoon olive oil
2 cloves garlic, mashed
1/4 cup Parmesan cheese
1 tablespoon reduced-fat cream cheese
1/2 teaspoon sea salt
1/8 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper
1 pound ground turkey
1 1/2 cups hot water
1/2 cup whole wheat elbow macaroni
1/2 cup frozen peas
1 (1.25 ounce) envelope dry onion soup mix
1/2 teaspoon paprika


Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Place a steamer insert into a saucepan and fill with water to just below the bottom of the steamer. Bring water to a boil. Add cauliflower; cover and steam until tender, 10 to 12 minutes.
Heat olive oil in a skillet over medium heat; cook and stir garlic until softened, about 2 minutes.
Blend cauliflower, garlic, Parmesan cheese, cream cheese, salt, and pepper in a blender until smooth.
Heat a large skillet over medium-high heat. Cook and stir ground turkey in the hot skillet until browned and crumbly, 5 to 7 minutes; drain and discard grease. Stir water, macaroni, peas, and soup mix into turkey; simmer until pasta is tender yet firm to the bite, 5 to 10 minutes.
Pour pasta mixture into a 9x13-inch baking dish. Spread cauliflower mixture over pasta mixture. Sprinkle paprika over the top.
Bake in the preheated oven until lightly browned, about 20 minutes.

3/4 pound fresh green beans, trimmed and halved
1/2 pound red potatoes, quartered
1 large onion, sliced
1 pound smoked sausage, cut into 1 inch pieces
1 teaspoon salt
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 teaspoon vegetable oil
1 teaspoon butter
1/3 cup water


Preheat an outdoor grill for high heat.
On a large sheet of foil, place the green beans, red potatoes, onion, and sausage. Season with salt and pepper, sprinkle with oil, and top with butter. Tightly seal foil around the ingredients, leaving only a small opening. Pour water into the opening, and seal.
Place foil packet on the prepared grill. Cook 20 to 30 minutes, turning once, until sausage is browned and vegetables are tender.

1 cup cold water
1 egg, beaten
1/2 teaspoon salt
3/4 cup dry potato flakes
1 tablespoon chopped chives
1 pinch freshly ground black pepper
1 pinch cayenne pepper, or to taste
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
1 tablespoon butter
1/4 cup sour cream for garnish
1 tablespoon chopped chives, divided


Whisk together water, egg and salt in a large bowl until salt has dissolved. Stir in dry potato flakes until incorporated. Stir in 1 tablespoon of chopped chives; season with black pepper and cayenne pepper.
Heat oil and butter in a large skillet over medium-high heat. Swirl the pan to combine.
Divide potato mixture into four equal portions and shape into pancakes. Place the pancakes in the pan and reduce heat to medium. Cook until a well-browned crust has formed onto the bottom of the pancakes, about 10 minutes. Flip each pancake and flatten slightly. Cook until other sides are browned, 7 to 8 more minutes.
Transfer to plate; top each pancake with a dollop of sour cream and sprinkle each with 3/4 teaspoon chives.



4 cups peeled and sliced potatoes
2 cups diced ham
1/2 onion, chopped
2 cups milk
1 cup frozen peas
3 tablespoons all-purpose flour
2 tablespoons butter
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/8 teaspoon garlic powder
1/8 teaspoon onion powder
1 teaspoon dried parsley
1/4 pound Cheddar cheese, diced
1 pinch paprika, or to taste


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Layer half the potatoes, half the ham, and half the onion in an 2-quart baking dish; repeat the layers.
Heat milk, peas, flour, butter, salt, black pepper, garlic powder, and onion powder in a saucepan over medium heat, stirring constantly, until thickened, 7 to 10 minutes.
Stir Cheddar cheese into sauce until cheese is melted.
Pour sauce over potato and ham mixture; sprinkle with paprika.
Cover baking dish with aluminum foil.
Bake in the preheated oven until potatoes are tender, about 1 hour.
Remove foil and continue baking until lightly browned, about 15 minutes more.

2 pounds new potatoes (such as Yukon Gold), halved
2 tablespoons olive oil, or more if needed
salt to taste
1 teaspoon olive oil
2 ounces pancetta, chopped
1/4 pound king trumpet mushrooms, cut into chunks
1/4 pound chanterelle mushrooms, cut into chunks
1/4 pound nameko mushrooms, trimmed
1/4 pound clamshell (shimeji) mushrooms, trimmed
3 tablespoons sherry vinegar
2 tablespoons chopped fresh tarragon
2 cloves garlic, minced
1 tablespoon olive oil (optional)


Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Place potatoes into a large roasting pan and drizzle with 2 tablespoons olive oil. Sprinkle with salt and mix to coat potatoes with salt and olive oil. Turn so the cut sides are up.
Roast in the preheated oven for 30 minutes.
While potatoes are cooking, pour 1 teaspoon olive oil into a large skillet over medium heat and cook pancetta, stirring often, in the hot oil until pancetta releases some fat and looks like cooked ham, about 5 minutes. Stir in king trumpet, chanterelle, nameko, and clamshell mushrooms, adding a pinch of salt as they cook.
Turn heat to high and cook mushrooms until most of the juices evaporate and mushrooms begin to brown, about 10 minutes.
Turn oven heat up to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Stir potatoes in the baking dish; mix mushrooms and pancetta with potatoes. Return to oven and bake for 10 minutes; stir and continue baking until potatoes are browned, soft, and tender, about 10 more minutes. Let cool slightly, about 10 minutes.
Drizzle sherry vinegar over potatoes and mushrooms, sprinkle with tarragon, garlic, and 1 tablespoon olive oil, and toss to mix. Taste and adjust seasoning. Transfer to a serving platter.

6 sweet potatoes, peeled and cubed
3/4 cup milk
1/2 cup butter
3/4 cup maple syrup


Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Add potatoes and cook until tender, 20 to 30 minutes.
With an electric mixer on low, blend potatoes, slowly adding milk, about 1/2 a cup at a time. Use more or less to achieve desired texture. Add butter and maple syrup to taste. Blend until smooth. Serve warm.

4 large sweet potatoes
2 apples - peeled, cored, and sliced
2 tablespoons butter, cut into small cubes
1/2 cup rum
1/2 cup chopped pecans
1/4 cup maple syrup
1/4 cup raisins
1/4 cup cranberries
1 tablespoon stevia
1 1/2 teaspoons coconut oil


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place sweet potatoes in a microwave-safe dish and cook in the microwave for 5 minutes. Add apples to the sweet potatoes and cook in the microwave until sweet potatoes and apples are tender, about 3 minutes more.
Arrange sweet potatoes in a 9x13-inch baking dish and slice each sweet potato down the middle. Place butter cubes into each sweet potato.
Mix rum, pecans, maple syrup, raisins, cranberries, stevia, and coconut oil together in a bowl. Stuff sweet potatoes with rum mixture and apples.
Bake in the preheated oven until filling is bubbling and fragrant, about 30 minutes.

1 1/3 tablespoons butter
1 tablespoon olive oil
5 cups sliced mushrooms
2 teaspoons butter, softened
1 clove garlic, minced (optional)
5 russet potatoes, peeled and very thinly sliced
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
1 teaspoon minced fresh thyme, divided
6 ounces sottocenere (Italian semi-soft truffle cheese), shredded
1 cup chicken stock
2 cups heavy whipping cream


Melt 1 1/3 tablespoon butter with olive oil in a large saucepan over medium-high heat; cook mushrooms in the hot butter-oil mixture, stirring often, until browned on the edges, 15 to 20 minutes.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Combine 2 teaspoons softened butter with garlic in a small bowl; butter a 9x13-inch baking dish with garlic butter.
Spread 1/3 the potatoes into the bottom of the prepared baking dish in a layer; season with salt, black pepper, 1/2 the thyme leaves, and 1/2 the cooked mushrooms. Sprinkle almost half the sottocenere cheese over potatoes, reserving about 3 tablespoons for the top. Layer next 1/3 the potatoes over cheese, season with salt and black pepper, remaining 1/2 thyme leaves, 1/2 the remaining cheese, remaining mushrooms, and last layer of potatoes. Season potatoes with more salt and black pepper. Pour chicken stock and cream over the top. Sprinkle with more salt and black pepper and reserved 3 tablespoons of sottocenere cheese. Cover dish loosely with aluminum foil; tent the foil a little so it doesn't touch the potatoes.
Bake in the preheated oven until potatoes are bubbly, about 45 minutes. Remove foil and cook until top is browned, about 15 more minutes. Let cool slightly before serving.

2 Russet potatoes, each cut into 6 equal wedges
olive oil
1 tablespoon herbes de Provence
1 pinch paprika, or to taste
salt and ground black pepper to taste


Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C). Line a baking sheet with a silicone baking mat.
Toss potato wedges, olive oil, herbes de Provence, paprika, salt, and black pepper together in a bowl until potatoes are evenly coated. Place wedges on their sides onto the prepared baking sheet.
Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Flip potatoes onto their other sides; return to oven and cook until crusty and golden brown, about 20 minutes more.

5 sweet potatoes, sliced
1/4 cup reduced fat margarine
1/2 cup packed brown sugar
3 tablespoons orange juice
1 pinch ground cinnamon
1 (10.5 ounce) package miniature marshmallows


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place sweet potatoes in a large saucepan with enough water to cover. Bring to a boil, and cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Remove from heat, drain, and mash.
Place mashed sweet potatoes in large bowl, and use an electric mixer to blend with the margarine, brown sugar, orange juice, and cinnamon. Spread evenly into a 9x13 inch baking dish. Top with miniature marshmallows.
Bake for 25 to 30 minutes in the preheated oven, or until heated through, and marshmallows are puffed and golden brown.

1 tablespoon olive oil
1 tablespoon butter
1 onion, diced
2 pounds lean ground lamb
1/3 cup all-purpose flour
salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 teaspoons minced fresh rosemary
1 teaspoon paprika
1/8 teaspoon ground cinnamon
1 tablespoon ketchup
3 cloves garlic, minced
2 1/2 cups water, or as needed
1 (12 ounce) package frozen peas and carrots, thawed
2 1/2 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and halved
1 tablespoon butter
1 pinch ground cayenne pepper
1/4 cup cream cheese
1/4 pound Irish cheese (such as Dubliner®), shredded
salt and ground black pepper to taste
1 egg yolk
2 tablespoons milk


Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Place olive oil and butter in Dutch oven over medium heat. Stir in onion and ground lamb; brown the meat, breaking it up into small crumbles as it cooks, about 10 minutes.
Stir in flour until incorporated, then mix in salt, black pepper, rosemary, paprika, cinnamon, ketchup, and garlic; cook and stir until garlic is fragrant, 2 to 3 minutes.
Stir in water and scrape up any brown bits from the bottom of the Dutch oven. Reduce heat to medium-low and bring mixture to a simmer; cook and stir until thick, about 5-6 minutes.
Remove lamb mixture from heat and stir in peas and carrots until combined.
Spread lamb mixture into the bottom of a 9x13-inch baking dish and set aside.
Place potatoes into a large pan of salted water. Bring to a boil, reduce heat to medium, and cook until tender, about 15 minutes. Drain well and return potatoes to pan.
Mash butter, cayenne pepper, cream cheese, and Irish cheese into the potatoes. Mash until combined and potatoes are smooth. Season to taste with salt and black pepper.
Whisk together egg yolk and milk in a small bowl; stir into the mashed potato mixture.
Top the lamb mixture in the baking dish with the mashed potatoes and spread evenly to cover.
Bake in the preheated oven until the top is golden brown and sauce is bubbling up around the edges, 25 to 30 minutes.

3 pounds potatoes, peeled and cut into thick wedges
1/3 cup olive oil
2 lemons, juiced
2 teaspoons salt
1 teaspoon oregano
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
3 cups chicken broth


Preheat oven to 400 degrees F (200 degrees C).
Put potato wedges into a large bowl. Drizzle olive oil and lemon juice over the wedges and toss to coat. Season potatoes with salt, oregano, and black pepper; toss again to coat.
Spread potato wedges in a single layer in a 2 inch-deep pan. Pour chicken broth over the potatoes.
Roast potatoes in preheated oven until tender and golden brown, about 1 hour.

1 large head cauliflower, cut into florets with stems cut into bite-size pieces
1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese, divided
1/2 cup reduced-fat sour cream
4 ounces reduced-fat cream cheese, softened
1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place a steamer insert into a saucepan and fill with water to just below the bottom of the steamer. Bring water to a boil. Add cauliflower, cover, and steam until very tender, about 5 minutes.
Transfer cauliflower to a bowl and mash with a potato masher until few chunks remain; add 1/2 cup Cheddar cheese, sour cream, cream cheese, and Parmesan cheese and mix thoroughly. Spread the mixture into a 8-inch square casserole dish; top with remaining Cheddar cheese. Cover dish with aluminum foil or lid.
Bake in preheated oven until hot and bubbling, 20 to 25 minutes. Remove cover and continue baking until the top is browned, about 10 minutes more.



1 1/2 tablespoons vegetable oil
1 small onion, diced
1 teaspoon minced fresh ginger root
4 cloves garlic, minced
2 potatoes, cubed
4 carrots, cubed
1 fresh jalapeno pepper, seeded and sliced
3 tablespoons ground unsalted cashews
1 (4 ounce) can tomato sauce
2 teaspoons salt
1 1/2 tablespoons curry powder
1 cup frozen green peas
1/2 green bell pepper, chopped
1/2 red bell pepper, chopped
1 cup heavy cream
1 bunch fresh cilantro for garnish


Heat the oil in a skillet over medium heat. Stir in the onion, and cook until tender. Mix in ginger and garlic, and continue cooking 1 minute. Mix potatoes, carrots, jalapeno, cashews, and tomato sauce. Season with salt and curry powder. Cook and stir 10 minutes, or until potatoes are tender.
Stir peas, green bell pepper, red bell pepper, and cream into the skillet. Reduce heat to low, cover, and simmer 10 minutes. Garnish with cilantro to serve.

4 cloves garlic - peeled, halved, and germ (green sprout) removed
1/2 small red chile pepper, seeded and coarsely chopped
1 teaspoon ground cumin
1 teaspoon paprika
1/2 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
2 tablespoons olive oil


Place garlic, chile pepper, cumin, paprika, cayenne pepper, salt, and pepper in a mortar; grind into a paste using a pestle. Pour in olive oil and mix well.

2 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled, sliced 1/4-inch thick
1 whole garlic clove
4 tablespoons unsalted butter, melted, plus more for greasing pan
2 cups heavy cream
1 tablespoon fresh thyme, leaves only
1 cup freshly grated Parmesan cheese, divided
Salt and pepper to taste
Reynolds Wrap® Aluminum Foil


Preheat oven to 375 degrees F. Line a rimmed baking sheet with Reynolds Wrap(R) Aluminum Foil. Set aside. The sheet will catch any spills in the oven later on.
Place the potato slices in a large pot and cover with cold water. Season with salt and bring to boil for 5 minutes. Drain in a colander and allow the potatoes to steam for 1 minute.
Rub a 10-inch baking dish with the garlic clove and generously butter the dish. Finely chop the garlic. Set aside.
With the heat off, transfer the potatoes back to the pot and add heavy cream, thyme, half of the Parmesan cheese, chopped garlic, melted butter, salt and pepper. Stir all of the ingredients together until the potatoes are well coated.
Layer the potatoes on top of each other in the buttered baking dish. Pour any remaining liquid on top of the potatoes. Place the baking dish on the prepared baking sheet. Cover the baking dish with foil and bake for 40 minutes. Remove the foil from the baking dish, add the remaining cheese and bake for 15-20 minutes, or until golden brown.

8 red potatoes
1 cup mayonnaise
1/2 cup sour cream
1 tablespoon onion powder
1 tablespoon garlic powder
1 teaspoon seasoned salt
1 teaspoon ground black pepper
3/4 cup crumbled cooked bacon
1/2 cup diced red onion
2 cups shredded American cheese
3 tablespoons grated Parmesan cheese


Preheat an oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Grease a 9x13 inch baking dish.
Slice potatoes with skins on into 1/4 inch thick slices. Place the potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water. Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until tender, 10 to 15 minutes. Drain and allow to steam dry for a minute or two.
Mix together the mayonnaise, sour cream, onion and garlic powders, seasoned salt, pepper, bacon, onion, and American cheese in a bowl. Stir in the potato slices. Pour mixture into prepared baking dish. Sprinkle top with grated Parmesan cheese.
Bake until bubbly and beginning to brown, 35 to 40 minutes.

1 head cauliflower, chopped
2 cloves garlic
1 bay leaf
water to cover
1/2 cup shredded Cheddar cheese
2 tablespoons butter
2 tablespoons sour cream
salt and ground black pepper to taste


Place cauliflower, garlic, and bay leaf in a pot; pour in enough water to cover. Bring mixture to a boil and cook until cauliflower is tender, about 20 minutes. Drain and discard bay leaf.
Transfer cauliflower and garlic to a blender; add Cheddar cheese, butter, and sour cream. Blend mixture until desired consistency is reached; season with salt and pepper.

1 head cauliflower, cut into florets
2 tablespoons butter
1/2 cup milk
1/2 cup sour cream
1 cup Italian-seasoned bread crumbs
salt and ground black pepper to taste


Preheat the oven to 375 degrees F (190 degrees C).
Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Cook cauliflower in the boiling water until tender, about 10 minutes; drain and set aside.
Melt butter in the same pot over medium heat. Stir cauliflower, milk, and sour cream into melted butter.
Mash cauliflower in the pot using a hand blender until creamy.
Transfer cauliflower mixture to a baking dish; evenly cover with bread crumbs and season with salt and black pepper.
Baking in the preheated oven until bread crumbs are lightly browned, about 30 minutes.

1 large head cauliflower, cut into florets
3 cups chicken broth
3 tablespoons butter
1 cup shredded Vermont white Cheddar cheese
1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese
salt and pepper to taste


Bring cauliflower and chicken broth to a boil in a large saucepan over high heat. Reduce heat to medium, cover, and simmer for 10 minutes. Uncover the saucepan and increase heat to medium-high. Allow cauliflower to simmer until soft and the cooking liquid has reduced by half, about 10 minutes.
Remove cauliflower from the heat, and add the butter, Cheddar cheese, and Parmesan cheese. Mash with a potato masher until the cheeses have melted and the cauliflower is smooth, then season to taste with salt and pepper.

salt to taste
1 head cauliflower, cut into florets
1 tablespoon butter


Bring a 4-quart pot of salted water to a boil; add cauliflower and simmer until tender, 7 to 10 minutes. Drain cauliflower, reserving 1 cup cooking liquid.
Blend cauliflower and 1/4 cup cooking liquid in a blender until smooth, adding more water until desired consistency is reached. Add butter and pulse until incorporated; season with salt.

1 (9 inch) unbaked pie crust
2 cups cooked and mashed sweet potatoes
2 tablespoons butter, softened
2 eggs, beaten
1 cup white sugar
1 tablespoon all-purpose flour
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 cup buttermilk
1/4 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon vanilla extract


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Mix together mashed sweet potatoes, butter or margarine, and eggs. In a separate bowl, mix together sugar, flour, and salt. Mix in spices if desired. Add to sweet potato mixture and stir well.
Mix together buttermilk and baking soda. Add to sweet potato mixture and stir well. Mix in vanilla extract. Pour filling into pastry shell.
Bake in preheated oven for 70 minutes, until set in center.

2 (16 ounce) packages frozen cauliflower
1/4 cup butter
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/2 teaspoon salt
1 clove garlic, minced (optional)


Place cauliflower in a pot with enough water to cover. Bring to a boil and cook 10 minutes, or until tender. Drain and return cauliflower to pot.
Stir butter, black pepper, salt, and garlic into cooked cauliflower.
Mash cauliflower mixture with a potato masher or whisk until a smooth consistency similar to mashed potatoes.











5 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes
1/2 cup butter
2 cups Parmesan cheese
1 cup chopped fresh chives
1 1/2 cups cream cheese
1/2 medium head garlic, peeled and minced
1 pinch salt and pepper to taste


Bring a pot of salted water to a boil. Add potatoes; cook until tender but still firm. Drain and return to stove over low heat to dry for 1 to 2 minutes.
Add butter, Parmesan cheese, chives, cream cheese, garlic, salt, and pepper. Use a potato masher to mash until smooth, and serve.





















8 red potatoes, cubed
2 teaspoons crushed garlic
1/2 cup butter
1/4 cup half-and-half cream
1/4 teaspoon steak seasoning
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
1/8 teaspoon white sugar


Place the potatoes into a large pot, and fill with enough water to cover. Add 1 teaspoon of the crushed garlic to the water for flavor. Bring to a boil, and cook for about 10 minutes, or until easily pierced with a fork.
Drain the potatoes, and add the butter. Mash until the butter is melted. Mix in the half-and-half, steak seasoning, garlic powder, sugar, and remaining garlic. Mix potatoes with an electric mixer until smooth.











































4 1/2 pounds russet potatoes, peeled and halved lengthwise
1/2 cup mascarpone cheese at room temperature
1 egg yolk
3/4 cup milk
salt and freshly ground black pepper to taste
1 pinch cayenne pepper, or to taste
1 cup butter, cut into chunks


Place potato halves into a large pot of salted water, bring to a boil, and reduce heat to medium-low. Cook until very tender, about 15 minutes. A knife should pierce the middle of a potato half easily. Transfer potatoes to a colander and drain thoroughly, about 5 minutes.
Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).
Whisk mascarpone cheese in a mixing bowl until smooth. Stir egg yolk and milk into mascarpone cheese, whisking until smooth; season with salt, black pepper, and cayenne pepper.
Transfer potatoes to a separate large mixing bowl, add butter chunks to potatoes, and season with salt and black pepper. Mash butter into potatoes with a potato masher until fluffy; a few lumps are okay. Whisk mascarpone mixture into mashed potatoes.
Spread mashed potatoes into a 9x13-inch baking dish. Smooth the top and use the tip of a spatula to lightly press the potatoes and lift up to create little peaks and valleys in the top.
Bake in the preheated oven until potatoes are heated through and top is golden brown, about 20 minutes.

















2 whole heads garlic, top third sliced off and discarded
olive oil
1 tablespoon sea salt
5 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and cubed
1 cup sour cream
1 (4 ounce) package cream cheese
1 cup butter
salt and ground black pepper to taste


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Place garlic heads in a baking dish and drizzle each with 1 tablespoon of olive oil. Bake in the preheated oven until garlic is soft and brown, about 45 minutes.
Bring a large pot of water to a boil and stir in sea salt. Cook potatoes in the salted water until tender, about 30 minutes. Drain.
Transfer potatoes to a large bowl and add sour cream, cream cheese, butter, salt, and black pepper to the bowl. Cover bowl with a lid or a piece of aluminum foil and let mixture stand for 5 minutes to soften butter and cream cheese, about 5 minutes.
Squeeze roasted garlic from the cloves into the potato mixture; mash potatoes until smooth, creamy, and thoroughly combined.

2 pounds baking potatoes, peeled and quartered
2 tablespoons butter
1 cup milk
salt and pepper to taste


Bring a pot of salted water to a boil.  Add potatoes and cook until tender but still firm, about 15 minutes; drain.
In a small saucepan heat butter and milk over low heat until butter is melted.  Using a potato masher or electric beater, slowly blend milk mixture into potatoes until smooth and creamy.  Season with salt and pepper to taste.

3 pounds russet (Idaho) potatoes, scrubbed but unpeeled
1 1/2 cups half and half, plus extra if necessary
Salt, to taste
6 tablespoons butter, softened


Place potatoes in a large pan with water to cover. Bring to a boil. Reduce heat and simmer, covered, until tender when pierced with a thin-bladed knife, 20 to 30 minutes.
Heat half and half in microwave.
Process unpeeled potatoes through a food mill into a medium bowl. (Or, using a potholder, peel and drop them into a bowl. Puree using a potato masher or standing mixer fitted with the paddle attachment.) Stir in half and half and a sprinkling of salt (or beat, if using mixer) until smooth and fluffy. (Can be cooled and refrigerated in an airtight container up to 2 days.)
Thirty minutes before serving, microwave until warm. Transfer to a heatproof bowl set over a pan of simmering water. Stir in butter to melt. Cover with plastic wrap. Keep warm until serving time.



5 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, cooked and mashed
2 (3 ounce) packages cream cheese
8 ounces sour cream
1/2 cup milk
2 teaspoons onion salt
ground black pepper to taste


Combine mashed potatoes, cream cheese, sour cream, milk, onion salt, and pepper to taste. Mix well and place in a large casserole.
Cover and bake at 325 degrees F (165 degrees C) for 50 minutes.

5 pounds red potatoes, peeled and cut into chunks
1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese
1 (8 ounce) container sour cream
1 1/2 cups chicken broth
2 teaspoons garlic powder
salt to taste
1/2 cup butter, melted


Place potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain.
Transfer potatoes to a large bowl and mash with cream cheese and sour cream until thoroughly combined; slowly mash in chicken broth, followed by garlic powder and salt.
Beat potatoes with an electric mixer on high speed until whipped, about 2 minutes. Transfer potatoes to a slow cooker. Set slow cooker to Low and cook for 3 hours. Stir melted butter into potatoes just before serving.

3 pounds potatoes, peeled and cut into chunks
1/4 cup milk
2 tablespoons mayonnaise
1/4 cup unsalted butter
4 slices bacon, chopped
1 onion, diced
1 clove garlic, minced
1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1/2 head cabbage, sliced into thin strips
1/2 cup water
salt and ground black pepper to taste
2 cups fully cooked ham, cut into bite-size pieces


Place potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water. Bring to a boil, set heat to medium-low, and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain potatoes and transfer to a large mixing bowl.
Stir milk, mayonnaise, and butter into potatoes. Mash with a potato masher until smooth.
Cook and stir bacon in a large skillet over medium heat until fat is rendered, 3 to 5 minutes.
Stir onion, garlic, and cayenne pepper into bacon and drippings and cook, stirring often, until onions are translucent, about 5 minutes.
Stir cabbage and water into onion mixture until cabbage is wilted, about 5 more minutes. Season with salt and black pepper.
Fold cabbage mixture into mashed potatoes.
Cook and stir ham pieces in the same skillet used for cabbage mixture until lightly browned, 3 to 5 minutes.
Stir cooked ham into mashed potato and cabbage mixture until combined.

3 1/2 pounds potatoes, peeled and cubed
1/2 cup butter
1/2 cup half-and-half cream, or more if needed
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder (optional)


Place potatoes in a large pot and cover with salted water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until tender, 20 to 25 minutes. Drain.
Mash potatoes with a potato masher or an electric mixer on Low in a bowl until smooth.
Heat butter and half-and-half in a small saucepan over medium heat until butter is melted and half-and-half is warmed, 3 to 5 minutes.
Mash or beat butter mixture, salt, black pepper, and garlic powder into mashed potatoes until potatoes are light and fluffy. Stir additional half-and-half, 1 tablespoon at a time, into potatoes for creamier consistency.



2 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and quartered
1/2 cup milk
1/2 cup sour cream
1/4 cup chopped fresh chives
salt and pepper to taste


Place potatoes in a large pot with enough water  to come up 2 inches from the bottom. Bring to a boil, and cook for 20 to 25 minutes, until fork tender. Drain, and mash. Mix in the milk using a potato masher or an electric mixer until fluffy. Stir in the sour cream and chives, and season with salt and pepper.

3 pounds red potatoes, cut into chunks
1/4 cup butter
2 ounces cream cheese, cut into pieces
1/4 cup milk
2 tablespoons bacon bits
1/2 cup shredded Colby-Monterey Jack cheese
2 tablespoons Montreal steak seasoning
1/2 teaspoon kosher salt, or to taste


Place the potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water. Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain.
Mash the potatoes with a potato masher; mash in butter and cream cheese. Stir in milk, bacon bits, Colby-Jack cheese, and steak seasoning. Season to taste with salt.

3 slices bacon
2 tablespoons butter
1 small onion, chopped
1 stalk celery, chopped
1/4 teaspoon minced garlic
1 1/4 cups mashed potatoes
1 cup shredded American cheese
3/4 cup all-purpose flour
1 egg, slightly beaten
1/4 teaspoon prepared yellow mustard
1/8 teaspoon ground black pepper
1 dash hot sauce
1 tablespoon vegetable oil
2 tablespoons sour cream


Place bacon in a large skillet and cook over medium-high heat, turning occasionally, until evenly browned, about 10 minutes. Drain the bacon slices on paper towels, reserving bacon grease in skillet; crumble bacon.
Melt butter in bacon grease over medium heat; cook and stir onion, celery, and garlic until tender and lightly browned, about 15 minutes. Transfer vegetables and bacon to large bowl; stir in mashed potatoes, American cheese, flour, egg, mustard, black pepper, and hot sauce.
Heat vegetable oil in a clean skillet over medium heat. Drop spoonfuls of mashed potato mixture, flattening slightly, and fry patties until golden brown on both sides, 5 to 7 minutes. Serve with sour cream.

3 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and cut into 1 1/2-inch chunks
3/4 cup milk
1 vanilla bean, split lengthwise
1/2 cup white chocolate baking discs
4 ounces shredded extra-sharp white Cheddar cheese
salt to taste


Place potatoes into a large pot and cover with water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain.
Combine milk and vanilla bean in a saucepan over medium-heat. When the milk begins to bubble, remove and discard the vanilla bean. Add chocolate chips to milk; whisk continuously until chocolate is melted.
Mash potatoes in a large bowl. Add milk-chocolate mixture to potatoes and stir until combined. Add cheese and mash together with potatoes; season with salt.

4 pounds potatoes, peeled and cut into chunks
1 cup sour cream
1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened
1 tablespoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground white pepper
1 clove garlic, crushed
1 tablespoon melted butter
1/2 teaspoon paprika
1/4 cup chopped fresh chives


Place potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water; bring to a boil. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes; drain and transfer potatoes to a large bowl.
Mash sour cream, cream cheese, salt, white pepper, and garlic into the potatoes with a potato masher to your desired consistency; transfer to a baking dish, cover with plastic wrap and refrigerate 8 hours to overnight.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Drizzle melted butter and sprinkle paprika evenly over the top of the potatoes.
Bake in preheated oven until hot in the center, about 30 minutes. Garnish with chives.



6 baby red potatoes, halved, or more to taste
1/4 cup unsweetened almond milk, or more to taste
1/2 lemon, juiced, or more to taste
1 tablespoon soy-free buttery spread (such as Earth Balance®), melted, or more to taste
1 teaspoon minced garlic, or more to taste
1/2 teaspoon salt, or to taste


Bring a large pot of water to a boil. Add potatoes. Reduce heat to medium-low and simmer until potatoes fall apart with pierced with a fork, about 15 minutes. Drain.
Place potatoes in a deep bowl; mix lightly. Add almond milk, lemon juice, buttery spread, garlic, and salt. Mash to desired consistency.

2 1/2 pounds potatoes, peeled and cubed
1 cup chicken broth
1 head cauliflower, chopped
1/4 cup milk
1/4 cup butter, softened
1/4 cup sour cream
1 tablespoon ground black pepper, or to taste
1 teaspoon garlic powder
1/4 teaspoon paprika
salt to taste


Combine potatoes and chicken broth in a slow cooker.
Cook potatoes on Low for 3 hours. Add cauliflower and continue cooking on Low another 3 hours.
Stir milk, butter, sour cream, black pepper, garlic powder, paprika, and salt into the potato mixture. Mash with a potato masher or blend with an immersion blender to desired consistency.
Continue cooking until hot, about 10 minutes more.

9 potatoes, peeled and cubed
6 ounces cream cheese
1 cup sour cream
2 teaspoons onion powder
1 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon ground black pepper
2 tablespoons butter


Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil. Drop in potatoes, and cook until tender but still firm, about 15 minutes.
Transfer potatoes to a large bowl, and mash until smooth. Mix in the cream cheese, sour cream, onion powder, salt, pepper and butter. Cover, and refrigerate 8 hours, or overnight.
Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C). Lightly grease a medium baking dish.
Spread potato mixture into the prepared baking dish, and bake in the preheated oven about 30 minutes.

2 pounds sweet potatoes, peeled and cubed
1/4 cup toasted, ground hazelnuts
1/2 cup heavy cream
1/4 cup sour cream
1/4 cup apple cider
salt and pepper to taste


Place the sweet potatoes into a large pot and cover with salted water. Bring to a boil over high heat, then reduce heat to medium-low, cover, and simmer until tender, about 20 minutes. Drain and allow to steam dry for a minute or two.
Mash the potatoes until smooth, then stir in the hazelnuts, heavy cream, sour cream, and apple cider. Season to taste with salt and pepper.



2 large potatoes, peeled
2 cups chopped fresh broccoli
1/4 cup milk
1/4 teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon olive oil
1/2 onion, chopped
1 cup shredded Cheddar cheese
3 eggs
1 cup milk
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
1/4 teaspoon ground nutmeg


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bring a large pot of salted water to a boil.  Add potatoes and cook until tender but still firm, about 15 minutes; drain.  Meanwhile, place broccoli in a steamer over 1 inch of boiling water, and cover. Cook until tender but still firm, about 2 to 6 minutes. Drain and set aside.
Mash the potatoes with milk and salt.  Brush a deep 9 inch pie dish with olive oil and press the potatoes in.  Brush with remaining olive oil.    Bake in preheated oven for 30 minutes or until lightly browned.
Arrange onions, broccoli and cheese in the potato crust.  Whisk together the eggs, milk, salt, pepper and nutmeg.  Pour over broccoli and cheese.
Bake in preheated oven for 30 to 40 minutes, until slightly puffed and cooked throughout.  Allow to cool for 10 minutes before serving.

5 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, peeled and cubed
1/2 cup butter
1/4 cup milk
1 (8 ounce) package cream cheese, softened
1 onion, grated
1 egg
salt and pepper to taste


Preheat oven to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C).
Bring a large pot of lightly salted water to a boil. Add potatoes, and cook until tender but firm, about 15 minutes; drain.
In a large bowl, mash potatoes with the butter and milk. With a hand mixer, beat in cream cheese and onion. In a small bowl, beat the egg with a little bit of the mashed potatoes. Stir into potatoes, and season with salt and pepper. Transfer to a 2 quart casserole dish.
Bake 1 hour in the preheated oven, or until puffy and lightly browned.

8 large potatoes, peeled and cubed
4 ounces cream cheese
1/3 cup butter
8 ounces sour cream
1/2 (1 ounce) package dry Ranch-style dressing mix


Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F ( 175 degrees C).
Place potatoes in a large pot with enough water to cover. Bring to a boil, and cook until potatoes are tender, about 10 minutes. Drain water, and add cream cheese, butter, sour cream and ranch dressing mix. Mash until creamy using a potato masher or electric mixer. Spread evenly in a large baking dish.
Bake for 30 minutes in the preheated oven, until the top is golden brown.

1 pound red potatoes
1 pound Yukon Gold (yellow) potatoes
1 fresh jalapeno pepper, sliced
12 ounces baby carrots
4 cloves garlic
1 (10 ounce) package frozen white corn, thawed
1/4 cup butter
1/2 cup shredded Cheddar cheese
salt and pepper to taste


Place red potatoes, yellow potatoes, jalapeno pepper, carrots and garlic cloves in a large pot. Cover with water, and bring to a boil over high heat. Cook 15 to 20 minutes, or until potatoes are tender. Drain water from pot.
Stir in corn and butter. Mash the mixture with a potato masher until butter is melted and potatoes have reached desired consistency. Mix in cheese, salt, and pepper. Serve hot.

3 pounds Yukon Gold potatoes, cubed
1/2 cup butter
8 ounces goat cheese
3 tablespoons chopped fresh dill
3 tablespoons chopped fresh chives
1/2 cup milk


Place the potatoes into a large pot and fill with enough lightly salted water to cover. Bring to a boil, and cook until tender enough to easily pierce with a fork, about 10 minutes. Drain and mash partially, then add the butter and milk. Continue to mash until smooth. Stir in the goat cheese, chives and dill.

