In 1998 Emilia Fox played Catherine in Katherine Howard at the Chichester Festival Theatre, in Chichester, Sussex; she would later play Henry's third wife Jane Seymour in the 2003 ITV drama Henry VIII.
Catherine was first portrayed on screen in 1926, in the silent film Hampton Court Palace, when she was played by Gabrielle Morton.
In 1933, in The Private Life of Henry VIII, Catherine was played by Binnie Barnes. In this comedy of manners, Catherine ambitiously sets out to seduce the king, played by Charles Laughton, but ultimately falls in love with the debonair, devoted Thomas Culpeper, played by Robert Donat. Catherine's story dominates the film.
In 1970 Angela Pleasence played Catherine in a 90-minute BBC television drama, as part of the series The Six Wives of Henry VIII, opposite Keith Michell as Henry VIII, Patrick Troughton as the Duke of Norfolk and Sheila Burrell as Lady Rochford. In this interpretation, Catherine is characterised as a selfish hedonist who uses the naïve Culpeper to try to get herself pregnant to secure her position.
Catherine Howard made a cameo appearance, played by Monika Dietrich, in the 1971 slapstick British comedy Carry On Henry, with Sid James as Henry VIII.
In 1972 Lynne Frederick portrayed a deeply sympathetic Queen Catherine in Henry VIII and His Six Wives (a film version made subsequent to the 1970 BBC series) opposite Keith Michell as Henry VIII, in a production that highlighted her youth and positive qualities.
In 2001 Michelle Abrahams played Catherine in Dr. David Starkey's television documentary on Henry's queens.
In 2003 Emily Blunt gave a more sympathetic portrayal of Catherine in the ITV television drama Henry VIII, which focused on Catherine's sexual escapades. This production, once again, explained her adultery by her relatives' desire for her to get pregnant. It shows Catherine crying and screaming with fear at her execution, although contemporary accounts suggest she died in a more dignified manner.
In 2009 and 2010 Tamzin Merchant played Catherine Howard in the third and fourth seasons of the Showtime series The Tudors. Merchant portrays Catherine as being flighty yet sweet, sexually adventurous, fun-loving and unquestionably adulterous. She is willingly seduced into the affair with Culpeper (who nurses a lustful obsession with her) by Lady Rochford, whose motivations are somewhat murky. This interpretation also details Catherine's blackmail at the hands of her former friends from Lambeth, a detail often omitted from modern retellings due to its deficit of historical evidence.
Elena Valentine played Catherine in the 2016 Henry VIII and His Six Wives TV mini-series by Oxford Film & Television.[42]
In 2015, an episode of Horrible Histories entitled "Horrid Henry VIII" featured Louise Ford, portraying Catherine Howard.
A highly fictionalised version of a devoutly Catholic, learned and serious Catherine, who wants to return Henry to the Old Faith, is depicted in the trilogy The Fifth Queen by Ford Madox Ford, originally published as separate novels in 1906, 1907 and 1908, and reprinted both as a single-volume omnibus edition and in its separate parts numerous times since.
The 1967 novel Katheryn, The Wanton Queen by Maureen Peters, written from the perspective of a fictional character, Geraldine Lyle, tells the story of Catherine from young girlhood to her marriage to Henry VIII.
Noonday Queen (1988), another novel by Maureen Peters.
Catherine appeared as a major character in both the last instalment of Jean Plaidy's "Queens of England" series, Rose Without a Thorn, published the year of her death in 1993; and the much earlier Murder Most Royal, first published in 1949 as part of her "Tudor Saga" series, which also included Anne Boleyn as a protagonist.
Catherine is a main character in the 2006 novel The Boleyn Inheritance by Philippa Gregory.
Catherine appears as a character in 2006's Sovereign, the third novel in author C. J. Sansom's Matthew Shardlake series.
Catherine's story, along with that of Anne Boleyn, is told from the viewpoint of Lady Rochford in the 2007 novel Vengeance Is Mine by Brandy Purdy; this same novel was re-issued under the title The Boleyn Wife in 2009, now under the pen name Emily Purdy.
Catherine's life was portrayed in the new play commissioned by restored Elizabethan playhouse The Rose: Rose Without a Thorn, written by Harry Denford in 2008.
Catherine's two years at court prior to her death are retold from her point of view in the 2009 novel The Queen's Mistake by Diane Haeger.
Catherine's story is fictionalised in the 2009 young adult novel The King's Rose by Alisa M. Libby.
Catherine appeared as a character in the 2010 novel Secrets of the Tudor Court by D.L. Bogdan.
The Confessions of Catherine Howard, a 2010 novel by Suzannah Dunn, includes a fictionalised version of maid-of-honour Katherine Tilney (with her name spelled Catheryn to distinguish her from her cousin who became Queen) as a close confidant of Howard who is torn between loyalty to her friend and to the man she loves.
Catherine's story is told in the 2012 novel The Unfaithful Queen by Carolly Erickson.
In Gilt, a 2012 young adult novel by Katherine Longshore, Catherine's story is shown side by side with that of "Kitty" Tylney, again fictionalised, this time as Catherine's best friend.
Catherine Howard was a major character in Between Two Queens by Kate Emerson, part of the Secrets of the Tudor court series.
Rick Wakeman recorded the piece "Catherine Howard" for his 1973 album The Six Wives of Henry VIII. On his 2009 live version of the album the spelling is changed to "Kathryn Howard".
The song "Marry Me" by Emilie Autumn is about the time period that Catherine was married to King Henry VIII.
Catherine's story is related in the song "Catherine Howard's Fate" by the band Blackmore's Night.
