After Corday's decapitation, a man named Legros lifted her head from the basket and slapped it on the cheek. Charles-Henri Sanson, the executioner, indignantly rejected published reports that Legros was one of his assistants. Sanson stated in his diary that Legros was in fact a carpenter who had been hired to make repairs to the guillotine.[18] Witnesses report an expression of "unequivocal indignation" on her face when her cheek was slapped. The oft-repeated anecdote has served to suggest that victims of the guillotine may in fact retain consciousness for a short while, including by Albert Camus in his Reflections on the Guillotine. ("Charlotte Corday's severed head blushed, it is said, under the executioner's slap.").[19]
This offense against a woman executed moments before was considered unacceptable and Legros was imprisoned for three months because of his outburst.[20]
Jacobin leaders had her body autopsied immediately after her death to see if she was a virgin. They believed there was a man sharing her bed and the assassination plans. To their dismay, she was found to be virgo intacta (a virgin).[21]
The assassination did not stop the Jacobins or the Terror: Marat became a martyr, a bust of him replaced a religious statue on the rue aux Ours and a number of place-names were changed to incorporate his.[22]
Corday's act transformed the idea of what a woman was capable of, and to those who did not shun her for her act, she was a heroine. André Chénier, for example, wrote a piece in honor of Corday. This highlighted the "masculinity" possessed by Corday during the revolution.
La vertu seule est libre. Honneur de notre histoire, -Virtue alone is free. Honor of our history,
Notre immortel opprobre y vit avec ta gloire, -Our immortal opprobrium lives there with your glory,
Seule tu fus un homme, et vengeas les humains. -Only you were a man, and avenged the humans.
Et nous, eunuques vils, troupeau lâche sans âme, -And we, vile eunuchs, a cowardly herd without a soul,
Nous savons répéter quelques plaintes de femme, -We know how to repeat a few complaints from a woman,
Mais le fer pèserait a nos dèbiles mains. -But the iron would weigh our dear hands.
