Percy Bysshe Shelley wrote about her in his Posthumous Fragments of Margaret Nicholson (1810).
American dramatist Sarah Pogson Smith (1774–1870) also memorialised Corday in her verse drama The Female Enthusiast: A Tragedy in Five Acts (1807).
Alphonse de Lamartine devoted to her a book of his Histoire des Girondins (1847), in which he gave her this now famous nickname: "l'ange de l'assassinat" (the angel of assassination).
French dramatist François Ponsard (1814–67) wrote a play, Charlotte Corday, which was premièred at the Théâtre-Français in March, 1850.
Harper's Weekly mentioned Corday in their April 29, 1865 edition, in a series of articles analyzing the assassination of Abraham Lincoln, as the "one assassin whom history mentions with toleration and even applause," but goes on to conclude that her assassination of Marat was a mistake in that she became Marat's victim rather than saving or helping his victims. Her case is pointed to as a pattern that matches all other assassinations in harming rather than helping the cause for which the act was carried out.
At the end of Act III, before departing to kill the Czar, the eponymous heroine of Oscar Wilde's play Vera; or, The Nihilists exclaims "the spirit of Charlotte Corday has entered my soul now."
Charlotte appears briefly but significantly, in Caen, in A Far Better Rest, by Susanne Alleyn, a reimagining of A Tale of Two Cities.
Drieu La Rochelle wrote a play in three acts called Charlotte Corday in 1939. It was performed in southern France during World War II. Corday is depicted as a fervent republican who hopes eliminating Marat will save the revolution and prevent it from degenerating into tyranny.
A minor character in P.G. Wodehouse's Jeeves series is named after Charlotte Corday.
Italian composer Lorenzo Ferrero (1951– ) composed an opera in three acts, Charlotte Corday, for the 200th anniversary of the French Revolution which was commemorated in 1989.
In Peter Weiss's Marat/Sade, the assassination of Marat is presented as a play, written by the Marquis de Sade, to be performed by inmates of the asylum at Charenton, for the public. The patient performing the role of Corday in the play-within-a-play (Glenda Jackson in the stage production and subsequent film adaptation) is, somewhat ironically, a narcoleptic.
The historical fiction novel My Bonny Light Horseman, part of the Bloody Jack series by L.A. Meyer, references a Jean-Paul de Valdon, who claims to be the cousin of Charlotte Corday.
British singer-songwriter Al Stewart included a song co-written by Tori Amos about Corday on his album Famous Last Words (1993).
In Katherine Neville's novel The Eight, Charlotte Corday changes place with the heroine Mireille, who kills Jean-Paul Marat for revenge.
The graphic novel series L'Ordre Du Chaos includes a whole book dedicated to Charlotte Corday and Marat.
Corday makes an appearance in Assassin's Creed: Unity. Protagonist Arno Dorian finds Marat's body in a murder mystery mission, and after investigating evidence, clues, and talking to witnesses, the player has the option of accusing Corday of the murder.
In Les Miserables, Combeferre likens Enjolras's execution of Le Cabuc to Corday's assassination of Marat, calling it a "liberating murder."[24]
Actor Herbert Lom's novel Dr Guillotine features Corday as a principal protagonist in a story set around the Reign of Terror.
