He was tried in Aix-en-Provence in southern France on March 9 and 10, 1976, just three weeks after Patrick Henry was arrested in Troyes for another child murder. Journalists described public opinion as sensitive to the point of hysteria, demanding death penalties for child murderers.
On the advice of his mother, Ranucci came to court dressed like a clergyman, sporting a large pectoral cross, which irritated most of the jury, and was interpreted by a few observers as an indication of his immaturity. Ranucci appeared arrogant during the trial, denying the crime and his guilt, despite the physical evidence and the details he had provided during his confession.[21] · [22] Found guilty on all counts on March 10, 1976, he was sentenced to death. During the last hearing, and after his advocate's plea, minutes were communicated at the last moment to the jury and the defence lawyers, which, while not unheard of or illegal, was an extremely rare procedure. This was later used as an argument before the Court of Cassation.
Again on his mother's advice, Ranucci wrote a 74-page document titled "Récapitulatif" ("Summary") while on death row, in which he summed up the case from his point of view, and attempted to prove he was innocent. Gérard Bouladou, who has written books about the case, observes signs of mythomania in this document and argues that Ranucci was trying to persuade himself of his own innocence.[23] His appeal for a second trial was denied by the Court of Cassation on June 17, 1976.[24]
Finally, on July 26, President Valéry Giscard d'Estaing refused a pardon for Ranucci. He was executed by guillotine in the courtyard of Baumettes prison, in Marseilles, on July 28, 1976, at 4:13 am. Two of his lawyers who witnessed the execution, claimed his last words were "Réhabilitez-moi!" ("Clear my name!"), but executioner André Obrecht wrote in his memoirs that the condemned said nothing before dying, his last word being a "Negative!" shouted at the chaplain when he refused to receive communion. His third lawyer, André Fraticelli, confirmed that Ranucci never asked to be rehabilitated. It is also specified in the minutes of the execution that Ranucci "made no statement".[25]
