A novel by Gilles Perrault entitled Le Pull-over rouge (The Red Sweater), disputed Ranucci's involvement in the crime, expressing the writer's doubts about his guilt. The title of the book refers to a red sweater found hidden in the mushroom bed where Ranucci hid after his car accident, which seemed similar to that worn by another man who sexually abused children in another Marseilles estate, just two days before Rambla's kidnapping and murder.[26] During the inquiry, when asked about the sweater, Ranucci denied being its owner. In his book, Perrault took on board Ranucci's final defence, arguing that a concussion he allegedly suffered as a result of the accident, right at the bottom of the crime scene, caused Ranucci to become victim to manipulation and impersonation by the "real murderer". In this theory, the man is supposed to have carried the unconscious Ranucci, drove his car to the mushroom bed where he then hid his red sweater.[27] However, nothing within the penal case could corroborate this version; Perrault himself had no explanation or rebuttal to the main evidence, in particular the hiding place of the murder weapon Ranucci revealed.
The victim's father, Pierre Rambla, vehemently opposed the book and the subsequent campaign that supported Perrault's theses, arguing it made his family suffer, especially his elder son Jean-Baptiste who almost witnessed Marie-Dolorès' abduction.[28]
The book was made into a film by Michel Drach in 1979, starring Serge Avédikian as Ranucci.[29] A television film about the case, L'affaire Christian Ranucci: Le combat d'une mère, starring Alexandre Hamidi and Catherine Frot as Christian Ranucci and his mother, was released in 2007.[30] · [31]
The controversy next entered politics, influencing the debate on capital punishment in France, which culminated in criminal lawyer, and newly nominated Minister of Justice, Robert Badinter addressing the National Assembly in September 1981 to defend his bill to abolish capital punishment. He claimed, with regard to the Ranucci case, that there were: "too many questions about his case, and [that] these questions were sufficient [...] to condemn the death penalty".[32] On the other hand, some journalists who covered the case refuted Perrault's miscarriage of justice theory. Christian Chardon, who covered the case for Détective, wrote an article for the newspaper Minute titled "Non ! L'affaire Ranucci n'est pas une erreur judiciaire" ("No! The Ranucci case was not a miscarriage of justice") in late 1978, in which he recapped the key points of the case and argued for Ranucci's guilt. Chardon denied that Ranucci had been tortured as claimed during his trial. (In particular, he had accused Commissioner Gérard Alessandra, chief of the criminal section "Nord" in the Hôtel de Police de Marseille, who was in charge of the inquiry.)[33] In late 1979, Jean Laborde published an article in Paris-Match which he titled "Ranucci innocent ? Eh bien non !" ("Ranucci innocent? Well no!"), also refuting Perrault's theory of Ranucci's innocence.
In 1990, having accused the policemen in charge of the inquiry of "abuse of authority" in a 1985 TV program titled Qui a tué Christian Ranucci? (Who killed Christian Ranucci?), Gilles Perrault, as well as the presenter, was found guilty of defamation and fined 40,000 francs to be paid to each of the five policemen, a sentence confirmed and raised on appeals to 70,000 francs for each plaintiff.[34] In 2008, Perrault and his publisher Fayard were found guilty of defamation against the Marseille police in another book, L'Ombre de Christian Ranucci,[35] in which it was stated that the investigators behaved with "thoughtlessness and partisanship". Perrault was fined 5,000 euros and his publisher an equal sum for each policeman defamed, a decision confirmed and increased to 10,000 euro for each of the four policemen on appeal in 2009. [36]
Since the publishing of Le Pull-over rouge, which was followed by the creation of the "Comité national pour la révision du procès Ranucci", there have been three requests for a review of the Ranucci trial, all of them ultimately rejected, the court arguing that no new facts had been presented.[37] It was stressed that arguments presented before the Court of Cassation had already been cited previously by the defence during the criminal trial.[33] Despite the creation of the association "Affaire Ranucci: Pourquoi réviser?" by four Parisian students in 2002, there have been no further attempts to seek reconsideration since 1991 - the rejection date of the last request. Although some rumors circulated in 2006 about the presence of serial killer Michel Fourniret near Marseilles in 1974, an anthropometric study concluded that photographs taken at Ranucci's trial in 1976 of a man who seemed at a first sight to look like Fourniret, did not match pictures of the real Fourniret at that time.[38] On multiple occasions, former President of the Republic Giscard d'Estaing has said in interviews that he did not feel remorse regarding his role in the case; he mentioned to journalist Laurent Delahousse in 2010 that he did not regret his decision to decline clemency to Ranucci, claiming that he was indeed guilty and that "he had to be punished".[39]
Héloïse Mathon died on March 14, 2013. She was buried in the graveyard of Saint-Véran, Avignon, alongside her son's ashes which she had followed as they were transported from the graveyard Saint-Pierre in Marseille to Saint-Véran after his execution.
