Ranucci was arrested two days after the murder as he was returning from his office to his home in Nice. The girl's corpse had been found shortly before by a squad of gendarmes. He had been identified by his licence plate number provided by witnesses to the car accident during his flight with the child. He confessed to the abduction and murder of Marie-Dolorès Rambla, and drew an accurate sketch of the kidnapping, then indicated the place where he disposed of the murder weapon, his bloodied flick knife, which was later found buried in a peat field stack by gendarmes.
Psychiatrists who heard Ranucci's conversation during sessions diagnosed him as having an "immature and backward sexuality". According to their report this, coupled with a need for company, had led to the desire to take children and spend time with them. He was not profiled as a pedophile, but rather as someone whose sexual identity remained undefined, though the psychiatrists asserted he showed "keen interest" in children. While confessing, Ranucci claimed he had no intention of harming the girl and only wished to go for a ride with her.[15] He explained the murder was a result of panic and fear due to the accident.
His motive for the abduction still remain unclear, as no signs of rape or other sexual assault were found on the victim's body.
Months later, while incarcerated at Baumettes prison (9th arrondissement of Marseille), he repudiated his confession after learning he was of the same blood type as the little girl (bloodstains had been found on his pants seized in his car trunk),[16] and hearing about a local pedophile who wore a red sweater similar to the one discovered near the mushroom bed where he had hidden after the murder.[17]
André Fraticelli, Ranucci's lawyer, originally planned to plead mitigating circumstances, citing his client's difficult childhood, the sight of his father slashing his mother's face, and the numerous moves made across France as a defence in court. Fraticelli wanted the jury to consider Ranucci's state of mind and consciousness while committing murder, and whether he was really accountable for the crime, rather than his guilt.[a][19] However, as Ranucci had retracted his confession, his other two lawyers conformed to his wishes, and chose to plead his innocence.[b][20]
