As his mother refused to accompany him on a Pentecost weekend trip, Ranucci left Nice alone on June 2, 1974. After visiting the region, he arrived in Marseilles on the morning of June 3, 1974. Looking for the home of a former military service comrade, he stopped in the Cité Sainte-Agnès housing estate (4th arrondissement). Distracted by the sight of a group of children involved in numerous games, he came across Marie-Dolorès Rambla, eight years old, and her six-and-a-half year old brother Jean-Baptiste, along with two neighbouring children playing behind a building, in the car park of a local garage.[8]
When the Rambla children were alone, around 11:10 am - 11:15 am, he moved his car to the car park, on the same level where the children were. Telling them he had lost a "big black dog", he asked for their help in searching for it. Sending the little boy off to track down the non-existent dog, he stayed with Marie-Dolorès, chatting for a few minutes, then persuaded her to get into his car - a grey Peugeot 304. According to his later confession, the girl was initially reluctant to go with him, making him repeat his offer; he eventually gained her trust by promising to return her home for lunch time.
After being arrested, he was not recognized by the two witnesses to the abduction, and the only physical evidence implicating him in this phase of the crime was a drawing showing the estate where the Rambla family lived; he made this drawing in police custody.[9]
An hour later, arriving at a crossroads, he went through a stop sign and collided with another car, damaging both vehicles. He then turned round and fled in the direction of Marseilles, drove a few hundred metres before stopping at the bottom of a hill, exited from his car with the young girl, and climbed up to the thickets holding her left arm. Hearing Marie-Dolorès screaming and crying (she had just lost her right shoe and had to walk barefoot on ground's vegetation),[10] he jammed her neck then subsequently lay her down and pushed her temple to the ground. He hit her head with stones then stabbed her in the throat with his flick knife (she reportedly received about fifteen blows).[11] · [12] Afterwards, he covered the body with prickly branches.
Returning to his car, he drove for a while, then hid in a mushroom bed in order to change his flat tyre, change his bloodied clothes, clean, and hide his knife. However, when leaving, he needed help from people to get his car out of the mud. After having accepted a cup of tea, he got back to his home, Corniche Fleurie (on the heights of Nice).[13] · [14]
