Dafydd's parents were Gruffudd ap Llywelyn ab Iorwerth (died 1244) and his wife Senana.
Owain Goch ap Gruffydd (died c. 1282)
Llywelyn ap Gruffudd, Prince of Wales (killed at Battle of Orewin Bridge at Builth Wells, 11 December 1282) married Eleanor de Montfort, daughter of Simon de Montfort, Earl of Leicester. They had one daughter, Gwenllian. Eleanor died in childbirth at Llywelyn's court at Abergwyngregyn on 19 June 1282.
Rhodri ap Gruffudd (died c. 1315) married 1) Beatrice, daughter of David of Malpas. 2) unknown. He had a son Thomas ap Rhodri (died 1363) by his second marriage, who was the father of Owain ap Thomas (died 1378).
Gwladus ferch Gruffudd (died 1261) married Rhys Fychan (died 1271) of Ystrad Tywi.
Margaret ferch Gruffudd married Madog II ap Gruffydd, Lord of Dinas Bran (died 1277) of Powys Fadog. They had two sons, Gruffudd ap Madog and Llywelyn ap Madog. The two boys died in mysterious circumstances shortly after the outbreak of war in 1282.
Thomas Pennant[3] states that the boys were "drowned in the River Dee" at Holt by their guardians John de Warenne, 6th Earl of Surrey, and Roger Mortimer the younger. D. Powel[4] mentions the "destruction" of the two princes, whose guardians, Warenne and Mortimer, "so garded their wardes wit so small regard, that they never returned to their possessions. And shortlie after the said guardians did obtaine the same lands to themselves by charters of the king."
On 7 October 1282, John de Warenne was granted the land of Maelor (Bromfield) that had previously held by the two sons of Madoc ap Gruffudd at the beginning of the war.[5]
Dafydd ap Gruffudd married (sometime after 1265) Lady Elizabeth Ferrers, daughter of William de Ferrers, 5th Earl of Derby, and the widow of William Marshal, 2nd Baron Marshal (not the Earl of Pembroke).
Through the marriage Dafydd came into possession of the manor of Folesham, Norfolk. He exchanged Folesham with John Marshal[disambiguation needed] for the manor of Norton, Northamptonshire.
September 1278, he accepted a grant for life from Edward l, King of England, of the manor of Frodsham, near Chester.[6]
After Dafydd's capture his sons were imprisoned for the rest of their lives at Bristol Castle; his daughter was sent to a convent.
Llywelyn ap Dafydd (died 1287)
Owain ap Dafydd (died c.1325)
Gwladys ferch Dafydd (died 1336)
In addition, Dafydd is recorded in late genealogical sources as having sired an illegitimate child, Dafydd Goch, though there is no contemporary evidence to support this.
