Danton, Robespierre, and Marat are characters in Victor Hugo's novel, Ninety-Three (Quatrevingt-treize), set during the French Revolution.
Danton was given major credit for sparking the revolution and becoming its tempering agent in the 1921 Lillian Gish film Orphans of the Storm.
Danton is a central character in Romanian playwright Camil Petrescu's play of the same name.
Danton's last days were made into a play, Dantons Tod (Danton's Death), by Georg Büchner.
On the basis of Büchner's play, Gottfried von Einem wrote an opera with the same title, on a libretto by himself and Boris Blacher, which premiered on 6 August 1947 at the Salzburger Festspiele.
Danton appears in the Hungarian play The Tragedy of Man and the animated movie of the same name as one of Adam's incarnations throughout Lucifer's illusion.
Danton's and Robespierre's quarrels were turned into the 1983 film Danton directed by Andrzej Wajda and starring Gérard Depardieu as Danton. The film itself is loosely based on Stanisława Przybyszewska's 1929 play "Sprawa Dantona" ("The Danton Case").
Danton's and Robespierre's relations were also the subject of an opera by American composer John Eaton, Danton and Robespierre (1978).
Danton is extensively featured in La Révolution française (1989),[29] played by Klaus Maria Brandauer.
In his novel Locus Solus, Raymond Roussel tells a story in which Danton makes an arrangement with his executioner for his head to be smuggled into his friend's possession after his execution. The nerves and musculature of the head ultimately end up on display in the private collection of Martial Canterel, reanimated by special electrical currents and showing a deeply entrenched disposition toward oratory.
The relationship between Danton and his wife is a central reference in Francine Prose's novella Three Pigs in Five Days (1997)
The Revolution as experienced by Danton, Robespierre, and Desmoulins is the central focus of Hilary Mantel's novel A Place of Greater Safety (1993).
Danton and Camille Desmoulins are the main characters of Tanith Lee's The Gods Are Thirsty—A Novel of the French Revolution (1996).
Danton and Maximilien Robespierre are referred to in the book The Scarlet Pimpernel briefly. Danton and Robespierre both applaud a guard for his work in catching aristocrats.
In The Tangled Thread, Volume 10 of The Morland Dynasty, a series of historical novels by author Cynthia Harrod-Eagles, the character Henri-Marie Fitzjames Stuart, bastard offshoot of the fictional Morland family, allies himself with Danton in an attempt to protect his family as the storm clouds of revolution gather over France.
Rock band Sniff 'n' the Tears assert that Danton's cause fell to the French popular desire for empire in their song Looking For You.
Danton appears briefly in Rafael Sabatini's adventure novel Scaramouche: A tale of romance in the French Revolution
