By the late 1530s, Courtenay was an influential figure at court and was administering most of western England in his own name and that of King Henry VIII. He was also a political rival of Thomas Cromwell and the two men reportedly had little sympathy for each other.
Following the Reformation, Courtenay's second wife, Gertrude Blount, remained a Roman Catholic. She had supported Elizabeth Barton to her downfall and continued to maintain correspondence with the Catholic ex-Queen Catherine of Aragon to her death. Cromwell used these connections to point suspicion at Courtenay's loyalties.
Being a powerful landowner in the west country did not make him blind to the sufferings of his tenants. Many lay and clerical alike were turned out of their lands and homes by the Dissolution of the Monasteries and Courtenay came to hate Vicar-General Cromwell and his Protestantism, whose "measures ... became so obnoxious to him that he drifted into a treasonable conspiracy with the Pole family".[25] He joined the Catholic Poles in the Western Rebellion during 1538 and endeavoured to raise the men of Devon and Cornwall.[26] At St Keverne on the Lizard peninsula of Cornwall a painted banner was reportedly created which was taken around local villages and called for the population to revolt. The stated demand was that Henry VIII should name Courtenay as his heir apparent to the throne,[citation needed] thus disinheriting his own children.
Courtenay was found to be in correspondence with the self-exiled Cardinal Reginald Pole. Geoffrey Pole, younger brother of the Cardinal, came to London with the information that a Roman Catholic conspiracy was in the making. Both Poles were accused of heading this conspiracy and Cromwell convinced the king that Courtenay was a part of it. Perhaps anticipating the end, he wrote a will on 25 September 1538.[27]
In early November 1538, Courtenay with his wife and son Edward Courtenay were arrested and incarcerated in the Tower of London. On 3 December 1538 Courtenay was put on trial by his peers in Westminster Hall,[28] although there was little evidence for his involvement in the so-called Exeter conspiracy. He was found guilty because of his correspondence with Cardinal Pole in Rome. Courtenay was beheaded with a sword on Tower Hill on 9 December 1538,[29] or 9 January 1538/9,[30] together with the Cardinal and Geoffrey's eldest brother, Henry Pole, 1st Baron Montagu, and their cousin Edward Neville.[31] He was attainted and the Earldom of Devon became forfeit,[32] and his lands in Cornwall were annexed by the Duchy of Cornwall.
His wife and son were both attainted. His wife was released in 1540 and maintained a friendship with the king's eldest daughter Princess Mary Tudor for the rest of her life. Following Mary's accession as Queen, on her orders his son Edward Courtenay was released on 3 August 1553, and thereafter became a suitor for her marriage.
