In the background to the case against Norris were the negotiations which were being carried out with the French ambassador at Greenwich on 18 April 1536. It was clear to Thomas Cromwell that Anne Boleyn stood in the way of what he sought to achieve. With the King's approval he started to investigate and to secure evidence for charges of treason to be laid against Anne, Norris, and four other courtiers.[1]
Norris was accused of being solicited by Anne at Westminster on 6 October 1533, and of adultery on 12 October and again at Greenwich in November. The prosecution's choice of these dates appears now particularly improbable and therefore careless. At that time Anne was in Greenwich, not Westminster, and recovering from the birth of Elizabeth on 7 September. As well as specific charges, there was a catch-all charge of committing adultery at diverse times and places. Most historians think that all the charges were fabrications.[1][4]
A grand jury was assembled at Westminster Hall on 9 May and decided there was a case to answer for the offences that had occurred at Whitehall. John Baldwin, a chief justice, presided with six of his judicial colleagues. On 10 May, Baldwin with 3 assistants went to Deptford, where a Kent jury decided there was a case to answer on the events that had taken place at Greenwich.[12]
With the committals in hand, Cromwell proceeded to arrange the trial for the four who were not members of the higher nobility as Norris, Sir William Brereton, Sir Francis Weston were landed gentry. Meanwhile, Mark Smeaton was a commoner. The trial was held in Westminster Hall on 12 May. The jury was packed with people who had reason to be hostile to Anne Boleyn's cause or had a personal enmity with one of the accused, but also with Anne's own father Thomas Boleyn, her uncle, the Duke of Norfolk and the man she had wished to marry thirteen years before, Henry Percy, 6th Earl of Northumberland. Sir William Paulet, controller of the King's household, was one of the judges. All four pleaded not guilty to all the charges with the exception of Smeaton, who, as a commoner, was subjected to torture and pleaded guilty to one charge of adultery. The accused had to improvise their defences on the spot, with no help from any defence counsel, and no advance warning of the evidence. The hostile prosecutors duly secured a guilty verdict. All four were sentenced to be hanged, drawn and quartered. Because all were in service of the court, this sentence was commuted to the less terrifying one of beheading by the executioner's axe.[12]
The execution was carried out on 17 May on Tower Hill.[1] Unlike the other accused, who with carefully chosen words indicated their innocence, Norris did not risk reimposition of the harsher method of execution and so said little on the scaffold.[13] According to Sir Robert Naunton, Queen Elizabeth I always honoured his memory, believing that he died "in a noble cause and in the justification of her mother's innocence."[4][14]
