Stafford's quick rise did not go unnoticed among the established aristocracy. In 1468, the discontented Warwick named the Earl of Devon as a courtier with undue influence on King Edward.[8] Warwick and Devon were later reconciled, but the next year Warwick repeated his accusations once more.[9] In an act of rebellion by proxy, Warwick instigated an insurrection in Yorkshire led by a "Robin of Redesdale".[c] At the same time Warwick – together with George, Duke of Clarence, King Edward's brother – staged an invasion of the country from Warwick's stronghold of Calais. Devon, together with William Herbert, Earl of Pembroke, was ordered to gather troops to quell the rebellion.[4]
The royal army under Devon and Pembroke intercepted the northern rebels – on their way south to meet up with Warwick and Clarence – by Banbury in Oxfordshire.[4] It is not clear what happened after this. According to Warkworth, Devon and Pembroke quarrelled over billeting arrangements, and Devon took off with the majority of the archers. The next day, on 26 July 1469, Pembroke met the rebels at the Battle of Edgecote, but without artillery support he was thoroughly defeated. When Devon finally arrived, he was either unable to engage his troops, or too late to make a difference.[11] The French chronicler Jean de Waurin, however, gives a different account. According to Waurin, Devon left the field of battle once he heard news that Clarence was arriving with reinforcements.[12] In either case, Pembroke was captured and executed on Warwick's order.[13] Devon managed to escape, but was later captured by a mob at Bridgwater in Somerset, and executed on 17 August.[1]
Humphrey Stafford had been Earl of Devon for exactly three months at the time of his death. He and Isabel had no children, so when he died his title became extinct. It was restored the next year for John Courtenay, the brother of Thomas, the last Courtenay earl of Devon.[14] Stafford was buried in Glastonbury Abbey, and a dispute over his lands followed between his cousins.[3]
Stafford was considered over-ambitious and unscrupulous by many contemporaries. This can be seen both by Warkworth implicating him in the downfall of Henry Courtenay, and Warwick targeting him as one of King Edward's evil councillors. This thread has also been picked up by modern historians; Charles Ross calls him a "greedy and ambitious man".[15] At the same time, his skills as an administrator can hardly be doubted, as evidenced by King Edward's heavy reliance on him. He could also show a more human and sympathetic side. Michael Hicks describes his activity, from 1467 onwards, in adding codicils to his will "to right the wrongs that he was conscious of committing" – the last of these he added as he faced his own execution.[3]
