He took no part in the political disputes between king and parliament and preferred country pursuits and the care of his estates to court or public life. Nevertheless, when the English Civil War broke out in 1642, Lord Strange devoted himself to the king's cause.[3] With the death of his father on 29 September 1642 he succeeded to the earldom.
His plan of securing Lancashire at the beginning and raising troops there, which promised success, was however discouraged by Charles, who was said to be jealous of his power and royal lineage and who commanded his presence at Nottingham.[3]
His subsequent attempts to recover the county were unsuccessful. He was unable to get possession of Manchester, was defeated at Chowbent and Lowton Moor, and in 1643 after gaining Preston failed to take Bolton and Lancaster Castle. Finally, after successfully beating off Sir William Brereton's attack on Warrington, he was defeated at Whalley and withdrew to York, Warrington in consequence surrendering to the enemy's forces.[3]
In June 1643 he left for the Isle of Man to attend to affairs there. In the summer of 1644 he took part in Prince Rupert's successful campaign in the north. The besieged Lathom House was relieved (the defence of which had been led by his wife Charlotte de la Tremoille, Lady Derby),[3] and the town of Bolton was taken with much bloodshed,[4] in what became known as the Bolton Massacre.
He followed Rupert to the Battle of Marston Moor, and after the complete defeat of Charles's cause in the north withdrew to the Isle of Man, where he held out for the king and offered an asylum to royalist fugitives. His administration of the island imitated that of Strafford in Ireland. It was strong rather than just. He maintained order, encouraged trade, remedied some abuses, and defended the people from the exactions of the church; but he crushed opposition by imprisoning his antagonists, and aroused a prolonged agitation by abolishing the tenant-right and introducing leaseholds.[3]
In July 1649 (after the trial and execution of Charles I in January of that year) he scornfully refused terms offered to him by Henry Ireton. On 12 January 1650 he obtained the Garter. He was chosen by Charles II to command the troops of Lancashire and Cheshire, and on 15 August 1651 he landed at Wyre Water in Lancashire in support of Charles II's invasion, and met the King on 17 August. Proceeding to Warrington he failed to obtain the support of the Presbyterians through his refusal to take the Covenant, and on 25 August was totally defeated at the Battle of Wigan Lane, being severely wounded and escaping with difficulty.[3]
He joined Charles II at Worcester; after the battle on 3 September he accompanied him to Boscobel House, and while on his way north alone was captured near Nantwich. He was tried by court-martial at Chester on 29 September, found guilty of treason under the terms of the act of parliament passed in the preceding month (which declared those who corresponded with Charles II guilty of treason), and he was condemned to death. His appeal to Parliament for pardon, though supported by Oliver Cromwell, was rejected, and he endeavoured to escape, but was recaptured by Captain Hector Schofield. He was taken to Bolton for his execution, because of his part in the Bolton Massacre.[3][4] The execution took place on 15 October 1651 at the market cross in Churchgate, Bolton, nearby the Man and Scythe Inn (owned at the time by the Earl of Derby's family). The market cross bears a plaque commemorating the execution. In the inn is a chair inscribed "15th October 1651 In this chair James 7th Earl of Derby sat at the Man and Scythe Inn, Churchgate, Bolton immediately prior to his execution".[4] He was buried in Ormskirk church.[3]
