Ball is also mentioned at John Gower's Vox Clamantis line 793. Morley translates this as:
Ball was the preacher, the prophet and teacher, inspired by a spirit of hell,
And every fool advanced in his school, to be taught as the devil thought well.[7]:44
Ball appears as a character in the anonymous play The Life and Death of Jack Straw, published in London in 1593, which deals with the events of the Peasants' Revolt.
William Morris wrote a short story called "Two extracts from a dream of John Ball", which was serialised in the Commonweal between November 1886 and February 1887. It was published in book form in 1888.
English songwriter Sydney Carter wrote an eponymously titled song about Ball that has been recorded by a number of artists.[8] 'Sing John Ball' is regularly performed in the UK by folk musicians including The Young' Uns, The Melrose Quartet, and in 2015 the group Sweet Liberties performed the song in the Houses of Parliament.[9]
There is a steep hill on the A5199 in Leicestershire, between Shearsby and Husbands Bosworth, that is colloquially called "John Ball Hill".
A tower chapel at the parish church of Thaxted in Essex was dedicated to John Ball under the Anglo-Catholic socialist vicar, Conrad Noel (1910–1942).
The Bedfordshire on Sunday, a free local newspaper based in Bedford, runs a weekly column by a fictional journalist called "John Ball's Diary", which features behind-the-scenes life in the office of the newspaper. The column is written by all the members of the editorial staff.[10]
John Ball appears in the 1954 historical novel Katherine by Anya Seton.
Ball made a star appearance in the Newbery Medal-winning 2002 novel Crispin: The Cross of Lead. He was a priest, as he usually is, and was assisting a character by the name of Bear in the Peasants' Revolt of 1381.
John Ball is referenced several times in T. H. White's The Once and Future King, most prominently in the fourth book, The Candle in the Wind. In the final chapter (14), King Arthur muses on his failure to unite England. King Arthur tries to understand what forces are at work that make mankind fight wars and references the "communism" of John Ball as a precursor to Mordred's Thrashers.[11]
John Ball's line, "When Adam delved and Eve span, Who was then the gentleman?" serves as the epigraph to Zadie Smith's 2012 novel NW, which follows characters who grew up on a council estate in northwest London.
