Numerous places are named after Metacomet:
Metacomet Mill in Fall River, Massachusetts, built in 1847 and named for the chief, is the oldest remaining textile mill in the city.
King Philip Stockade, a large park named after the chief, where the Pocumtuc Indians planned and began the Sack of Springfield, is now a part of Forest Park in Springfield
King Philip Mills in Fall River, Massachusetts, built 1871.
The USS Metacomet, an 1863 United States Navy ship.
The Metacomet Ridge, a 100-mile long mountain range in southern New England.
The 51-mile Metacomet Trail in central Connecticut.
The 110-mile Metacomet-Monadnock Trail in the Connecticut River Valley of Massachusetts and southern New Hampshire.
Metacomet Country Club, a golf course.
King Philip Regional High School, serving Plainville, Wrentham, and Norfolk, Massachusetts.
King Philip Regional Middle School in Norfolk, Massachusetts, which serves as the middle school for the above three towns.
King Philip's Rock, a historical site situated on a trail in Sharon, Massachusetts.
Metacom Avenue, a major road running through Bristol and Warren, Rhode Island.
Mettacomet Path in Harvard, Massachusetts.
Metacomet Avenue, Ocean Grove Massachusetts, and in South Deerfield, Massachusetts
Metacomet Street in Walpole, Massachusetts and Belchertown, Massachusetts.
Metacomet Road in Longmeadow, Massachusetts.
Metacomet Lane in Franklin, Massachusetts.
King Philip Mountain, a peak on Talcott Mountain, near Hartford, Connecticut
King Phillip's Cave in Norton, Massachusetts, a cave said to have been used by the chief as a hiding place towards the end of his reign.[5]
King Philip's Hill, on the western bank of the Connecticut River in Northfield, Massachusetts.
King Phillip's Nose, a rock island in the Connecticut River, south of Northfield, Massachusetts.
Phillips Pond and Phillipswood Road in Sandown, New Hampshire.
Metacomet Park in Medfield, Massachusetts.
King Philip, the clipper ship built in 1856, is periodically seen at Ocean Beach in San Francisco, California.
King Philip Middle School in West Hartford, Connecticut.
Multiple Metacomet street names surrounding the Metacomet Trail in Connecticut.
Lake Metacomet, a point of interest in Belchertown, Massachusetts
King Philip's Restaurant in Phillipston, Massachusetts, a pub, eatery, and ice cream shop known for class reunions.
Metacomet conservation land in Easton, Massachusetts
Metacomet Pond aka Comet Pond in Hubbardston, Massachusetts
King Philip Avenue/Road/Street or Drive in Bristol, RI; Fall River, Longmeadow, Raynham, Somerset; Worcester, Massachusetts; South Deerfield, Massachusetts; West Hartford, CT
Metacomet Drive (improperly designated by the USPS as Metacomet Street) in San Antonio, Texas [6]
One species is named after Metacomet:
Tipula metacomet, a species of large crane fly with a type locality in Amherst, Massachusetts.
Kings Pond (Raynham,MA)
