In late 1538, Cromwell moved against his former allies. Carew was already out of favour at court, having responded angrily to an insult made by the King. Chapuys thought that his championing of the Princess Mary had been the real cause of his downfall.[14] When Cromwell presented apparently-treasonous letters written by him, Henry was persuaded that Carew had been involved in the Exeter Conspiracy, a plot to depose him and place Cardinal Reginald Pole on the throne in his stead. Sir Nicholas was arrested and stood trial on 14 February 1539 and he was found guilty of high treason.
"... charges that Sir Nic. Carewe of Bedyngton alias of Westminster, knowing the said Marquis to be a traitor, did, 20 Aug, 1537, at Westhorseley, Surr., and at other times, falsely abet the said Marquis, and, 24 Aug 1537, and at other times, had conversations with him about the change of the world, and also with his own hand wrote him divers letters, at Bedyngton, 4 Sept 1537 and at other times, and the said Marquis at that or other times sent divers traitorous letters to the said Carewe from Westhorseley which the said Carewe traitorously received, which letters they afterwards, to conceal their treason, traitorously burnt at Westhorseley and Bedyngton, 1 Sept, 1539 and at other times; and afterwards, knowing that the said Marquis was indicted as aforesaid, 29 Nov, 1539 the said Carewe at Bedyngton traitorously said these words in English, "I marvel greatly that the indictment against the lord Marquis was so secretly handled and for what purpose, for the like was never seen".[15]
He was beheaded on 3 March 1539 at Tower Hill. According to a letter by John Butler the last words of Carew as he was led to execution, amounted to exhorting all to study the evangelical books, as he had fallen by hatred to the Gospel.[16]
His manor of Beddington was granted after his execution to Walter Gorges, and then after his death to Thomas Darcy, 1st Baron Darcy of Chiche following which, Carew's son, Sir Francis Carew, managed to attain a reversal of his father's attainder but did not receive his estates, and purchased the manor from Lord Darcy. Beddington Park, reduced in area, continued to be owned by the Carew family into the 20th century; two female heirs in the lineage chose to adopt for their sons the name and arms of Carew.[17]
His manor of Coulsdon was annexed to the honour (set of manors) of Hampton Court. Queen Mary in the first year of her reign granted the estate to Sir Nicholas Carew's only son, Sir Francis to be held in chief by the service of one-fortieth part of a knight's fee. In 1589 owing to the imminent default of male heirs, Elizabeth granted this manor to the nephew of Sir Francis Carew, Edward Darcy who was knighted in 1603.[18]
