Oliver Plunkett was beatified in 1920 and canonised in 1975, the first new Irish saint for almost seven hundred years,[1] and the first of the Irish martyrs to be beatified. For the canonisation, the customary second miracle was waived. He has since been followed by 17 other Irish martyrs who were beatified by Pope John Paul II in 1992. Among them were Archbishop Dermot O'Hurley, Margaret Ball, and the Wexford Martyrs.
As a spectacle alone, the rally and Mass for St Oliver Plunkett on London's Clapham Common was a remarkable triumph. As the Common was invaded for a celebration of the 300th anniversary of Plunkett's martyrdom, Cardinal Tomás Ó Fiaich, twenty enrobed bishops and a number of abbots stood on a stage beneath a scaffolding shelter on 1 July 1981. Ó Fiaich had flown there in a helicopter with Plunkett’s body. This occasion attracted thousands of pilgrims to the park. In 1997 Plunkett was made a patron saint for peace and reconciliation in Ireland, adopted by the prayer group campaigning for peace in Ireland, "St. Oliver Plunkett for Peace and Reconciliation".
Religious and church sites:
St. Oliver Plunkett Church, Lenadoon, West Belfast, County Antrim
St. Peter's Roman Catholic Church, Drogheda, County Louth
Church of St. Oliver Plunkett, Blackrock, County Louth
St. Oliver Plunkett's Church, Kilcloon, County Meath
St. Oliver Plunkett Church, Renmore, County Galway
Shrine at Loughcrew, County Meath
Downside Abbey, Somerset
St. Oliver Plunkett Catholic Church, Snellville, Georgia
St. Oliver Plunkett Parish (Consolidated), Fredericktown, Pennsylvania
St. Oliver's Cemetery, Cork City, County Cork
St. Oliver Plunkett's Parish, Cannon Hill, Queensland Australia
St. Oliver Plunkett's Parish, Harris Park, New South Wales, Australia
St. Oliver Plunkett's Parish, Pascoe Vale, Victoria, Australia
Schools:
St. Oliver Plunkett's Post Primary School, Oldcastle, County Meath
St. Oliver Plunkett's National School, Balrothery, County Dublin
St. Oliver Plunkett Primary School, Beragh, County Tyrone
St. Oliver Plunket National School, Blackrock, County Louth
St. Oliver Plunkett School, Belfast, County Antrim
St. Oliver Plunkett's Primary School, Forkhill, County Armagh
St. Oliver Plunkett's Primary School, Kilmore, County Armagh
St. Oliver Plunkett School, Malahide, County Dublin
Blessed Oliver Plunkett Boys' National School, Moate, County Westmeath
St. Oliver Plunkett National School, Navan, County Meath
St. Oliver Plunkett's Primary School, Newtownhamilton, County Armagh
Downside School, Somerset
Oliver Plunkett's Primary School, Strathfoyle, County Londonderry
Mayfield College, Sussex
St. Oliver's Primary School, Harris Park, New South Wales, Australia
St. Oliver Plunkett Primary School, Cannon Hill, Queensland, Australia
St. Oliver Plunkett Primary School, Pascoe Vale, Victoria, Australia
Sports:
St. Oliver Plunkett Park, Crossmaglen, County Armagh
St. Oliver Plunkett Park, Emyvale, Co. Monaghan
Oliver Plunketts GAA, Ahiohill, County Cork
St Oliver Plunketts/Eoghan Ruadh GAA, Dublin, County Dublin
Greenlough GAC, Clady, County Londonderry
Oliver Plunkett Cup of the Cavan Senior Football Championship
St Oliver Plunkett FC, Lenadoon, West Belfast, County Antrim
Other:
Oliver Plunkett Street, Cork City, County Cork
St. Oliver Plunkett Road, Letterkenny, County Donegal
St. Oliver Plunkett's Bridge, County Offaly
Oliver Plunkett Street, Mullingar, County Westmeath
An Aer Lingus plane is named for him
In the Public Enemy song "Black Steel in the Hour of Chaos" from the album It Takes a Nation of Millions to Hold Us Back, the line from Chuck D "Just like with Oliver's neck I had to get off" can be heard.
In Harold Pinter's The Birthday Party, McCann asks Stanley "What about the blessed Oliver Plunkett?"
In J. P. Donleavy's The Ginger Man, Sebastian Dangerfield repeatedly calls on the name of "the Blessed Oliver" and, towards the end of the book, receives a wooden carving of the saint's head.
In David Caffrey's 2001 film On the Nose, Nana, played by Francis Burke refers to an aborigine's head in a large specimen jar as "Oliver Plunkett".
In Colin Bateman's 2004 novel, Bring Me the Head of Oliver Plunkett, the head of Oliver Plunkett is stolen from St. Peter's Church.
In 2011's musical comedy short film The Holy Ghost of Oliver by Les Doherty and Craig C. Kavanagh, the head of Oliver Plunkett is stolen also.
