Marie Gouze was born into a petit bourgeois family in 1748 in Montauban, Quercy (in the present-day department of Tarn-et-Garonne), in southwestern France. She believed that she was the illegitimate daughter of Jean-Jacques Lefranc, Marquis de Pompignan, and his rejection of her claims upon him may have influenced her passionate defense of the rights of illegitimate children.[1]
In 1765 she married Louis Aubry, a caterer, who came from Paris with the new Intendant of the town. This was not a marriage of love. Gouze said in a semi-autobiographical novel (Mémoire de Madame de Valmont contre la famille de Flaucourt), "I was married to a man I did not love and who was neither rich nor well-born. I was sacrificed for no reason that could make up for the repugnance I felt for this man."[2] Her husband died a year later, and in 1770 she moved to Paris with her son, Pierre, and took the name Olympe de Gouges.[1]
In 1773, according to her biographer Olivier Blanc, she met a wealthy man, Jacques Biétrix de Rozières, with whom she had a long relationship that ended during the revolution. She was received in the artistic and philosophical salons, where she met many writers, including La Harpe, Mercier, and Chamfort, as well as future politicians such as Brissot and Condorcet. She usually was invited to the salons of Madame de Montesson and the Comtesse de Beauharnais, who also were playwrights. She also was associated with Masonic Lodges, among them the Loge des Neuf Sœurs that was created by her friend Michel de Cubières.
In 1784, the year that her putative biological father died, she began her career as a public intellectual, and over the remaining nine years of her life she wrote some forty works–essays, manifestos, literary treatises, political pamphlets, and socially conscious plays.
In 1784, she wrote the anti-slavery play Zamore and Mirza. For several reasons, the play was not performed until 1789. Gouges published it, however, as Zamore et Mirza, ou l'heureux naufrage ("Zamore and Mirza, or the happy shipwreck") in 1788. It was performed as L'Esclavage des nègres ("Slavery of the negroes") in December 1789, but shut down after three performances. Subsequently, it was published in 1792 under the title L'Esclavage des noirs.[3]
She also wrote on such gender-related topics as the right of divorce, and argued in favor of sexual relations outside of marriage.[citation needed]
As an epilogue to the 1788 version of her play Zamore et Mirza, she published Réflexions sur les hommes nègres ("Reflections on the negroes"). In 1790 she wrote a play, Le Marché des Noirs ("The Black Market"), which was rejected by the Comédie Française; the text was burned after her death. In 1808 the Abbé Grégoire included her on his list of the courageous people who pleaded the cause of "les nègres."
A passionate advocate of human rights, Olympe de Gouges greeted the outbreak of the Revolution with hope and joy, but soon became disenchanted when égalité (equal rights) was not extended to women.
In 1791, she became part of the Society of the Friends of Truth, also called the "Social Club," an association with the goal of equal political and legal rights for women. Members sometimes gathered at the home of the well-known women's rights advocate, Sophie de Condorcet. Here Gouges expressed, for the first time, her famous statement, "A woman has the right to mount the scaffold. She must possess equally the right to mount the speaker's platform." {The Declaration of the Rights of Women}
That same year, in response to the Declaration of the Rights of Man and of the Citizen, she wrote the Déclaration des droits de la Femme et de la Citoyenne ("Declaration of the Rights of Woman and the Female Citizen"). This was followed by her Contrat Social ("Social Contract," named after a famous work of Jean-Jacques Rousseau), proposing marriage based upon gender equality.[4]
She became involved in almost any matter she believed to involve injustice. She opposed the execution of Louis XVI of France, partly out of opposition to capital punishment and partly because she preferred a relatively tame and living king to the possibility of a rebel regency in exile. This earned her the ire of many hard-line republicans, even into the next generation—such as the 19th-century historian Jules Michelet, a fierce apologist for the Revolution, who wrote, "She allowed herself to act and write about more than one affair that her weak head did not understand."[5] Michelet opposed any political participation by women and thus disliked Gouges.[6] In December 1792, when Louis XVI was about to be put on trial, she wrote to the National Assembly offering to defend him, causing outrage among many deputies. In her letter she argued that he had been duped–that he was guilty as a king, but innocent as a man, and that he should be exiled rather than executed. The deputies ignored her offer.[7]
Olympe de Gouges advocated for women's rights, which at the time seemed radical and hence perfect for the Revolution. Although her beliefs fit in with the Revolution, not all of the Revolution's theories fit in with her ideology. For instance, Olympe de Gouges opposed the extermination of the monarchical government. The Revolution wanted to oust the monarchy, while Gouges favored keeping it in place. Gouges revered both King Louis XVI and his wife, Queen Marie Antoinette. Her political views were detailed in her pamphlets. Her earliest political pamphlet, Letters to the People (1788), describes Louis as an all-powerful king and "like a father whose affairs have become distressed; for his children, it is a simple matter of honour and love as well as respect to fly willingly to the aid of this unfortunate father."[8] While King Louis XVI is a misunderstood father, Marie Antoinette is a noble woman. Gouges goes on to predict that the Queen would renounce her lavish lifestyle for the public welfare during the financial crisis. She wants to keep the monarchy, despite the fact that the Revolution's main goal was to overthrow the king and install a new form of government—a republic. Gouges repeatedly defended the King and Queen during the October days; when they tried to escape Paris but were stopped in Varennes-en-Argonne; and during the Diamond Necklace scandal, for which many historians have acquitted Marie, though at the time she was regarded as guilty. Many women and men living in Paris viewed Marie Antoinette as the cause of their woes. Yet Gouges defended her and dedicated the preface of the Declaration of Rights of Women to Marie. The preface is titled "To the Queen." In it, Gouges claims that since the inception of the Revolution she had taken up the queen's defense. Gouges implores the queen to endorse her cause for women's rights and signs off as her "very humble and very obedient servant."[8]
As the Revolution progressed, she became more and more vehement in her writings. On 2 June 1793, the Jacobins arrested her allies, the Girondins, imprisoned them, and sent them to the guillotine in October. Finally, her poster Les trois urnes, ou le salut de la Patrie, par un voyageur aérien ("The Three Urns, or the Salvation of the Fatherland, by an Aerial Traveller") of 1793, led to her arrest. That piece demanded a plebiscite for a choice among three potential forms of government: the first, unitary republic, the second, a federalist government, or the third, a constitutional monarchy.
After she was arrested, the commissioners searched her house for evidence. When they could not find any in her home, she voluntarily led them to the storehouse where she kept her papers. It was there that the commissioners found an unfinished play titled La France Sauvée ou le Tyran Détroné ("France Preserved, or The Tyrant Dethroned"). In the first act (only the first act and a half remain), Marie-Antoinette is planning defence strategies to retain the crumbling monarchy and is confronted by revolutionary forces, including Gouges herself. The first act ends with Gouges reproving the queen for having seditious intentions and lecturing her about how she should lead her people. Both Gouges and her prosecutor used this play as evidence in her trial. The prosecutor claimed that Olympe's depictions of the queen threatened to stir up sympathy and support for the Royalists, whereas Gouges stated that the play showed that she had always been a supporter of the Revolution.[9]
She spent three months in jail without an attorney, trying to defend herself. The presiding judge denied Gouges her legal right to a lawyer on the grounds that she was more than capable of representing herself. It seems as though the judge based this argument on Gouges's tendency to represent herself in her writings.[9] Through her friends, she managed to publish two texts: Olympe de Gouges au tribunal révolutionnaire ("Olympe de Gouges at the Revolutionary tribunal"), in which she related her interrogations; and her last work, Une patriote persécutée ("A [female] patriot persecuted"), in which she condemned the Terror. The Jacobins sentenced her to death on 3 November 1793, and she was executed the following day for seditious behavior and attempting to reinstate the monarchy.[9] Olympe was executed only a month after Condorcet had been proscribed, and just three days after the Girondin leaders had been guillotined. Her body was disposed of in the Madeleine Cemetery.
Olympe's last moments were depicted by an anonymous Parisian who kept a chronicle of events:
