An ancient pedigree chart of the English royal family dated c.1500 states Owen Tudor and Queen Katherine had three sons, Edmund, Jasper, and Edward: “Owyn tedder marrydd wt queen Kateryn yt was wyffe un to kyng henry ye vth & had by har Edmunde yerle of rychemond Jaspar & Edward the sayd Edmund maryed wt Margarete yt was dawter & eyer un to John duke of Somersett.” [see Cheetham, Life & Times of Richard III (1992): frontispiece]. The 15th cent. Chron. of London sounds a similar note. It states that “... Oweyn [Tudor] hadde prevyly wedded the quene Katerine, and hadde iij or iiijor children be here.” [see Nicolas & Tyrrell, Chron. of, London from 1089 to 1483 (1823): 123].
Edmund (1430–1 November 1456) was born at either Much Hadham Palace in Hertfordshire or at Hadham in Bedfordshire. Edmund became the 1st Earl of Richmond in 1452 and later married Margaret Beaufort. In 1456 he died of plague in Carmarthen, just three months before the birth of the couple's son at Pembroke Castle. That son, Henry, later became king of England and founded the Tudor dynasty.[7]
Jasper (1431–26 December 1495) was born at Hatfield. He became the 1st Earl of Pembroke in 1452 but was branded as a traitor in 1461. However he became the 1st Duke of Bedford in 1485. He was the second husband of Catherine Woodville, widow of the Duke of Buckingham and sister of Elizabeth Woodville, wife of Edward IV. They had no issue. Jasper had one illegitimate daughter named Ellen Tudor. Ellen married (1st) William Gardiner, of London, skinner [died testate 1485], by whom she had five children, Thomas [King's chaplain, Prior of Blyth, Nottinghamshire, Prior of Tynemouth, Northumberland), Philippe, Margaret, Beatrice, and Anne. Ellen married (2nd) before 1493 William Sibson (or Sybson), of London, skinner. In the period, 1501–2, Peter Watson, of London, draper, and William Sybson, husband of Ellen, late the wife of William Gardiner, sued the mayor, aldermen, and sheriffs of London in Chancery on behalf of the children of William Gardiner, to recover the portion of William’s son, Thomas Gardiner, who had entered Westminster Abbey.
Edward Tudor. Very little is known of this child’s life. The Tudor historian Polydore Vergil stated this child, whom he did not name, became “a monke of the order of St. Benet, and lived not longe after.” [see Ellis, Three Books of Polydore Vergil’s English Hist. (Camden Soc. 29) (1844): 62 (sub Historie of England)]. The historian William Camden referred to this child as Edward Tudor, and indicated that he lies buried in the chapel of St. Blaise in Westminster Abbey near the tomb of Abbot Nicholas Litlington [see Camden, Reges, Reginæ, Nobiles (1603)]. Even so, he is called Owen Tudor in most published sources, the reasons for which are not clear. The modern historian Pearce has shown, however, that no monk named either Edward or Owen Tudor existed at Westminster Abbey in this time period. An alternative theory advanced by Pearce is that Edward Tudor is the same person as Edward Bridgewater, a known monk at Westminster Abbey, who died c.1471. This theory appears to be groundless.
Polydore Virgil says Owen and Queen Katherine also had a daughter who became a nun, though no other source corroborates this.
Owen Tudor had at least one illegitimate child, by an unknown mistress:
Sir David Owen was born in 1459 at Pembroke Castle. The son married an heiress and settled in Sussex. He is buried in the priory church of Easebourne, near Midhurst.[8]
