Richard was born about 20 July 1375[1] at Conisbrough Castle, Yorkshire, the second son of Edmund of Langley, 1st Duke of York, and his first wife, Isabella of Castille. On his father's side, he was the grandson of King Edward III and Philippa of Hainault, and on his mother's side, the grandson of Peter the Cruel, King of Castile and Leon, and his favourite mistress, María de Padilla (d.1361). His godfather was King Richard II.[2] Richard was two years younger than his brother, Edward. There is no record of his birth or baptism and others put his birth in 1385. Richard II was in York on 20 July 1385, and in 1375 the future king was only eight years old; it was unlikely he would have been a godfather at that age, and with his father still alive. [3]
Strangely, Richard received no lands from his father and was mentioned neither in his father's will nor his brother's will. This circumstance has been taken by G.L. Harriss as an indication that Richard's father and brother did not recognize him as a full blood relative, and that he may have been the child of an illicit liaison between his mother and John Holland, 1st Duke of Exeter.[4]
Although Edmund of Langley made no provision for Richard in his will of 25 November 1400, his mother Isabella named King Richard II as her heir before her death on 23 December 1392 and requested him to grant her younger son an annuity of 500 marks. The king complied. On 3 February 1393, he provided his godson with an annuity of £100 from the revenues in Yorkshire that Isabella had formerly received, and on 16 March 1393, he provided him with a further annuity of 350 marks (£233 6s 8d) from the Exchequer. According to T. B. Pugh, further largess from the king might have been expected when Richard came of age, however Richard II was deposed in 1399. According to G. L. Harriss, Richard of York 'received no favours from the new King, Henry IV'. After Henry IV's accession, Richard's annuities, his sole source of income, were either paid irregularly, or not paid at all.[5]
From April 1403 to October 1404, Richard commanded a small force defending Herefordshire against the Welsh rebel leader Owain Glyndŵr, but otherwise performed no notable military service. However, it was during this period, according to T. B. Pugh, that Richard established the relationships with the Mortimer and Cherleton families that brought about his marriage to Anne de Mortimer.[6] Richard's only other significant appointment during this period came in August 1406 when, together with the Bishop of Bath, Lord Fitz Hugh, and Lord Scrope, he was chosen to escort King Henry's daughter Philippa to Denmark for her marriage to King Eric. Richard was knighted in July of that year, perhaps in anticipation of this embassy.[7] Pugh notes that during this three-month embassy to Denmark, Richard would have become well acquainted with Lord Scrope, who married Richard's stepmother Joan Holland in September 1411, and with whom Richard later became involved in the Southampton Plot of 1415 that cost them both their lives.[8]
