Saverio Mercadante's 1833 opera Il Conte d'Essex with libretto by Felice Romani
Gaetano Donizetti's 1837 opera Roberto Devereux with libretto by Salvadore Cammarano based mainly on François Ancelot's Elisabeth d'Angleterre.
Benjamin Britten's 1953 opera Gloriana is based on Lytton Strachey's Elizabeth and Essex.
In the 1956 essay Hamlet oder Hekuba: der Einbruch der Zeit in das Spiel (Hamlet or Hecuba: the Irruption of Time into the Play), the German legal theorist Carl Schmitt suggests that elements of the Earl's biography, in particular his final days and last words, were incorporated into William Shakespeare's Hamlet at both the level of dialogue and the level of characterisation. Schmitt's overall argument investigates the relationship between history and narrative generally.
Essex is briefly alluded to in Shakespeare's Henry V at 5.0.22–34.[20]
Essex is said by editor David L. Stevenson to be alluded to in Much Ado About Nothing at 3.1.10–11.
Gautier Coste de La Calprenède, Le Comte d'Essex (1639).
Thomas Corneille, Le Comte d'Essex (1678).
Claude Boyer, Le Comte d'Essex, tragedie. Par Monsieur Boyer de l'Academie françoise (1678).
John Banks, The Unhappy Favourite; Or the Earl of Essex, a Tragedy (1682).
The night of Essex's execution is dramatised in the Timothy Findley play Elizabeth Rex.
The 1939 film The Private Lives of Elizabeth and Essex dramatised the Queen's relationship with Devereux, starring Bette Davis and Errol Flynn; it is based on Maxwell Anderson's 1930 play Elizabeth the Queen and Lytton Strachey's romantic account Elizabeth and Essex.
Their relationship also provided material during the silent-era, as in 1912 in Les Amours de la reine Élisabeth.
Essex was played by Sam Reid in the 2011 film Anonymous, a fictional biopic that posits that Edward de Vere, the 17th Earl of Oxford, was the true author of William Shakespeare's plays.
Charlton Heston portrayed the Earl of Essex opposite Judith Anderson's Elizabeth I in a 1968 television adaption of Maxwell Anderson's Elizabeth The Queen, for the Hallmark Hall of Fame series.
The Earl of Essex was portrayed by Robin Ellis in the fifth and sixth episodes of the BBC series Elizabeth R starring Glenda Jackson as Elizabeth I in 1971.
The Queen's relationship with Essex (played by Hugh Dancy) and his stepfather Leicester (played by Jeremy Irons) was also covered by a 2005 Channel 4/HBO co-production Elizabeth I, starring Helen Mirren.
In the 2005 The Virgin Queen, Hans Matheson played the ill-fated Earl of Essex.
