Cromwell has been portrayed in a number of plays, feature films, and television miniseries, usually as a villainous character. More recently, however, Hilary Mantel's two Man Booker Prize-winning novels Wolf Hall (2009) and Bring up the Bodies (2012) have sought to show him in a more sympathetic light, stressing his family affections, genuine respect for Cardinal Wolsey, zeal for the Reformation, and support for a limited degree of social reform.
Cromwell is a supporting character in William Shakespeare and John Fletcher's 1613 play Henry VIII.
He is the subject of Thomas Lord Cromwell, a 1602 play. It is attributed on the title pages of the 1603 and 1613 editions to 'W.S.', and is classed as part of Shakespearean apocrypha.
In the original stage production of Maxwell Anderson's Anne of the Thousand Days, which deals with the marriage of Henry VIII and Anne Boleyn, Cromwell was portrayed by Wendell K. Phillips. He is depicted here as totally ruthless and unscrupulous.
Cromwell is the main antagonist in Robert Bolt's play A Man for All Seasons, in which he is portrayed as ruthlessly ambitious and jealous of Sir Thomas More's influence with the King. Cromwell was played by Andrew Keir when the play opened in London, and by Leo McKern on Broadway.
Cromwell was portrayed by John Dougall in Shakespeare's Globe's production of Anne Boleyn in 2010 and Julius D'Silva in 2011.
Cromwell was portrayed in Henry VIII The Musical, a youth production that premièred in London in 2012.[78]
In 2014 the Royal Shakespeare Company staged an adaptation by Mike Poulton of Dame Hilary Mantel's first two Cromwell novels. The role of Cromwell was played by Ben Miles, who repeated his portrayal of Cromwell when the production of Wolf Hall parts I and II moved to Broadway in March 2015 [79] where he earned a Tony Award nomination for his work.[80]
Thomas Cromwell is portrayed in the series of novels by Anne Stevens, as a benevolent tyrant. The series 'Tudor Crimes' covers the years from 1529 to 1542 in great depth, and provides us with a dichotomy of a man, humane to the poor, yet ruthless to the nobility. Winter King is the first book in this series.
Cromwell is the subject of Hilary Mantel's novels Wolf Hall (2009) and Bring Up the Bodies (2012), which explore his humanity and to some extent rebut the unflattering portrait in A Man for All Seasons. Wolf Hall won the 2009 and Bring Up the Bodies the 2012 Man Booker Prize.
Cromwell is a leading character in the first two Matthew Shardlake historical crime fiction novels by C. J. Sansom, Dissolution and Dark Fire.
He is given minor roles in two of Philippa Gregory's novels, The Other Boleyn Girl (2001) and The Boleyn Inheritance.
He is one of the major characters in H. F. M. Prescott's novel The Man on a Donkey, which depicts a power struggle between Cromwell and Lord Darcy, who represents the old nobility.
He is a major character in The Fifth Queen by Ford Madox Ford.
Franklin Dyall portrayed Cromwell in The Private Life of Henry VIII (1933).
In the film A Man for All Seasons, Cromwell was played by Leo McKern, who also played the role on stage on Broadway.[81]
Cromwell has also been portrayed by John Colicos in the film Anne of the Thousand Days (1969), by Kenneth Williams in the classic British comedy Carry On Henry (1971), by Donald Pleasence in Henry VIII and His Six Wives (1972), and by Iain Mitchell in The Other Boleyn Girl (2008).
Cromwell was played by Wolfe Morris in the BBC miniseries The Six Wives of Henry VIII (1970), and by Danny Webb in the Granada Television production Henry VIII (2003). In the television version of The Other Boleyn Girl (2003), he was played by veteran actor Ron Cook.
In the television series The Tudors (2007), Cromwell is played by English actor James Frain; he is portrayed as Machiavellian, cunning and devoted to the English Reformation at any cost, though he is not entirely unsympathetic. Frain played the character for three seasons; Cromwell's execution brought the third season to its conclusion.
In The Twisted Tale of Bloody Mary (2008), an independent film from TV Choice Productions, Cromwell is played by Burtie Welland.
Thomas Cromwell, played by Mark Rylance, is the central figure in the BBC's six-part series Wolf Hall, based on Hilary Mantel's novels Wolf Hall and Bring Up the Bodies, which was first broadcast on 21 January 2015.[82]
Anglicanism portal
