Müntzer’s theology has been the subject of many studies over the years. Modern researchers agree that Müntzer was deeply read and that it was his theology, and not any socio-political dogma, which drove him to stand up to feudal authority. The short paragraphs below attempt to give a very brief summary of his theology.
Influences and Study
Evident from Müntzer’s writings is his broad knowledge of aspects of the Christian religion. From 1514 onwards, possibly earlier, he read widely in the early Christian fathers (Tertullian and Cyprian), in the history of the early Church (Eusebius and Egesippus), in the mystics of the late medieval period (Suso and Tauler), in Humanist ideas which harked back to Plato, and in the Bible itself. By around 1522, after he had left Prague, most of his theology had matured and settled around some guiding principles, even if some details – such as the identity of ‘the Elect’ – were unclear.
The Spirit, not the Letter
Despite the profusion of Biblical quotations in Müntzer’s writings, it was his doctrine that true belief was dictated by spiritual experience, not by written testimony. The Bible was for him evidence only of spiritual experiences of the past: the words of the Bible still had to be validated by the working of the Spirit in the believer’s heart. ‘If someone had never had sight or sound of the Bible at any time in his life, he could still hold the one true Christian faith because of the true teaching of the spirit, just like all those who composed the holy Scripture without any books at all.’[30] The insistence on written, Biblical proof by the ‘academics’ or scholars (this included Luther) meant that it was impossible for the common man to gain a true understanding of the true faith. Müntzer’s true believers (also known as ‘the Elect’) were capable of reaching faith through personal suffering – guided by ‘true servants of God’, and without regard to Catholic or Lutheran-reformed priests.
Dreams and Revelations
Spiritual revelation came sometimes through dreams and visions and sometimes through suffering. In Zwickau, Müntzer’s belief in the possibilities of revelation by dream matched the same belief in the sect of radicals led by Nikolaus Storch – Storch was later to confound Luther’s colleague Melanchthon with plausible arguments about this. Müntzer himself clearly believed in the power of vision and dream – as evidenced by his lengthy and carefully argued Sermon Before the Princes, which discussed the dream of Nebuchadnezzar: "So to expect visions and to receive them while in tribulation and suffering, is in the true spirit of the apostles, the patriarchs, and the prophets. Hence it is no wonder that Brother Fatted Pig and Brother Soft Life (i.e. Luther) reject them. But when one has not yet heard the clear word of God in the soul, one has to have visions."[31]
Suffering and Pain
It was essential, in Müntzer’s view, for a person to experience real suffering and pain – either spiritual or physical – in order to come to a true Christian belief. The theme of hardship and suffering, purgation and sevenfold cleansing, runs through all of his writings. "What you must do is endure patiently, and learn how God himself will root out your weeds, thistles and thorns from the rich soil which is your heart. Otherwise nothing good will grow there, only the raging devil... Even if you have already devoured all the books of the Bible, you must still suffer the sharp edge of the plough-share".[32] On the very eve of battle at Frankenhausen, he had this to say to the people of Allstedt: "May the pure fear of God be with you, dear brothers. You must remain unperturbed. If you fail to do so, then your sacrifice is in vain, your heart-sad, heart-felt suffering. You would then have to start suffering all over again... If you are unwilling to suffer for the sake of God, then you will to be martyrs for the devil"[33]
Fear of God and Man
One of the principal dialectics in Müntzer’s teaching is the opposition of the ‘Fear of Man’ to the ‘Fear of God’. Regardless of one’s position in society, it was necessary for the true believer to have a Fear of God and to have no Fear of Man. This was the thrust of his Sermon Before the Princes and it was the rallying call in his final letter to Mühlhausen in May 1525: "May the pure, upright fear of God be with you my dear brothers."[34] In his Sermon Before the Princes he stated quite clearly: "The fear of God must be pure, unsullied by any fear of men or creaturely things. How desperately we need a fear like this! For just as it is impossible to fear two masters and be saved, so it is impossible to fear both God and created things and be saved."[35]
Apocalyptism
Interwoven with Müntzer’s mystical piety, as for many of his contemporaries, was a conviction that the whole cosmos stood at a tipping point. Now God would set right all the wrongs of the world, largely by destruction, but with the active assistance of true Christians. From this would emerge a new age of mankind. In the Prague Manifesto he wrote: "O ho, how ripe the rotten apples are! O ho, how rotten the elect have become! The time of the harvest has come! That is why he himself has hired me for his harvest."[36] In a stirring letter to the people of Erfurt, in May 1525, he wrote: "Help us in any way you can, with men and with cannon, so that we can carry out the commands of God himself in Ezekiel 14, where he says: ‘I will rescue you from those who lord it over you in a tyrannous way... Come, you birds of heaven and devour the flesh of the princes; and you wild beasts drink up the blood of all the bigwigs’. Daniel says the same thing in chapter 7: that power should be given to the common man’."[37]
‘Omnia sunt communia’
In his final confession under torture of May 1525, Müntzer stated that one of the primary aims of himself and his comrades was ‘omnia sunt communia’ – "all things are to be held in common and distribution should be to each according to his need".[38] This statement has often been cited as evidence of Müntzer’s ‘early communism’;[39] but it stands quite alone in all of his writings and letters. Thus, it is far more likely to have been a statement of what his captors feared than what Müntzer actually believed. Indeed, even at a very late stage, Müntzer still accepted some form of social hierarchy, based on functions bound up with the work of God, rather than inheritance.[citation needed]
Summary
The doctrines of essential suffering, of spiritual revelation, of denial of the fear of Man - all combined with the expectation of the Apocalypse to place the ‘Elect’ person in total opposition to feudal authority, and to both Catholic and Lutheran teaching. However, this was no individualistic path to salvation: the importance which Müntzer laid on communal activities – the reformed liturgies and the leagues he founded or supported in Zwickau, Allstedt and Mühlhausen – are central to his ministry. To judge from his writings of 1523 and 1524, it was by no means inevitable that Müntzer would take the road of social revolution. However, it was precisely on this same theological foundation that Müntzer’s ideas briefly coincided with the aspirations of the peasants and plebeians of 1525: viewing the uprising as an apocalyptic act of God, he stepped up as ‘God’s Servant against the Godless’ and took his position as leader of the rebels.[40]
Differences with Luther
Müntzer was one of many preachers and theologians caught up in the extraordinary atmosphere of the early Reformation. In this period, from around 1517 to 1525, Martin Luther had no monopoly of the reforms. This was the time not only of Luther, but also of Erasmus of Rotterdam and fellow-Humanists, of the alchemists Paracelsus and Cornelius Agrippa, of localised urban and rural acts of defiance. The social upheavals triggered the Reformation - or more precisely, 'the reformations', for it was above all a time of massive dissent, and indeed dissent from dissent; in turn, the reformation of thought triggered further social and political upheavals.[41]
In this roiling pot of ideas, we find that Müntzer quite readily respected Luther for a period and then just as readily rejected the Lutheran doctrines. Although it is clear in retrospect that Müntzer’s ideas were already diverging from Luther’s at least as early as the period in Zwickau, Müntzer himself may not have been aware of this. In July 1520, he was still able to sign off a letter to Luther as "Thomas Müntzer, whom you brought to birth by the gospel".[42] However, it is clear that Luther considered that Müntzer was moving ahead too fast, and correspondence (now missing) from Wittenberg seems to have contained explicit criticisms of his activities. By March 1522, Müntzer was writing to Melanchthon in Wittenberg, warning that "our most beloved Martin acts ignorantly because he does not want to offend the little ones... Dear brothers, leave your dallying, the time has come! Do not delay, summer is at the door. ... Do not flatter your princes, otherwise you will live to see your undoing."[43] An attempt at reconciliation with Luther, in a letter written by Müntzer from Allstedt in July 1523,[44] went without reply. In June 1524, however, Luther published his pamphlet A Letter to the Princes of Saxony concerning the Rebellious Spirit, which essentially called on Prince Friedrich and Duke Johann to deal firmly with the 'rebellious spirit of Allstedt', this 'bloodthirsty Satan'. Shortly afterwards, Müntzer described Luther as ‘Brother Fatted Pig and Brother Soft Life’ in his Sermon Before the Princes. After the summer of 1524, the tone of the written conflict became ever more bitter on both sides, culminating in Müntzer’s pamphlet A Highly-Provoked Vindication and a Refutation of the Unspiritual Soft-living Flesh in Wittenberg of 1524, and in Luther’s A Terrible History and Judgement of God on Thomas Müntzer of 1525, in which the radical preacher (by then dead) was described as ‘"a murderous and bloodthirsty prophet".
