Müntzer initially travelled over the border into Bohemia to the town of Zatec (Saaz) - this town was known as one of the five ‘safe citadels’ of the radical Taborites of Bohemia. But Müntzer only used this as a stop-over en route to Prague. It was in Prague that the Hussite Church was already firmly established and Müntzer thought to find a safe home where he could develop his increasingly un-Lutheran ideas. He arrived here in late June 1521, made welcome as a ‘Martinist’, a follower of Luther, and was allowed to preach and to give lectures. He also found the time to prepare a summary of his own beliefs, which appeared in a document known to posterity – slightly misleadingly - as the Prague Manifesto. This document exists in four forms – one in Czech, one in Latin, two in German; one of them is written on a large piece of paper, about 50 cm by 50 cm, much like a poster, but written on both sides. But it is evident that none of the four items was ever published in any shape or form.[13] The contents of this document indicate clearly just how far he had diverged from the road of the Wittenberg reformers, and how much he believed that the reform movement was something apocalyptic in nature. "I, Thomas Müntzer, beseech the church not to worship a mute God, but a living and speaking one; none of the gods is more contemptible to the nations than this living one to Christians who have no part of him."[14]
In November or December 1521, having discovered that Müntzer was not at all that they had supposed, the Prague authorities ran him out of town.
The next twelve months were spent wandering in Saxony: he turned up in Erfurt and in Nordhausen, in each of which he spent several weeks, applying for suitable posts but failing to be appointed. He also visited his home-town of in Stolberg to give sermons (Easter), and in November 1522 visited Weimar to attend a disputation. From December 1522 until March 1523, he found employment as chaplain at a nunnery at Glaucha just outside Halle. Here he found little opportunity to continue with his desire for change, despite the existence of a strong and militant local reform movement; his one attempt to break the rules, by delivering the communion ‘in both kinds’ (Utraquism) to a noblewoman named Felicitas von Selmenitz probably led directly to his dismissal.
