Living in a state rich in gold, Tiradentes used the knowledge he acquired about minerals to enter the public service (he achieved the rank of alferes, low in the hierarchy of the epoch), and he was sent to missions in cities along the road between Vila Rica (the capital of Minas Gerais) and Rio de Janeiro; this road was the "open vein" used to export most of the gold to Portugal.
Tiradentes soon noticed the exploitation to which Brazilians were subjected; he saw how much gold, and other valuable resources were being pillaged for export to Portugal.
His trips to Rio put him in contact with people who had lived in Europe and brought from there the liberal ideas (The English North American colonies had become independent in 1776, and the French Revolution would take place in 1789). In 1788, Tiradentes met José Alvares Maciel, son of the governor of Vila Rica, who had just returned from England; they could compare the British industrial progress with the Brazilian colonial poverty. They created a group of freedom aspirers, led by clerics and other Brazilians with some social presence, like Cláudio Manuel da Costa (staff of government and important writer), Tomás Antônio Gonzaga (staff of government) and Alvarenga Peixoto (eminent businessman); the group propagated their ideas among Brazilians.
At that time, Portugal was hungry for gold; however, the production of Brazilian mines was declining. The Brazilians were not meeting the yearly quota of gold that was requested by the crown, and there was pressure from Portugal to ensure all the due taxes were paid. The days of payment of taxes were called derrama.
Influenced by the writings of Rousseau, and by the American Revolution, Tiradentes joined with a number of like-minded citizens in the Inconfidência Mineira. They wanted a separate republic with its capital at São João del Rei and to set a university. The proposed flag for the new republic was white with a green triangle surrounded by the Latin motto "Libertas Quae Sera Tamen" ("Liberdade ainda que tardia", Portuguese for "Freedom, Even If It Be Late"). The flag later became the state flag of Minas Gerais, the only modification was the color of the triangle which was changed to red.
