A number of works in the post medieval period have featured Wat Tyler as the main protagonist. Tyler was the main protagonist of the play Wat Tyler and Jack Straw, or, The Mob Reformers (1730) first performed at the St. Bartholomew's Fair in 1730. Wat Tyler is represented in Robert Southey's Wat Tyler, A Dramatic Poem, which was written in 1794 but not published until 1813. The first novel to feature Wat Tyler is Mrs O'Neill's The Bondman: A Story of the Days of Wat Tyler (1833). He is the principal protagonist in Pierce Egan the Younger's novel Wat Tyler, or the Rebellion of 1381 (1841), a highly radical text published at the height of the second phase of the Chartist movement that argued for republican government in England.[12] Egan's novel was subsequently abridged and plagiarised and published as The Life and Adventures of Wat Tyler: The Good and the Brave (1851). Wat Tyler is the principal protagonist of the penny dreadful serial novel Wat Tyler; or, The King and the Apprentice which appeared in weekly parts in The Young Englishman's Journal in 1867, and appears as a main character in William Harrison Ainsworth's Merry England; or, Nobles and Serfs (1874). Wat Tyler is also mentioned in Redburn by Herman Melville[13] and in A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court by Mark Twain.[14] John Gower commented on him in Vox Clamantis::I:IX "The jay's voice is wild and he has only learnt the art of speaking from the classes with whom the Latin poet is identified." .[15] Wat Tyler is the principal character in the historical novel, Now is the Time (2015) by Melvyn Bragg. [16]
English folk singer-songwriter Frank Turner references Wat Tyler's negotiations at Smithfield in "Sons of Liberty" from the 2009 album Poetry of the Deed, and again mentions Tyler by name in "One Foot Before the Other" from 2011 album England Keep My Bones.
English folk-rock group Fairport Convention wrote a song in tribute called 'Wat Tyler' which appears on their album Gladys Leap.
In an episode of the comedy series Blackadder II, Lord Blackadder compares his servant Baldrick to Wat Tyler when he asks for the afternoon off.
In the season five premiere of Downton Abbey, Mr. Carson accuses James the footman of being a Wat Tyler for stating that he is only a footman and therefore cannot mind his surroundings.
