Stafford and his family left England in August 1641, moving to Antwerp; his parents had also left England and were living in the same area. He was allowed by Parliament to return to England with his wife, in 1646 and 1647; but in 1649 his estates were sequestered and compounded for recusancy and royalism. At his trial in 1680, he claimed to have performed many duties for King Charles I during the 1650s, travelling between England and the Low Countries, and visiting Rome, the Palatinate and Heidelberg; in the last of which he was imprisoned for a year, allegedly for immorality. John Evelyn, who evidently knew the details, referred to the offence discreetly in his Diary as "a vice that need not be named, but of which I am sure he repented." Stafford was imprisoned in 1656 in the Netherlands, this time for his father's debts. There were many family quarrels over the Howard inheritance, especially between William and his elder brother's family, who had pursued a series of lawsuits against William and his mother for money allegedly due to them.[2]
Stafford's principal character flaw seems to have been his quarrelsome nature. During the Popish Plot he pointed out the absurdity of linking him with Lord Arundell as a co-conspirator, since they had not been on speaking terms for 25 years. Over the years he quarreled with many of his Howard relations, including Henry Howard, 6th Duke of Norfolk, the head of the family, which was to prove unfortunate for him in 1680 when several of his Howard cousins sat as his judges to try him for treason. According to John Evelyn, an eye-witness, of his close relatives in the House of Lords who sat in judgement, only the Earl of Arundel voted Not Guilty, showing, as Evelyn rightly remarked, that Stafford was a man "not beloved by his family".
He returned to England at the Restoration of Charles II in 1660 and was restored to his estates. He was never really prominent in political affairs nor among the Catholic community, although he did promote the removal of the anti-Catholic penal laws with King Charles II and James, Duke of York, and in the 1670s he apparently tried to mediate between James and the leaders of the Whig opposition. At his trial in 1680 he said vaguely that he might have promoted a policy of religious toleration in his speeches in the House of Lords, but could not really remember. He was a Fellow of the Royal Society from 1665 onwards, becoming a council member in 1672.[1]
His relative obscurity was held against him during the Plot; informers like Stephen Dugdale cunningly invented quite plausible speeches in which he lamented the King's ingratitude and the lack of reward the Howards had received for their loyalty. In fact Stafford, like his fellow Plot victim John Belasyse, 1st Baron Belasyse, thought that under the tolerant regime of Charles II, the Catholic nobility were as well off as they could reasonably expect to be; at his trial he maintained that he had always argued that "we (i.e the Catholic peers) have no other interest than to be quiet".[6] For example, it was well-known to the authorities that the Catholic mass was regularly celebrated at his London town house, but no action was taken against him as a result.[7] He was frequently abroad: his visits to Paris in the late 1670s, though apparently quite innocent, were later to have fatal results, when he was accused by the informer Edward Turberville of going to Paris to hire a killer to assassinate Charles II.[8] Stafford for his part denied that he had ever seen Turberville in his life.
