Kim Jong Un's North Korea Fires Ballistic Missile That Could Reach Alaska/n
In an ominous saber-rattling action on the 4th of July, North Korean dictator Kim Jong Un fired off an apparent intercontinental ballistic missile into waters near Japan.
And it caused President Donald Trump to fire back on Twitter!
It was the communist country’s longest-range ballistic missile yet, and experts say it could reach Alaska.
PHOTOS: Inside Donald Trump’s Secret Meeting With Vladimir Putin — To OVERTHROW Dictators!
Former ambassador John Bolton worried on Fox News that the test proved North Korea was getting close to the capability of hitting the United States with nuclear weapons.
President Donald Trump mocked strongman Jong Un on Twitter, writing, “North Korea has just launched another missile. Does this guy have anything better to do with his life? Hard to believe that South Korea….. .  and Japan will put up with this much longer. Perhaps China will put a heavy move on North Korea and end this nonsense once and for all!”
According to reports, the missile was airborne for 37 minutes. It crashed about 580 miles into the sea of Japan. The missile went off 2:40 p.m. Hawaii time. The Pentagon is working on a more detailed assessment.’
PHOTOS: Watch: President’s Half-Brother Slams His Response To Terror — Only Trump Can Defeat ISIS!
Trump has asked China to put pressure on their ally North Korea to stop the missile moves.
As Radar has reported, Trump and Jong Un have clashed for months. The President and his administration worked hard to get U.S. college student Otto Warmbier recently released from detention in North Korea. Warmbier came home in a coma and died  just days later. While North Korea claimed the student had contracted botulism, Warmbier’s parents said his death resulted from being tortured by the regime.
Trump has been on a Twitter tear for days before America’s Independence Day and has now set his sights on North Korea.
As Radar has reported, on Thursday, the President slammed Mika Brzezinksi and her Morning Joe TV co-host and fiance Joe Scarborough when he wrote that he no longer watched their MSNBC morning show and charged, “low I.Q. Crazy Mika” had been “bleeding badly from a face-lift” when she and “Psycho Joe” visited him at his Mar-a-Lago resort around New Year’s Eve.
PHOTOS: Lost Photo Album! Take A Look At The Trump Family — As You’ve Never Seen Them Before
Brzezinski denied a face lift but admitted she’d had a little skin under her chin tweaked. Top plastic surgery experts, who have not treated the TV host, have told Radar that in their opinion Brzezinski DID have a face- lift.
On Saturday, as Radar has reported, Trump launched another attack on the TV duo, tweeting, “Crazy Joe Scarborough and dumb as a rock Mika are not bad people, but their low rated show is dominated by their NBC bosses. Too bad!”
Trump tweeted on Sunday with an outrageous edited video clip in which he appeared to be beating up the CNN logo.
But now, the President is tweeting about a more serious foe in Jong Un!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n