Seattle Mayor Accused Of Brutaly Raping His Own Foster Son!/n
Seattle mayor Ed Murray has been accused of repeatedly raping his own foster son, RadarOnline.com has learned, and court records reveal the alleged criminal has a tortured history.
According to the Seattle Times, child welfare investigators found evidence that the mayor brutally raped his foster son as well as other underage boys in 1984. Murray’s foster son, Jeff Simpson, is now 49.
“In the professional judgment of this caseworker who has interviewed numerous children of all ages and of all levels of emotional disturbance regarding sexual abuse, Jeff Simpson has been sexually abused by Edward Murray,” Seattle CPS caseworker Judy Butler wrote in the evaluation, following extensive research.
PHOTOS: Pamela Anderson Reveals Rape, Molestation and Gang Rape During Charity Foundation Speech
Various Seattle mayoral candidates have responded to new Ed Murray’s shocking sexual-abuse revelations.
Murray claimed in a statement on Sunday that he was never interviewed by Child Protective Services, nor was he informed of the findings following his sexual abuse investigation. He also claimed he would notbe resigning, even after various Seattle mayor candidates urged him to.
“The time for denials and victim blaming is over. The city deserves full attention to its pressing issues,” wrote Mike McGinn via Twitter.
PHOTOS: Kristen Stewart Spotted With Scrapes & Bruises — Is She Okay?
“I believe it’s in the best interests of everyone — especially the many survivors of sexual assault re-experiencing their own traumas — for the Mayor to step down now so that City Hall can get back to work,” Cary Moon said in a statement.
Amid the backlash, Murray will not be pursuing a re-election after his term.
After accusing Murray of various accounts of sexual abuse, Butler wrote in the assessment that the sick mayor should never, “under any circumstances,” be allowed to have another child under his care.
PHOTOS: Rape, Abortions, STDs, Homelessness: ‘Teen Mom 2’ Star Kailyn Lowry’s 15 Most Shocking Secrets and Scandals Revealed
Apart from Simpson, a then-15-year-old drug addict, Devlonn Heckard has come forward, claiming he would do whatever Murray asked him to in order to get cash. After the mayor reportedly asked him to engage in wild sexual acts, he filed a civil lawsuit.
“Addicted to drugs at the time, D.H. was willing do whatever Mr. Murray asked for as little as $10-20 dollars,” read the shocking lawsuit.
Murray has denied all allegations, saying the case is part of an “anti-gay conspiracy” against him, as he is known for openly supporting the LGBTQ community.
Despite the abundant evidence on the case, Murray was not given criminal charges.
Butler wrote: “We could not be sure of meeting the high burden of proof in a criminal case — of proof beyond a reasonable doubt and to a moral certainty. However, this in no way means that the District Attorney’s Office has decided Jeff’s allegations are not true.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n