Nev Schulman Welcomes Baby Girl with Fiancée Laura Perlongo/n





                    Here Are All the Celebrity Babies Born in 2016... So Far
                







So many little nuggets!

 MORE >>










                    'Catfish' Star Nev Schulman Is Engaged
                







Congrats!

 MORE >>





Nev Schulman’s family just got a little bigger! The Catfish host welcomed his first child — a girl — with fiancée Laura Perlongo.

“Best. Thing. Ever. Cleo James arrived at 6:01am weighing 6lbs 10oz,” wrote in an Instagram post on Friday (Oct. 21, 2016). “Shout out to my baby mama @el_peego for delivering this bundle of joy.”
Perlongo, a freelancer copywriter, added that she was “enamored” with the newborn, sharing a photo of her breastfeeding her daughter as Schulman looked on.
“I don’t remember this photo being taken or anything about the last 24 hours but bb girl has finally arrived,” she caption the family portrait. “She’s everything.”



Best. Thing. Ever. Cleo James arrived at 6:01am weighing 6lbs 10oz. Shout out to my baby mama @el_peego for delivering this bundle of joy.
A photo posted by Nev Schulman (@nevschulman) on Oct 21, 2016 at 11:59am PDT






i don’t remember this photo being taken or anything about the last 24 hours but bb girl has finally arrived. Completely enamored with 6lb 10oz Cleo James born this morning at 6:01. She’s everything.
A photo posted by Laura Perlongo (@el_peego) on Oct 21, 2016 at 11:52am PDT



When the couple announced the pregnancy earlier this year, Perlongo spared no detail about how her child was conceived.
“Hi. My name is Laura Perlongo and I’m pregnant accidentally on purpose,” she wrote in an essay. “Here’s what happened… It was a low-key Saturday night in February. I had taken a gummy with my boyfriend. Well, I guess first I had condom-less, birth control-free sex where the white stuff got inside the vaginal pocket, but a couple weeks later I ate marijuana in the form of candy.”
“I knew right away I wanted this baby. I was strong. I was smart. I was full of love. I COULD DO THIS!” she shared. “I was confident I’d be great. Nev was confident he would be great. HE COULD DO THIS! Sure we’d only been dating long-distance 7 months (with a break in August) but we were optimistic and in love. It felt as good a time as ever.”


more celebrity births of 2016








































45 Photos »


/n