Your 6 Monday Picks: Celebrities Honor the Legacy of Chuck Berry, Dead at 90/n





                    Did Brad Pitt Secretly Meet Up with Jennifer Aniston After Angelina Jolie Split?
                







Hmm...

 MORE >>





Rock ‘n’ roll legend Chuck Berry died in his Missouri home at the age of 90 on Saturday (Mar. 18, 2017).

According to the St. Charles County Police Department’s Facebook page, police responded to a medical emergency on Buckner Road at approximately 12:40 on Saturday.
“Inside the home, first responders observed an unresponsive man and immediately administered lifesaving techniques,” read the report. “Unfortunately, the 90-year-old man could not be revived and was pronounced deceased at 1:26 p.m. The St. Charles County Police Department sadly confirms the death of Charles Edward Anderson Berry Sr., better known as legendary musician Chuck Berry. The family requests privacy during this time of bereavement.”
Berry’s guitar lines, his fusion of country and blues, and his fervent attention to diction helped lay the foundation for the genre of rock ‘n’ roll. He was known for his duck walk, where he played the guitar while stomping up the stage with a bounce in his step. A few of his biggest hits included “Johnnie B. Goode,” “My Ding-A-Ling,” and “Run Rudolph Run.”
Berry’s official Facebook page responded to fan inquiries about his forthcoming album Chuck, which was announced on his 90th birthday, Oct. 18, 2016.


Chuck Berry's Death and  More Top Celebrity News Stories








































6 Photos »


“Working to prepare the release of this record in recent months and in fact over the last several years brought Chuck a great sense of joy and satisfaction. While our hearts are very heavy at this time, we know that Chuck had no greater wish than to see this album released to the world, and we know of no better way to celebrate and remember his 90 years of life than through his music,” read the statement. “For months now plans have been in place, and preparations have been made with our friends at Dualtone Records, to reveal further details and music from the album this week.”
Celebrities like Mick Jagger remembered the legend on social media in the wake of his death. In a three-part Twitter post, Jagger wrote, “I am so sad to hear of Chuck Berry’s passing. I want to thank him for all the inspirational music he gave to us. He lit up our teenage years, and blew life into our dreams of being musicians and performers. His lyrics shone above others & threw a strange light on the American dream. Chuck you were amazing & your music is engraved inside us forever.”


I am so sad to hear of Chuck Berry's passing. I want to thank him for all the inspirational music he gave to us. 1/3 pic.twitter.com/9zQbH5bo9V
— Mick Jagger (@MickJagger) March 18, 2017

John Mayer wrote on Facebook, “Legend. Architect. He built the tools that built the house. Rock on forever. #RIP Chuck Berry.”

Justin Timberlake wrote on Twitter, “Pioneer. Innovator. Legend. All-around BADASS. RIP #ChuckBerry.”


Pioneer. Innovator. Legend. All-around BADASS. RIP #ChuckBerry. pic.twitter.com/zXXdK5kIkO
— Justin Timberlake (@jtimberlake) March 19, 2017

Click here to see how more celebrities remembered the music icon and launch the gallery at the top of the page to click through other stories from the weekend including the birth of AJ McLean’s second daughter, photos of Selena Gomez and The Weeknd’s trip to the aquarium, Katy Perry’s past in gay conversion therapy, and more!


Top Celebrity News Stories—Mar. 20, 2017








































6 Photos »


/n