The Man Behind Dwayne Johnson's 2020 Campaign Explains Why The Rock Would Make The PERFECT POTUS!/n

Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson may or may not be joking about his 2020 presidential run, but at least one person is taking it VERY seriously!
And that person is political consultant Kenton Tilford — who believes The Rock has such a good chance of beating Donald Trump, he created a campaign committee for the action star without ever having spoken to him!
This week, the 26-year-old filed the Run The Rock 2020 campaign committee on behalf of Johnson.
Related: Now Kid Rock Is Running For Senate??
While he hasn't had any help from the potential nominee yet, Tilford hopes the Jumanji: Welcome to the Jungle star will be inspired to run based on the sheer support he has from the people!
He explained to Page Six: 

"There hasn't been any communication between myself and Mr. Johnson's team. The hope is that he appreciates the strong showing of grassroots support from across the country and decides to take the plunge in 2020. I see it here in West Virginia, and I think that really says something about his broad, unifying appeal."
The WWE star hasn't ruled it out yet! Though he refused to endorse a candidate in the 2016 election, the 44-year-old has admitted to mulling over a foray into politics before.
Johnson even poked fun at his aspirations by announcing his presidential bid on the Saturday Night Live finale with VP Tom Hanks — a skit Tilford thinks worked because so many people would genuinely vote for them! He continued:

"The Johnson/Hanks skit was incredible and hilarious, but the humor certainly had a lot to do with how legitimately appealing the ticket would be. The question of a running mate is certainly an interesting one, but that's so far in the future that I'd rather not speculate too much."
And with the Trump administration seeming to be purposefully driving the country apart, Tilford thinks America will be looking for a "unifying figure" come next election, adding:

"2020 is some ways away, so an ideal platform is not something I'm too focused on now. That being said, I think it's clear that the current administration has not made a serious attempt to unite our very divided country… After four years of division, America will yearn for a unifying figure. [Johnson is] a truly unifying figure in a time of deep distrust and division."
Sounds like he's got it all figured out!
Photo: Johnson Gives Shoutout To Servicewoman!
But before the political consultant can get the man himself, he needs more manpower to help run the operation. He explained:

"It's mostly a solo operation at this point, though some friends are assisting me. We're hoping to expand, especially given the enthusiastic response so far. I see his broad appeal in conversations every day. It's not just his smile or his blockbuster films. It's the charity work he does for our veterans. The respect he has for Americans from all backgrounds. It's inspiring to see everything Mr. Johnson does."
He's not wrong about that!
Having worked on small scale campaigns before, Tilford understands some might be weary to support a Hollywood figure with no political experience.
But he was also quick to point out multiple Republican presidents also came from the world of showbusiness, including the one in office! He added:

"His background as an actor may sound silly to some, but Ronald Reagan often said his acting experience was essential to his success as president. And I think one of the most appealing things to many Americans about Donald Trump is his reality television persona of a tough, no-nonsense businessman. Johnson is perhaps the perfect candidate for today's political moment and his charisma and respect for all Americans makes up for his lack of elected experience — and I think recent elections show that most people would agree with me."
Looks like Run The Rock 2020 is underway, whether The Rock likes it or not!
[Image via NBC.]
/n