 ANOTHER Bombshell! 'Teen Mom' Amber's Shady Fiancé Has 9 Children: His Secret Ex-Wife.../n
Teen Mom OG star Amber Portwood‘s shady fiancé has many, many more children than he’s willing to admit!
Though Matt Baier has only copped to five kids, the mysterious MTV star, 44, actually has a whopping nine children, RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal.
As Radar has extensively reported, Baier has six baby mamas for a collective eight children. Five of the women are gunning for overdue child support payments in Indiana court.
PHOTOS: ‘Teen Mom’ Amber Portwood Reveals Her New Home
Now, a seventh woman, Jeanette Reedy, exclusively tells Radar that she’s the mother of the Massachusetts native’s secret 7-year-old daughter, whom he hasn’t seen since she was an infant.
The single mom says she met Baier online in 2006, and the pair married after a quick courtship in January 2007.
As evidenced in the below photos, the couple visited Niagara Falls together, and posed with two of his other children, in addition to Reedy’s older son, at a family outing to an aquarium.


At his insistence, she became pregnant later that year.
“He was great at first, but then our marriage became a nightmare,” the Massachusetts-bred Reedy, 50, recalls to Radar. “I started to figure out that everything about him was a lie. I thought, ‘What did I get myself involved in?'”
At five months pregnant, Reedy says she left Baier because she hit her breaking point in the relationship.
PHOTOS: ‘Teen Mom’ Star Amber Portwood Flashes Engagement Ring While Out With Fiancé In NYC
“A switch went on,” she remembers. “I said, ‘I have to get out.'”
After the baby— whose name Radar has chosen to keep private at her mother’s request— was born in July 2008, Baier visited his daughter a few times. But by 2009, he had broken off all contact.
He has yet to pay a dime in child support, Reedy alleges.
PHOTOS: Amber Portwood Before She Was Famous: Adorable Childhood Photos
According to a document from the Massachusetts Department of Revenue, Baier is indeed the parent to Reedy’s child, and owes payment. (Reedy says the amount isn’t clear, since the state has been unable to track him down.)

Thanks to a supportive network of friends and family, Reedy was able to get through single motherhood— but she’s still reeling from the chaos Baier created in her life.
“He did a lot of damage,” she claims.
When Baier reappeared on TV years after he had left her family’s life, Reedy was floored by the news.
PHOTOS: Betrayal! Nude Photos! Arrests & More: Teen Moms’ 20 Most Shocking Scandals
“I got so many text messages, emails and phone calls. Lots of my friends watch Teen Mom and recognized him right away,” she recalls, adding that she refuses to watch the MTV show. “I’ve never seen him on TV. I’m repulsed by him.”
Reedy’s daughter doesn’t know her father’s name, but is “starting to hear things” as she gets older.
“He sounds disgusting,” the little girl said, according to her mother.
PHOTOS: Teen Moms With Tats! See The MTV Reality Stars’ Wild Ink
Fortunately, Reedy says her daughter has lots of strong male family members in her life, and is doing very well.
As Radar previously reported, Portwood, 25, was initially devastated by her ex Gary Shirley‘s on-camera claims that Baier has seven children. (She had only known of two prior to the bombshell.)
“I was so shocked,” she confessed to Okmagazine.com. “I didn’t know what to think. Did my man have all these kids with all these women that I didn’t know about? It freaked me out.”
PHOTOS: Teen Moms Out Of Control! The 50 Wildest Moments Of MTV’s Mothers
However, she’s chosen to stick by Baier’s side.
The pair plans to wed in October 2016. /n