Wanda Sykes Shocker! Jokes About Michael Douglas' Throat Cancer—Find Out What She Said! When TNT airs the American Film Institute's Lifetime Achievement award tribute to Jane Fonda, we have a feeling viewers won't be seeing al.../n
When TNT airs the American Film Institute's Lifetime Achievement award tribute to Jane Fonda, we have a feeling viewers won't be seeing all of Wanda Sykes' remarks.Joking that Fonda's work in Barberella "started the war on women, the funny lady said, "speaking of war on women, I see Michael Douglas is here."Douglas was sitting at a stage side table with his wife Catherine Zeta-Jones."How's that throat thing? Doing alright?" said Sykes, who was dressed in a Barberella outfit. "Michael wanted us to know he got throat cancer. He got it from all that cunilingus. Folks, I'll tell ya, it's not smoking unfiltered cigarettes and drinking whiskey...it's eating p--sy that'll kills ya! But I don't know about that because, I feel fine."



 Kevin Mazur/WireImage

The audience at the Dolby Theatre in Hollywood laughed as well as gasped at Sykes's unexpected Douglas roast. (No word on what Douglas thought. He made no mention of Sykes when he was the last celeb to hit the stage to give the award to Fonda).Presenters also included Sandra Bullock, Cameron Diaz, Meryl Streep, Sally Field, Jeff Daniels and Eva Longoria. "If my mother thought it was difficult being the daughter of Henry Fonda, she should try being the son of Hanoi Jane," the Newsroom star's son Troy Garity quipped. "That was a lot fun, being potty trained in a rice paddy, being sent to schools in a head band and leg warmers."



Frazer Harrison/Getty Images for AFI

He added, "We had a different life from other Hollywood families. My mother never hired a nanny to watch after me--that's what the FBI was for. And if they weren't available, I could always stay with the VLO--theVagina Liberation Organization."Fonda laughed, applauded and wiped away tears throughout the two-hour presentation. Her brother, Peter Fonda, said, "Jane, I've never been prouder of you, and I know Dad is, too."AFI's tribute to Jane Fonda premieres on TNT on June 14.
/n