Planned Parenthood Has Received 50K Donations in Vice President-Elect Mike Pence’s Name/n





                    Katy Perry Makes $10K Donation to Planned Parenthood as Donald Trump Gives First Post-Election Interview
                







Hillary Clinton supporter Katy Perry is taking action to ensure that healthcare will remain affordable for women under Donald Trump's presidency

 MORE >>





Planned Parenthood had had a slew of donations in recent days, all in the name of Vice President-Elect Mike Pence.

The women’s healthcare organization confirmed to People that they’ve now received 50,000 individual donations in Pence’s name, representing 25 percent of the 200,000 donations that came in since the election on Nov. 8.
“We’ve seen an unprecedented outpouring of support, with more than 200,000 people donating in the week following the election — a quarter of whom pledged to be monthly supporters, recognizing the long-term work that is needed,” Cecile Richards, the president of Planned Parenthood, said in a statement. “Tens of thousands more are pledging to make sure access to health care is protected. We are so grateful to this community across the country, and we will never stop fighting for them.”
“The truth is that the majority of Americans, including Trump’s own voters, support access to health care at Planned Parenthood and do not want to see women lose access to safe, legal abortion. We’ve stood defiant in the face of opposition for the last 100 years. We will never back down, and we will never stop providing the care our patients need. These doors stay open, no matter what.”


Celebs Who Aren't Afraid to Bash Donald Trump








































12 Photos »


The idea to send donations in the Indiana governor’s name went viral a few days after he and Donald Trump won the election. Celebrities such as Amy Schumer, Lena Dunham, Amber Tamblyn and others posted how to donate in Pence’s name.



Done and done @ppact
A photo posted by @amyschumer on Nov 12, 2016 at 11:39am PST



Pence has been a big proponent to defund the organization because, among the many healthcare services they provide for women, abortions is one of them. He has been trying to pass bills to get rid of it, and so far, to no avail.
Click here to make your own donation to Planned Parenthood.
/n