Trendsetters at Work: Bradley Theodore When someone makes a documentary about you (and then it's shown at the 2016 Tribeca Film Festival), you've made it right?  If you don't yet know the name Bradley Theodore, we're not .../n
When someone makes a documentary about you (and then it's shown at the 2016 Tribeca Film Festival), you've made it right? If you don't yet know the name Bradley Theodore, we're not quite sure what rock you've been living under. (Have you not seen the colorful mural of a skeleton-like Karl Lagerfeld staring into the eyes of Anna Wintour?) The NYC-based, Turks and Caicos-born street artist is truly one of a kind—bringing impressionistic high fashion to the streets of New York City.Ready for your intro?How did you get into painting?I've always studied art—in high school and in college. I actually studied digital arts in college, but while working some friends I realized I just didn't want to do it anymore. In the next 10 years, everything was going to be digital, so I felt like it really was my only chance and last chance to paint and make a career out of it.

What's the coolest mural you've created?The one of Anna Wintour and Karl, I think, was the coolest—I just instantly loved it. I had initially painted it on canvas, but when I switched it to a mural it really came to life.What's the most daring career risk you've ever taken?I think doing my very first show in London was the biggest risk. It's the hardest market in the world to get into and be loved by. They're very strict and the market is so particular, but it turned out to be a great decision for me.Who are some of your career heroes?I'm a big Picasso fan. Also, Willem De Kooning, Ray Smith and another is Ran Ortner.

What's the best piece of advice you've ever received?One person told me to "keep on doing what I'm doing." To me that's always meant just to believe in yourself, always.Your paintings were a hit this past Halloween, what was it like seeing so many dressed as your artwork?It's absolutely crazy. It's such an honor that people want to immortalize my paintings for their Halloween costumes.Do you have any exciting projects or events coming up that you can tell us about? Film festival artist and US Open and the next thing I'm doing is a pop up during London fashion week at a hotel Hari Hotel –putting up about 30 – 40 paintings there and then I'm also doing a show in the Maddox Gallery in London in April. 

Finish the sentences below:Today for lunch I had…fish and chips (I'm traveling in London right now).The first website I log onto every day is…Google.com...then Bloomberg.com.My usual Starbucks order is…a Chai tea and a blueberry muffin.If I wasn't doing this job, I would…be a farmer.My favorite place to visit is…Turks and Caicos.List what's on your desk right now…paintings, moleskin and a ton of pigments.The book I'm reading right now is…The Alchemist by Paulo Coelho.

Click here for a look at some of the incredible pieces Bradley's produced—they're for sale, too!
/n