EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW: Jersey Shore's Angelina 'Feels Sorry' For Jeff Miranda/n
Jersey Shore‘s Angelina Pivarnick is one reality television star who knows how it feels to be excluded, so when Snooki‘s ex Jeff Miranda approached her, she gladly took him under her wing.
But after a fling that lasted just a few weeks, the pair have become embroiled in a bitter post break-up slanging match.
Jeff told RadarOnline.com Angelina was a “a cheating bi*ch” after she was photographer with The Bachelorette‘s Justin Rego in Las Vegas.
Now, the 23-year-old is firing back: “I felt badly for him because he wanted to break into TV so badly but he could never get a show. He wanted to be near Snooki and I as much as possible, all for fame.”
EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW: ‘Angelina Is A Cheat,’ Says Ex Jeff Miranda
She added, “We actually enjoyed each others company and we traveled to a couple of my appearances together, but was never really my boyfriend.
“At first, I thought he was really dating Snooki… but he only met her one day, kissed her and went back and spent the night at the Jersey Shore house… then MTV wouldn’t let him back to see her after that.
EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: Boyfriend Of Jersey Shore Star Angelin Hospitalized After Street Fight
In an exclusive interview, Miranda claimed he should have known better.
“It’s my fault for messing with such trash like Nicole and Angelina,” Miranda said.
“I don’t know how these two girls got on that show. I wouldn’t watch either of them take out the trash. Angelina can have Justin Rated R. He’s a cheater himself so the two will be perfect together. She’s trash and he looks like a f**king crushed can of Budweiser.”
EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: Jersey Shore Angelina ‘Isn’t Getting Snooki’s Sloppy Seconds’ Says Snooki’s Ex
Miranda’s very public display of anger was no surprise to Angelina who said she knew when they became friends, all he wanted was to become famous.
She told RadarOnline.com: “I’m not going to trash talk him, but he called me non-stop only after one week of dating and professed his love for me just like he did to Snooki… how could this guy really be in love?
EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW: New Couple Alert! Jersey Shore’s Angelina & Bachelorette Star Justin Rego
“I enjoy what I am doing right now and I travel so much at that makes it difficult to have a serious relationship. With that said, Justin Rego is the closest I have come to feeling like a long distance relationship could be worth it.”
 
RELATED STORIES:
EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW: New Couple Alert! Jersey Shore’s Angelina & Bachelorette Star Justin Rego
EXCLUSIVE: Snooki’s Ex Boyfriend Hooks Up With Rival Angelina
EXCLUSIVE: Jersey Shore’s Angelina & Snooki’s New Boyfriend In Strip Club Brawl /n