People Think Taylor Swift Is Being Petty by Doing This to Katy Perry/n





                    Katy Perry Says She'll Make Music with Taylor Swift If She Apologizes
                







Is it too late now to say sorry?

 MORE >>










                    Katy Perry Blasts Taylor Swift About Feud
                







"She started it, and it's time for her to finish it."

 MORE >>





It seems like Taylor Swift isn’t ready to settle her beef with Katy Perry just yet.

Fans are accusing the “Bad Blood” singer of being petty by stealing her nemesis’ thunder on the day of Katy’s new album release.
Just as Witness was hitting shelves, Tay — who pulled her music from mainstream streaming services in 2014 for not properly compensating her art — made all her records available on platforms like Spotify, Tidal, and Amazon. As if to pour salt on the wounds, Taylor’s team claimed the change of heart was to celebrate 1989, an album that came out more than to years ago, selling over 10 million copies.
Coincidence or not, many think it was a shady move of Taylor’s part to ruin the “Swish Swish” songstress’ big day.

Katy Perry spent 4 years on her new album but got OVERSHADOWED BY ALL OF TAYLOR SWIFT’S OLD MUSIC BEING RE-RELEASED pic.twitter.com/5SGk0lk8HR
— summer (@slaylorstan) June 9, 2017


In other news: Taylor Swift putting all her music back on Spotify on Katy Perry release day? SHAAAAAADE.
— Juno Dawson (@junodawson) June 9, 2017



Taylor is trying to block Katy’s blessings like how she released Shake It Off when Anaconda was about to go #1. Imagine stanning her.
— 〰️ (@chartflops) June 9, 2017


Mfw Taylor Swift just ended Katy without having to drop an album #WITNESS pic.twitter.com/4VaQAhkoHd
— Taylor Swift’s Son (@TaylorSwiftsSon) June 9, 2017



Really awkward if Taylor’s albums will have more Spotify streams than Katy’s new album Witness
— ️ (@idwlfdeluxe) June 9, 2017


taylor swift puts her discography back on spotify and discounts all her albums on katy perry’s album release day pic.twitter.com/8io7TPjnni
— judgmental gay (@jdgmntlgay) June 9, 2017



So Taylor Swift is finally releasing all her music on Spotify tonight.. the night Katy Perry releases her new album. pic.twitter.com/bBhNUCG5rD
— Guillermo Galvan (@willygalvan) June 9, 2017


I aspire to be as petty as taylor swift releasing her discography for streaming the weekend katy perry’s album drops
— Dominic Riccitello (@DominicScott) June 9, 2017



Katy Perry: Here’s my new album, stream it on Spotif-
Taylor Swift: Here’s my ENTIRE album catalog on Spotify pic.twitter.com/ps8kyrXA9e
— leo (@roIIingdice) June 9, 2017


Taylor after uploading all of her albums on Spotify, the day of Katy’s new album. pic.twitter.com/nUoExZmBLE
— *dylan* (@STlCKUP) June 9, 2017



this is way more than just a beef. this is sabotage. Taylor Swift wants to end Katy’s career no matter what
— ㅤ (@saucyrih) June 9, 2017

Last month, Katy told late night talk show host James Corden that she was “ready for that BS to be done” and end her longstanding spat with Taylor, who allegedly cast the first stone by writing a song about the drama.
“Honestly, it’s really like she started it, and it’s time for her to finish it,” Katy said. “I tried to talk to her about it and she wouldn’t speak to me.”
She added, “I think personally that women together, not divided, and none of this petty bullsh*t, women together will heal the world.”
Clearly, Taylor has other things in mind.


Taylor Swift and Katy Perry: before the feud








































31 Photos »


/n