Will & Grace Revival Will Completely Ignore The Finale!/n

If you're looking forward to the Will & Grace revival as much as we are, the showrunners just answered your biggest question.
How the eff does the show work after that finale??
We mean, it told the whole story of the next twenty years, and it wasn't a very pleasant one! Will and Grace each got married and had kids, had a huge falling out, and didn't see one another for years until their children met in college!
Video: Will & Grace Is Back With A Musical First Trailer
So how is the sitcom going to look anything like itself if the characters are separated?
Easy. They won't be. The entire thing is going to be swept under the rug!
Co-creator and exec producer Max Mutchnick explained to Entertainment Weekly: 

"We spent most of our time trying to figure out what would be the way to make the show the best version of itself coming back after 11 years. That finale really caused us a lot of grief. You write a finale because a show is over. You never think that it's coming back again."
Co-creator and exec producer David Kohan gets even more specific about the nature of the problem — children! He says:

"When the decision was made to bring the series back, we were like, well, we left them with kids, right? And if they have children, then it has to be about them being parents, ‘cause presumably it would be a priority in their lives. And if it wasn't a priority in their lives, then they're still parents, they're just bad parents, right? We frankly did not want to see them being either good parents or bad parents. We wanted them to be Will and Grace."
We understand this is going to annoy some people, but good riddance! Adding children was always a later season desperation move anyway.
Besides, they'll have plenty of new stories to deal with thanks to the big baby in the White House!
Related: Debra Messing Says Politicians Have Been Hitting Her Up To Appear On The Revival!
Of course, it's not just Will and Grace who are getting a retcon. Jack and Karen lived through some crazy stuff in those two decades, too. But all the plastic surgery, freak balcony accidents, and financial windfalls (sorry, had to!) are getting erased as well. It's just cleaner to start fresh.
Look, y'all. It's just one of those TV things you're going to have to let go. Like new Aunt Viv and the disappearance of Cousin Oliver. The show must go on! (On September 28 on NBC!)
What do YOU think??
/n