Series (Getting On, HBO), Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series (The Big Bang Theory, CBS) and Outstanding Guest Actress in a Drama Series (Horace and Pete, LouisCK.net). Prior to this year, she's been nominated for seven Emmys a.../n
Nominations for the 2016 Emmys were announced this morning, so by now you've had a chance to celebrate or commiserate with your favorite stars via Twitter.As always, there were some snubs and surprises, but a few things held constant: Games of Thrones, once again, scored the most nominations of any show with 23 nods (including Outstanding Drama Series). Veep led the pack amongst comedies, earning 17 nods including one for Outstanding Comedy Series. These series' numbers helped boost HBO's total Emmy nomination count for 2016 up to 94, more than any other Cable channel.

FX fared well, too: The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story earned 22 nominations, (including Outstanding Limited Series) putting them just behind Game of Thrones. Another FX limited series getting recognition was Fargo, which received 18 nominations. The Americans helped the cable channel to boost their total 2016 nom count to 56 with 5 nods, including Outstanding Drama Series along with Lead Actor in a Drama Series (Matthew Rhys) and Lead Actress in a Drama Series (Keri Russell).NBC led the way for networks with 41 nominations; The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon got 2 nods, The Voice got 6, and Saturday Night Live tied its own record from 2011 with 16 nominations.

Laurie Metcalf was nominated in three different Emmy categories: Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series (Getting On, HBO), Outstanding Guest Actress in a Comedy Series (The Big Bang Theory, CBS) and Outstanding Guest Actress in a Drama Series (Horace and Pete, LouisCK.net). Prior to this year, she's been nominated for seven Emmys and won three, the most recent in 1994 for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series for playing Jackie on Roseanne.For more facts and statistics on the 2016 nominees, visit Emmys.com(E! and NBC are both members of the NBCUniversal family.)
/n