Kris Jenner's EPIC Meltdown After Oscars Red Carpet Disaster/n
Oops! Kris Jenner, messed up big time last night while serving as E!’s red carpet correspondent for the Oscar Awards, and RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned that she blamed everyone but herself!
As those who watched the iconic show know, many stars last night were wearing blue ribbons over their dresses to show support for the American Civil Liberties Union, an organization that fights for human rights.
PHOTOS: RED CARPET PHOTOS! The Best, Worst, & Wackiest Stars Hit The 2017 Academy Awards
During the live telecast, Jenner, 61, and Giuliana Rancic, 42, were dishing on Best Actress nominee Ruth Negga‘s Oscar gown when the momager blurted out, “What is the blue thing she has there? Is that a ribbon?”
Rancic patiently responded, “It’s the ACLU ribbon that a lot of people are actually wearing on the red carpet tonight.”
Jenner – looking perplexed– said, “This is the first one I’ve seen. That little ribbon.”
Immediately, social media slammed the KUWTK matriarch, starting with ACLU itself, who took to Twitter to educate the clueless mother of Kim Kardashian.

It's a ribbon that says you stand for people's rights, @krisjenner! #Oscars #Oscars2017 #AndTheOscarGoesACLU https://t.co/71NsZ3rsNQ
— ACLU National (@ACLU) February 27, 2017

But the drama did not stop there.
According to a source who works in production for E!’s Oscars pre-show fashion panel, “Kris absolutely flipped out when the cameras stopped rolling.”
“Kris accused producers of trying to sabotage her. She actually went on to say that it was their fault that they did not inform her of what the blue ribbons signified.”
PHOTOS: SPECIAL REPORT! Kardashian Fakery Exposed: Kris Jenner’s Top 10 Biggest Lies EVER!
“She will likely not be asked to work the pre-show again,” the source revealed.
Hours later, Jenner is still licking her wounds.
“Kris is just mortified at how badly she messed up,” the insider added.
Do you think it was Kris Jenner’s fault for not knowing what ACLU’s blue ribbons stood for? Tell us your thoughts below.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n