 'Cruel Monster!' Beach Boys Legend Brian Wilson Reveals Disturbing Child Abuse Horror.../n
Tortured Beach Boys legend Brian Wilson blames his life of fear, torment and mental illness on his “monster,” boozer father, who beat him unmercifully!
The 74-year-old singer-songwriter who penned and performed 1960s hits including Surfin’ U.S.A. and Good Vibrations reveals he’s lived in terror for years — and still hears voices in his head!
In his shocking just-released book I Am Brian Wilson: A Memoir, the rock icon also rips the lid off his California childhood to reveal the brutal abuse he suffered under his wannabe musician father Murry Wilson, who died in 1973.
The deranged dad forced his sons Brian, Dennis and Carl to form a garage band that — along with cousin Mike Love and pal Al Jardine — would morph into the legendary Beach Boys.
PHOTOS: Johnny’s Alleged Violent Past Exposed Amid Ex Amber Heard’s Abuse Claims
“My dad was violent,” confesses Brian. “He was cruel. He drank too much and became a monster.”
“Whenever I got afraid, he would yell at me or slap me or call me a p***y! He’d slap the boys again and again.”
When he wasn’t punching or slapping them, Murry would pop out his glass eye and force his sons to look into the hideous “space where the eye used to be.”
PHOTOS: Amber Heard Was Arrested For Domestic Violence Against Ex Tasya Van Ree
Once, Brian tried to get back by bringing his dad poop on a plate and telling him, “Here’s your lunch.”
Murry told Brian to get into the bathroom, followed him in and “whipped the hell out of me. There were hundreds of those times.”
While the brothers grew up just a few miles from the beach and are considered the founders of the California surfer sound, the boys didn’t surf.
PHOTOS: ‘Paranoia, Delusions,’ & ‘Drug Abuse! Amber Claims Johnny Was Husband From Hell
Brian says he tried to surf early on, but quit after getting conked in the head by his board.
Despite his musical success, reclusive Brian has been tormented by voices he hears in his head and severe anxiety.
During an interview, he confessed, “for the past 40 years I’ve had auditory hallucinations in my head, all day every day, and I can’t get them out.” He says the voices started “about a week after I’d taken some psychedelic drugs.”
PHOTOS: ‘Damage’ & ‘Injuries!’ See The Photos Of Depp’s Alleged ‘Attack’
He also suffers from intense fears and phobias, once spending months in bed. He turned into an “over-eater” and ballooned to over 300 pounds, suffered a nervous breakdown and was cheated out of a fortune by quack psychotherapist Dr. Eugene Landy, who took over his life while charging him $35,000 a month for treatments. Fortunately, he’s managed to battle back.
“My story is a music story and a family story and a love story,” Brian writes. “But it’s a story of mental illness, too.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n