Demi Lovato Gives Herself Some Self Love After Revealing She Doesn't Like Being Labeled As Bipolar/n

Demi Lovato is a lot more than her mental health issues.
The A-lister made this point while chatting with Elvis Duran for a recent episode of iHeartRadio's Label Defiers podcast. Specifically, the former Disney darling expressed her frustrations with regularly being labeled as "bipolar."
Related: Kanye Wants $10 Million For His Mental Breakdown!
The Sorry Not Sorry singer explained: 
"I think when people refer to me as being bipolar, it's something that's true – I am bipolar – but I don't like people to use it as a label. It's something that I have, it's not who I am."
Instead, the 24-year-old favors being called an "activist" as it is a far more encouraging label. Hmmm, inneresting point.
In case you forgot, back in 2011, Demi entered a treatment program in order to get help for her substance abuse, eating disorder, and self harm problems. While in the mental health facility, Lovato was diagnosed as bipolar — a diagnosis she's been very vocal about.
On why she chose to become an advocate for mental health awareness and other causes, the industry vet added:
"I think it's very important that people raise the importance of mental health because it's something that's so taboo to talk about… The more people know about it, the more people are going to be able to find solutions to what they're going through."
Not to mention, following Chris Cornell and Chester Bennington's recent suicides, the Stone Cold artist feels it's particularly important to "speak up" these days. She continued:
"It's a very unfortunate situation and I feel terrible for [Bennington's] friends and family, but I know that maybe this will raise the topic into conversation around mental illness and mental health and help somebody.
It's important to speak up about the things you believe in, because your voice will be heard no matter what position you're in. I just happen to be in a position where more people would hear my voice than they would have 10-15 years ago, so I use my voice to do more than just sing."
In addition to building the spirits of her fans, Demi is focused on maintaining her own health and happiness. On Tuesday, the hitmaker took to Instagram to give herself some love as she posted a fit AF pic (above). Alongside the snap of her toned abs, the former child star wrote:
"I rarely post pics with my belly button showing because I'm normally insecure about showing my full stomach but I've been working really hard and thanks to @d.leith and his yummy food with @lockhartandleith I've been seeing progress so I thought I'd post this cause I'm feeling myself right now!! 😝💁🏻💪🏼 also can't forget the best gym in the world @unbreakableperformance and my train."
Way to feel yourself, girl.
[Image via Instagram.]
/n