David Foster & Elizabeth Hurley Are Reportedly In The 'Early Stages' Of A Romance!/n

David Foster never stays single for long.
Amid his ex-wife Yolanda Hadid's admission about how he savagely kicked her to the curb, the celebrated music producer was spotted spending quality time with actress Elizabeth Hurley. The twosome sparked romance rumors earlier this week when they were seen boarding a private jet at an airport in Olbia, Italy.
Related: Scott Disick Insists He Is NOT A Sex Addict
Reportedly, Miz Hurley was all smiles as photographers snapped pics of her walking through the airport with David. The pair also chose spots near each other for a group photo while onboard a luxurious yacht. A pal close to the duo posted on Instagram: 




Sun, fun, food, friends. #itsallgoodA post shared by cherylsaban (@cherylsaban) on Jul 23, 2017 at 8:48am PDT


Since then, a source confirmed to E! News that the hitmaker and The Royals star are in fact "dating," but are in the "early stages" of a relationship. The insider dished:
"They have known each other for years now as they have many mutual friends, but recently became romantic… [David] talks very highly of Elizabeth."
We wonder what made their years long friendship take a romantic turn?? Who knows.
Nonetheless, David is certainly treating his new squeeze like the queen she plays on TV. Supposedly, the 52-year-old joined the record producer and his friends "for about three days as they cruised around Sardinia." It's said they were on Bob Manoukian's mega yacht, called the Siran.
On how the love birds acted on vacay, another tipster relayed:
"They looked like a couple in the beginning stages of getting to know each other. They were with a group of friends, but they had some private flirty moments together where they laughed and got close."
Well, well! If the rumors are true, this will be Elizabeth's first romance since splitting from cricketer Shane Warne back in 2013. As for Foster, he's been linked to a number of starlets — including Katharine McPhee, Christie Brinkley, Selma Blair, etc. — since breaking up with the Real Housewives of Beverly Hills vet.
We'll definitely keep our eyes peeled as we wait for more info about this budding relationship. Squee!
[Image via WENN.]/n