‘Strangers Things’ Star Shannon Purser Comes Out as Bisexual/n





                    'Stranger Things' Star Shannon Purser Reacts to How Fans Obsessed Over Barb
                







#JusticeForBarb.

 MORE >>





Shannon Purser — aka Barb from Strangers Things — is bisexual.  In a tweet shared on Tuesday (Apr. 18, 2017), the 19-year-old came out to more than 100,000 followers, explaining “now is a good time as any to get personal.”
“I’ve only recently come out as bisexual to my family and friends,” she wrote. “It’s something I am still processing and trying to understand and I don’t like talking about it too much. I’m very very new to the LGBT community.”
pic.twitter.com/FkkX2PziiQ
— Shannon Purser (@shannonpurser) April 19, 2017

According to Purser, she decided to speak up after her new show, Riverdale, was accused of “queerbaiting” for having two straight characters share a same-sex kiss. “I get that, representation is so powerful and important. But we didn’t write the show?” she wrote in another tweet. “We have literally no say in what happens.”
Purser went on to explain that she wasn’t mad at fans for “shipping” Betty (Lili Reinhart) and Veronica (Camila Mendes), the two female characters that kissed. “Ships are great, being horrible to people who don’t ship your ship is not,” she tweeted of the pairing, who fans have dubbed “Beronica.”
“Lemme clarify, not angry at beronica stans. Not even angry at rightfully upset beronica stans. Disappointed with hateful people,” Purser added.
Last week, the actress hinted about her sexuality when she tweeted about being in the “process” of getting to know her identity. While she did not use any specific labels, Purser offered words of encouragement to those who may also be facing the same struggles.
“Getting comfortable with your sexuality is a process. It’s going to be ok. I wish I’d known that sooner,” she tweeted. “Another thing I wish I’d known about sexuality is to take it slow. It can define you as much as you want it to.”
Getting comfortable with your sexuality is a process. It’s going to be ok. I wish I’d known that sooner. — Shannon Purser (@shannonpurser) April 11, 2017

Another thing I wish I’d known about sexuality is to take it slow. It can define you as much as you want it to. — Shannon Purser (@shannonpurser) April 11, 2017/n