body, the AAD recommends applying enough to fill a shot glass). And many of us seek false protection in cloudy days or being indoors. But as Dr. Jeannette Graf, a dermatologist and assistant clinical professor of dermatology at Mount Sinai M.../n
Wearing SPF on the daily may be a common sense thing, but if Gisele Bündchen is a testament, we all get burned from time to time. Maybe it's because we didn't reapply the stuff frequently enough (the American Academy of Dermatology suggests reapplication every two hours when in the sun) or perhaps we just don't put enough on (to cover the whole body, the AAD recommends applying enough to fill a shot glass). And many of us seek false protection in cloudy days or being indoors.




Splash News

But as Dr. Jeannette Graf, a dermatologist and assistant clinical professor of dermatology at Mount Sinai Medical Center, reminded us dangerous UV rays can strike just about any time. "UV rays are always there, regardless of season or weather conditions—sun, rain, cold and even when we are indoors and sitting by a window," she said.All great intel to help prevent the next burn from happening. But what to do if the damage is done? We got doctor's orders from Graf, who shared the following sunburn-soothing tips.Pop a pill: It may be instinctive to tend directly to the skin after getting a burn, but Graf recommends going for an internal aid first. "When taken in the first 24 hours after experiencing a burn, ibuprofen helps to minimize the inflammation," she said.

Soothe the skin: Graf suggested applying a cool compress or aloe vera gel to reduce irritation. While mentholated body powders may seem like they could help cool the heat one feels when suffering a burn, Graf warned against using them, as they can further irritate the skin.Minimize water exposure: Showers, especially those taken with warm or hot water, can aggitate the skin. Give your burn a break by steering clear of H20.

Lube up: If you've burned your skin to the point of pain, Graf recommended applying a hydrocortisone cream to help minimize pain and swelling. If skin begins to blister, however—what's classified as a second-degree burn—visit your dermatologist, who may prescribe a stronger topical cream.Stay sheltered: According to Graf, many people go back into the sun after sustaining a burn. But even after applying copious amounts of sunscreen for a second spin outdoors, Graf said, it's too little, too late. Your skin needs time to heal indoors—and away from windows—of course.
/n