Maya Rudolph Talks Body Evolution and Binding Her Boobs to Play Barack Obama Maya Rudolph has become one of our all-time favorite funny ladies for her in-your-face sense of humor and her ability to remain down-to-earth at all times. In fact,.../n
Maya Rudolph has become one of our all-time favorite funny ladies for her in-your-face sense of humor and her ability to remain down-to-earth at all times.In fact, in a recent interview with Yahoo! Style, she continued to prove just how much we love her by getting candid about everything from her weight to motherhood to the crazy things she's done to play certain characters.For example, when asked about her wardrobe she joked, "I've been, like, 30 sizes in the last 10 years." But all jokes aside, you'd probably never guess that she's actually a totally girly-girl when it comes to fashion, loving everything from Stella McCartney to Erdem to The Row.

Her love for style was heavily influenced by her late mother, soul singer Minnie Riperton. "My mom was badass in terms of the clothing department. She had these cool dresses from the '40s," Rudolph explains. "My high school didn't have a dress code. And I basically never wore the same thing twice. I was experimenting. If I found a sailor hat in the theater, the next day I was wearing it to school. Pretty in Pink did a number on me."Unfortunately, however, a lot of her roles aren't heavily focused on the style side of things. For example, that one time she played President Barack Obama and he called her out on her suit: "They got me, like, a boy's suit [and] I bound my boobs," she recalls. "I was waiting to go on. Obama walked up behind me. I said, 'How do I look?' And he started laughing. Then he said, 'Well, I don't wear a three-button suit.' I was like, 'Ha ha ha… Like, cool guys wear two buttons?'"She continues, "But he was charismatic and handsome as f--k. And tall! I was instantly won over by his baby-brown eyes." Aren't we all, though?

Meanwhile, Rudolph also can't help but chat about her other full-time job: being a mom. With four children under the age of 11, she's always busy."It's not enough for a basketball team, but it could be a rock band," she laughs, joking about the effort it takes to get them off to school in the morning. "Some of my girls like to wear their hair in a certain way. Some of them don't like to put on their shoes until they're right about to walk out the door. One of my kids is not a breakfast person."But one thing they all have in common? Mom's sense of humor. "My kids are funny," she says . "But the punch line of every joke is either pee or poop. For my son, the punch line is usually 'poo-poo face.' Gets 'em every time."For more from Rudolph, make sure to check out her full interview on Yahoo! Style.
/n