Olivia Culpo Reveals Her Favorite Spots in Los Angeles, Plus Her Dream Vacation Plans/n
When it comes to planning her next getaway, Olivia Culpo is ready to take it up a notch.
“For my next vacation I want to get my scuba diving certification so I can get out of my comfort zone a bit,” the former Miss Universe tells Los Angeles Travel. “I’m ready for a challenge!”
Although she recently escaped to Bimini to celebrate friend and fellow model Devon Windor’s 23rd birthday, Culpo, 24, often travels for her work as an actress, television presenter and model, making her an expert on jetsetting essentials.
RELATED: Kristin Cavallari’s Husband Jay Cutler is a Very Free Agent on Mexico Vacation: ‘Good Times, No Tan Lines’
 
FROM COINAGE: Which Is Cheaper: Disneyland or Disney World?

 
“I always travel with a hydrating facial mask since the re-circulated air on a plane can really dry your skin out,” she says, adding eye cream, and water as other must-haves. “I like to bring a pair of fuzzy socks to slip into once I’ve settled in my seat to stay comfortable and Chapstick and/or lip liner.”
When Culpo isn’t strutting her stuff in foreign lands, she’s enjoying her favorite spots at home in Los Angeles, which includes grabbing a bite at restaurants like Catch, Pace, Gracias Madre and her favorite quick meal fix.
“For a fast and more casual dinner I love Sugarfish,” she says. “It is definitely my favorite sushi in L.A.”
Cory Osborne for Los Angeles Travel
RELATED: Friendly Exes! Inside Jennie Garth and Peter Facinelli’s Family Vacation (with Their Significant Others!)
On her days off, Culpo often hikes with her brother (her favorites are Runyon Canyon or Point Dume in Malibu), lies by the pool with her sister or simply spends her evenings with “a glass of champagne watching the sunset.”
Even on the road, Culpo finds happiness with the simple things.
“My ideal vacation is anything with a beach, fresh fruit, good food, hot sun, beautiful oceans, and good company!” she says.
For the full details on Culpo’s travel tips and her favorite spots back home, pick up the Winter issue of Los Angeles Travel, on newsstands now.
/n