Guy Pearce and Wife Kate Mestitz Split After 18 Years of Marriage Guy Pearce and Kate Mestitz have called it quits after 18 years of marriage. The Memento star and his wife split in January, after nearly 35 years of knowing each other. Altho.../n
Guy Pearce and Kate Mestitz have called it quits after 18 years of marriage.The Memento star and his wife split in January, after nearly 35 years of knowing each other. Although their decision to divorce is tragic, the former couple maintains that they are on good terms. In a statement released Tuesday, Pearce emphasized that he and Mestitz will continue to be close."Kate and I will always love and support one another and be the best of friends. No one knows me like Kate does, and we'll forever be appreciative of our mutual respect," he said, per the Sydney Morning Herald. "We've both grown enormously through our relationship, but sadly, the time has come to part ways."He also added to his statement on Twitter, further explaining that he and Mestitz harbor no ill will toward each other. "Rumours r true I'm afraid - Kate and I parted ways back in Jan.," he posted. "Sorry 2 be boring but we couldn't be closer. We'll love each other 4 ever xx.

To be honest, this has to be the most uplifting divorce announcement we've ever come across because not only did he say multiple times that he and Mestitz will still be friends, he also posted pictures of her and captioned them with the most heartwarming messages of all time.

Talk about friendly celeb exes!The now-ex couple met while studying at Geelong College in Victoria, Australia, in 1980. They later tied the knot in 1997 and went on to lead incredibly private lives. Pearce made a name for himself as an actor while Mestitz worked as a psychologist Down Under.They do not have any children together.We're wishing these two the best of luck in their ongoing friendship!

Pearce isn't the only guy moving on from a marriage. Watch Blake Shelton weigh in on how he's doing post-divorce from Miranda Lambert.
/n