This Is Why Chrissy Teigen Will Never Do It “Doggy Style” with John Legend Again/n





                    Chrissy Teigen Says She Had Sex on a Plane with John Legend
                







Members of the Mile High Club.

 MORE >>










                    Chrissy Teigen and John Legend Had Sex at an Obama Event
                







TMI!

 MORE >>





When it comes to sex, John Legend may be in the doghouse.

Chrissy Teigen got candid about what went on inside the bedroom in her cover story with Marie Claire. Though she has a healthy marriage with the “All of Me” crooner, the model admitted she had to think twice about doing it “doggy style” when she discovered an interesting fact about her husband.
“John and I had a double date, and we were joking around, and I go, ‘John’s never seen my butthole.’ And John says, ‘Are you kidding? Every time anyone does anything doggy style, you see a butthole. I see it every time.’ I was like, ‘We are never doing it doggy style again,” she shared.
However, the 31-year-old — who welcomed daughter Luna in April 2016 — is open to other positions though. After all, she does want to have more kids!
“I would definitely adopt or have foster children. But I loved being pregnant,” she admitted. “Maybe I should be scared [of having postpartum depression again], but I don’t know. It couldn’t be any worse than it was–could it?”





CREDIT: Michelangelo Di Battista/Maire Claire


Earlier this year, Chrissy revealed she had been taking medication for postpartum depression since giving birth to her first child.
“I couldn’t figure out why I was so unhappy. I blamed it on being tired and possibly growing out of the role: ‘Maybe I’m just not a goofy person anymore. Maybe I’m just supposed to be a mom,'” she recalled in an essay in Glamour. “I started taking an antidepressant, which helped. And I started sharing the news with friends and family—I felt like everyone deserved an explanation, and I didn’t know how else to say it other than the only way I know: just saying it. It got easier and easier to say it aloud every time.”
She added, “I love John and Luna more than I can imagine loving anything, and John and I still hope to give Luna a few siblings. Postpartum hasn’t changed that.”





CREDIT: Michelangelo Di Battista/Maire Claire


/n