Benghazi Victim’s Grieving Mother Wants Hillary In Prison!/n
Hillary Clinton should be in prison! That’s what the mother of a diplomat who was killed in the 2012 Benghazi attack is claiming in a bombshell new video.
Appearing Tuesday on Fox News, Patricia Smith called out the former secretary of state for being a “liar” and putting her son in “harm’s way.”
Sean Smith was a U.S. State Department official who was murdered in the 2012 attack, along with three other Americans. In the interview, Smith claimed her son reported that he was expecting an attack of some kind and she said “nothing” happened and “nobody helped” save him.
PHOTOS: Hillary Clinton & Late Secret Lover Vince Foster: What Really Happened In 16 Clicks
Clinton has recently come under fire after a report released by House Republicans claimed that the presumptive Democratic nominee ignored intelligence that could have saved lives prior to the attack.
In response to the report, Clinton said it was “time to move on” since it “failed to produce new information to suggest the former secretary of state was at fault,” NBC News reported.
“It is definitely not time to move on,” Smith said. “It has not been dealt with. All they said, all they reported, I imagine, I haven’t seen the report yet, but all the reporting is what Hillary told them. And I say she lied to them.”
PHOTOS:On The Warpath! Hillary Clinton’s Secret Violent ‘Rages’ Exposed In New Tell-All: Shattered Glasses, Smashed Cellphones & More!
When asked what would help with her closure, Smith said “I would like to see Hillary in stripes.”
She said Clinton “ought to be made to acknowledge what she did, and she has not. So far all she has done is lied and people are believing her.”
Smith said she spoke with Clinton directly after the death of her son. She was told the attack was incited by a video mocking Islam. But this explanation did not suffice. When Smith tried calling the State Department to speak with Clinton, she was denied any further information.
“Hillary, I’m waiting for what you promised me,” Smith said. “All I heard was you getting on TV, calling me a liar. That’s not true, Hillary. I am not the liar. You are the liar.”
  /n