Nick Gordon Hyperventilates in ‘Dr. Phil’ Clip as Bobbi Kristina Brown’s Cousin Claims She Was ‘Murdered’/n





                    Nick Gordon Storms Out
                







Here&#x27;s your first look at Nick Gordon&#x27;s interview.

 MORE >>





With just one day to go before Nick Gordon’s much-talked about Dr. Phil interview, CBS has rolled out yet another teaser, this time featuring Gordon crying over Bobbi Kristina Brown and her mother, Whitney Houston.

“Mom I lost the most legendary singer ever and I’m scared to lose Krissi,” Gordon says in the clip, released Tuesday morning.


Public Vigil in Georgia for Bobbi Kristina Brown








































7 Photos »


After Dr. Phil McGraw suggests “medical supervisory,” aka. rehab, and that the 25-year-old should clean up and “man up,” Gordon snaps back.
“I’ve been so strong for so many people for so long,” he says. “So please don’t tell me to man up.”
In an interview with The Associated Press this week, McGraw says Gordon checked into rehab immediately after the show’s taping. According to Dr. Phil, Gordon was “clearly in an altered state of consciousness. I asked him if he was sober, and he said, ‘No.’”





The Dr. Phil clip comes one day after Bobbi Kristina’s cousin, Jerod Brown, posted a Facebook message pointing fingers at her aunt Pat Houston.

“Auntie Whitney was murdered not drowned. That’s a fact. Now the whole bathroom plot shows up again w/ Bobbi Kristina’s situation. C’mon are you people that bold to try to perform this act again on my family. And the public believes whatever these people put in their faces, i mean it is convincing if you’re not on the inside. However, I will let it be known Kristina has always had suspicion about Pat Houston. Soon evidence will be handed over to assist this investigation.”

Jerod is the same cousin who supposedly helped organize a public vigil for Bobbi Kristina in early February and just last week, confirmed he had no part in the reality series family members have been filming around her hospitalization.
Last month, Bobby Brown’s lawyers released a statement saying Jerod Brown “must be disregarded.”
“Please do not attend any ‘meet and greet’ organized by Jerod Brown as he is unable to provide access to Bobbi Kristina or information on her condition. This is a criminal investigation and we do not need this side show.” [via Us Weekly]


The Legendary Career of Whitney Houston








































9 Photos »


Meanwhile, Leolah Brown, another aunt of Bobbi Kristina’s, wrote an open letter to Dr. Phil on Facebook over the weekend claiming that Gordon is “under investigation for the attempted murder of my niece” and that the TV host should not provide a platform for Gordon to speak on.
Bobbi Kristina has been in a medically induced coma at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta, Ga., since being found facedown and unresponsive in a bathtub at her home. The 22-year-old suffered “violent seizures” in late February when doctors tried to take her off certain medications and out of the coma.





 
/n