Lunatic Live Streams Twisted Killing Spree — Shot Down By Police!/n
A rampaging murderer shot his way through the Southwest and live-streamed his twisted killings on Facebook before being fatally shot by police on Sunday.
Michael Dale Vance, 38, launched his killing spree by hacking his aunt and uncle to death in an Oklahoma mobile park on October 23 and THEN getting into a wild shootout with cops who responded to the scene — wounding both.
The gun-wielding maniac — who was also wounded in the wild firefight — then stole into the bleeding officers patrol car and sped off to continue his insane rampage!
PHOTOS: Secret Murders, Frozen Bodies & More! Hollywood’s 15 Most Bizarre Conspiracy Theories EXPOSED
“This is a man who has indicated a total propensity to kill people, to injure people, shoot people,” said Oklahoma County Sheriff John Whetsel. “He has no care for human life whatsoever.”
That was borne out when he ditched the police car and shot a woman before fleeing her car and shooting yet another man in a vicious carjacking about 30 miles from the Texas border.
All the while he continued to offer up sick broadcasts documenting his demented handiwork!
PHOTOS: Cyber Crime! 10 Gruesome Murders With Killers All Linked Through The Internet
In the disturbing videos, Vance is seen in a blood-soaked shirt while driving the police cruiser and says he’s been shot — before proudly displaying a rifle in the seat next to him.
“Letting y’all know, look, this is real,” he says in the video, according to The Associated Press. “If you want to know what’s up next, stay tuned to your local news.”
In another clip, he boasts: “That’s the real deal. This s—t ain’t a joke, this ain’t a prank. I’m going f—ing live!”
PHOTOS: Inside The Murder Den! Omar Mateen’s Florida Apartment Exposed
But it all came to an end on Sunday when Vance opened fire on Dewey County Sheriff Clay Sander after the officer unknowingly stopped him along a rural and dark highway.
He was fatally shot 30 minutes later by an Oklahoma state trooper near Leedey.
“The manhunt is over,” wrote Ellis County Sheriff Shane Booth in a Facebook post. “Unfortunately one officer was shot and he is one of my best friends.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n