This Is What Chris Soules Has to Say About His Fatal Car Crash/n





                    Chris Soules Deletes Instagram After Fatal Car Crash
                







What's he hiding?

 MORE >>





Chris Soules is speaking out for the first time since his car accident that left one man dead.

“My family and I are overwhelmed with this tragedy, but we are sticking together and we’ll get through it,” the 35-year-old Bachelor alum told InTouch.
Soules was behind the wheel of his 2008 Chevrolet truck on Monday (Apr. 24, 2017) when he crashed into a John Deere tractor driven by 66-year-old Kenneth Mosher, sending both vehicles into roadside ditches. The reality star reportedly checked the victim’s pulse, but fled the scene on foot after dialing 911. He was taken into police custody five hours later at his Arlington, Iowa home.
Since then, Soules posted $10,000 for bail. Upon his release from jail, he deleted his Instagram account.




chris soules' booking photo 

CREDIT: Buchanan County Sheriffs Office via Getty Images


Robert Roepke, whose daughter is married to the victim’s son, came to Soules’ defense and told People in a statement:
“I believe it was a very tragic, sad accident that took the life of a guy that was just coming home from work. This is corn planting time, the best time of the year for a farmer. Kenny was working on one of the farms just a little north of Aurora and I think he was just coming home. For Chris, what happened was just a freak accident.”
Though Soules was allegedly in possession of alcoholic beverages in his car, Roepke attested that Soules is a dedicated farmer from a “good family.”
“He’s got a great life ahead of him,” Roepke added. “This is a serious bump in the road and I don’t know about his [alleged] alcohol issue but I just know that this was a huge mistake. It’s something he’s going to have to deal with for the rest of his life. It just ended very tragically.”
Soules is scheduled to appear in court on May 2.


Celebrity Mugshots of 2016








































7 Photos »


/n