Chip & Joanna BLAST Controversial Church After Explosive Homophobia Scandal/n
Chip and Joanna Gaines have been vocal about their passion for the Antioch Community Church, but now they may be leaving their faith behind for ratings!
Shortly after it was revealed that the church has a strong anti-LGBT stance, Chip tweeted that he would still attend the church’s services.
But, now that Fixer Upper has started to film for another season — the family could be changing their minds!
PHOTOS: ‘Game Of Thrones’ Star Lena Headey Buys $790K Fixer-Upper In The Valley — So Much For Being Broke!





 Season five filming starts today!! I'm letting Chip drive today and he's real happy about that… #fixerupper @hgtv
A photo posted by Joanna Stevens Gaines (@joannagaines) on Dec 8, 2016 at 12:10pm PST



“This past year has been tough,” Chip began in a blog post. “In my lifetime, I can’t recall humanity being more divided. Plenty of folks are sad and scared and angry and there are sound bites being fed to us that seem fueled by judgement, fear and even hatred. Jo and I refuse to be baited into using our influence in a way that will further harm an already hurting world, this is our home. A house divided cannot stand.”
“If there is any hope for all of us to move forward, to heal and to grow – we have got to learn to engage people who are different from us with dignity and with love,” he continued. “Joanna and I have personal convictions. One of them is this: we care about you for the simple fact that you are a person, our neighbor on planet earth. It’s not about what color your skin is, how much money you have in the bank, your political affiliation, sexual orientation, gender, nationality or faith. That’s all fascinating, but it cannot add or take away from the reality that we’re already pulling for you. We are not about to get in the nasty business of throwing stones at each other, don’t ask us to cause we won’t play that way. In 2017: We have decided to change the conversation.”
PHOTOS: Farrah Abraham Calls Blac Chyna A ‘Monkey’ In Racist Social Media Rant
“This living out loud thing is not for the faint of heart,” he concluded. “Jo and I don’t want to hide, we want to live brave & bold lives and we wish that same thing for you as well. But words can cut deep and having someone misunderstand your intentions can hurt as much as just about anything. If I misjudge people and am wrong, I want to be wrong having assumed the best about them. The bottom line is, I would rather be loving than be right.”
Do you think the Gaines’ family is more concerned about ratings than their faith? Sound off in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n