Did Beyoncé and Jay-Z Spend $10 Million on Their Newborn Twins?/n
It’s that time of the week again when the celebrity weeklies hit the newsstands. To separate what’s real and rumor, we turned to our friends at Gossip Cop for the 411 on this week’s most controversial stories.

Beyoncé and Jay-Z have already spent $10 million on their newborn twins, reveals Life & Style. The magazine says they’ve spared no expense on the babies, including buying them Burberry diaper bags, Versace-designed strollers, Chanel linens for their cribs, and even “$2.5 million bejeweled pacifiers.” For what else they’ve outrageously lavished their twins with, go to Gossip Cop.
Brad Pitt is donating to charity everything Angelina Jolie bought him while they were married because it’s too painful to keep the gifts, reveals OK!. The magazine notes the mementos are “antiques, artwork and jewelry,” including a $50,000 gold watch Jolie gave him on their first wedding anniversary. For the one object he’s surprisingly keeping, see what a Pitt pal tells Gossip Cop.
Alex Rodriguez proposed to Jennifer Lopez recently in Paris, and now the singer’s in full wedding planning mode, reveals In Touch. The magazine reports Lopez’s “fairy tale” wedding will cost $3 million and will likely take place at the Palace of Versailles. For inside details about his proposal and their upcoming wedding, see what Rodriguez’s rep admits to Gossip Cop.
Taylor Swift is moving to London to be closer to her British boyfriend Joe Alwyn, reports OK!. The publication notes the singer loves Alwyn, London, and being able to “fly under the radar there” without having to deal with the paparazzi. For the exclusive on the amazing home she’s buying, see what a Swift confidante leaks to Gossip Cop.
Lady Gaga and Christian Carino are already “scouting wedding locations,” reports Life & Style. The publication says they’d like to marry “as soon as this summer” in theHamptons because  she wants to be “in nature and near the water when she says ‘I do.’” For how Carino proposed and all about her ring, see what Lady Gaga’s rep reveals to Gossip Cop.
/n