Oprah Vs. Sawyer! Caitlyn Jenner Picks Sides As She Books TV Tell-All/n
Oprah Winfrey is going to be pissed when she finds out that she lost another interview with Caitlyn Jenner to Diane Sawyer.
A source close to Caitlyn tells Radar Online that Diane has already secured the exclusive interview with the 66-year-old when her autobiography hits stands in the spring.
According to the source: “Diane and Caitlyn have become close friends since Caitlyn’s coming out as a transgender on ABC in an interview with Diane Sawyer in 2015. They talk all the time.”
“It’s tough on Diane right now as the second anniversary of her husband director Mike Nichols‘ death approaches in November,” the insider added. “Caitlyn’s an easy person to lean on. She’s a great listener. It’s one of the qualities Kris Jenner loved about her when they were married.
PHOTOS: She’s Out & About! Caitlyn Jenner In Public For First Time Since ‘Vanity Fair’ Blockbuster –– What She Did Explained In 10 Photos
“Diane is intensely private, but Caitlyn drew her out to feel free to talk, when she encouraged her to tell her all the stories about The Birdcage, one of Nichols’ most popular films. The 1996 gay-themed movie is a personal favorite of Caitlyn’s.”
ABC received the greatest ratings in over a decade when then Bruce Jenner announced during his sit down with Diane Sawyer that he was transitioning into a “she.”
Oprah has publicly expressed her disappointment over not landing that interview on numerous occasions. The famed host, along with the rest of the nation’s top television personalities, believed she might have a turn at an exclusive with Caitlyn when her book comes out, but the honor is going straight to Diane.
PHOTOS: Caitlyn Jenner Unveils Freaky Face Amid Claims Of MORE Surgery
The source says Caitlyn has told Sawyer she wants to clean up any negative information she inferred about ex Kris, including reports that the momager was “mean to him,” because it’s all water under the bridge.
In fact, Kris might even appear on the show with Caitlyn, according to the insider, “Kris had some stipulations for Caitlyn being welcomed back on Keeping Up with the Kardashians when her show, I Am Cait, flopped.”
The Jenner source reveals: “One of Kris’ conditions was to water down any negative or embarrassing stories about Kris in Caitlyn’s book. The other was to push Diane Sawyer and ABC to have Kris on the show with Caitlyn as she promotes her book. She wants to rub Diane’s nose in her closeness to Caitlyn after Diane publicly contradicted Kris about Kris’ insistence that she was never invited to appear on the program.
PHOTOS: Destroyed By Fame! ‘Sad’ Caitlyn Snubbed Again By ‘KUWTK’ Family
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n