PHOTOS: The Best, Worst & Wackiest Fashions Of The Week/n
From the red carpets of the swankiest soirees and movie premieres to the city streets, stars were dressed in the best, worst & wackiest fashions this week—and RadarOnline.com has the photos to prove it in our weekly roundup!
Click Here To See Stars Dressed In The Best, Worst & Wackiest Fashions Of The Week
Blake Lively had everyone Gossiping at Cinemacon in Las Vegas, stepping out in two sexy ensembles. After looking white hot in Dolce & Gabbana at the Warner Brothers Presentation, she ravished in a scarlet red Marchesa mini at the Big Screen Achievement Awards.PHOTOS: The Hottest Bikini Moms In Hollywood
Vanessa Hudgens may have looked fab in Alberta Ferretti at the London premiere of Sucker Punch, but her choice of streetcar shortly after had us wondering if she had been hit.
As for the wackiest look of the week, Nicki Minaj scored the title by a landslide. The sassy rapper hit the NET-A-PORTER Runway to Green at Christie’s BID to Save the Earth, wearing Alexander Wang from head to ‘Dakota’ boots—finishing the look off with a lettuce head hairdo!
PHOTOS: Bikini Wars! Sexy Songbirds Battle It Out On The Beach
Diane Kruger was also at the swanky NYC soiree, dazzling in a Jason Wu petticoat dress, which she paired with pink satin heels and a clutch from the same collection, while Keri Hilson was out in Los Angeles, bundled up in all the most awful attire from the 1980’s and 90’s for GUESS and Paper Magazine’s The Beautiful People Party.
PHOTOS: Bikini Babes At Every Age
Katie Holmes left her frumpy fashions at home and got all glammed up first lady style for the world premiere of The Kennedys in Los Angeles. Wearing a pale blue Ralph Lauren knit dress with nude strappy sandals and an ‘S’ necklace for Suri, Katie channeled Jackie O. to perfection.
Other style scores included Helen Mirren, who looked lovely in Lanvin at her Hand and Footprint Ceremony in Hollywood (wearing Salvatore Ferragamo heels and Neil Lane bling), Michelle Williams who got classy in Chanel Couture at a screening of Meek’s Cutoff and Gwyneth Paltrow, who was flying high on the fashion front with her casual duds.
PHOTOS: Bikini Wars!  Reality Show Stars Compete
Other a la mode mishaps were courtesy of David Hasselhoff, who wore an Easter Bunny like suit to the Los Angeles premiere of HOP and Hayley Williams of Paramour, who looked goth gross, while out and about in Beverly Hills.PHOTOS: Hollywood Hunks In Trunks
What other stars rocked and shocked on the fashion front this week?  Click here to find out.
RELATED STORIES:PHOTOS: When Plastic Is Not Fantastic-Stars Who Went Under The Knife And Regret It
PHOTOS: Real Or Fake?  The Bikini Wars Boob ShowdownEXCLUSIVE VIDEO: Victoria’s Secret Angels Share Sexy Secrets! /n