 Leah Remini & Ex Scientology Leader Make Shocking Child Statutory Rape Claim Against.../n
More than three years after leaving the church, Leah Remini continues to take down Scientology.
On the premiere of her new A&E series, Leah Remini: Scientology and the Aftermath, the activist actress, 46, interviewed Amy Scobee, a onetime senior Scientology executive who left the church behind in 2005.
Scobee, who founded the many Scientology Celebrity Centres during her 27 years on the church’s payroll, told friend Remini that her married boss, a 35-year-old fellow Scientologist, sexually abused her at just 14.
PHOTOS: Thetan Hatin’! From Tom & Katie To Kirstie & Maksim — Hollywood Stars Face Off Over Controversial Scientology Beliefs
“He had me stay back when everyone else left and basically we had sex,” the now author said on camera. “This was statutory rape. I was too afraid to tell anyone about it.”
Even worse, Scobee alleged, the church tried to cover up the horrific crime.
After the married man’s wife told church officials, “the organization did not tell my mother, did not tell my father…did not tell the police,” she claimed. “They didn’t tell any authorities because it would be bad P.R. for Scientology.”
Instead, Scobee accused leaders of placing the blame for the abuse on her.
PHOTOS: From ‘Prison Camp’ To Gay Discrimination: The 10 Most Shocking Claims About Scientology From HBO’s ‘Going Clear’
“It happened to me, so I must have done something that caused this,” she recalled. “I believed this.”
According to A&E, the church responded to Scobee’s allegations by claiming she is a “pathological liar” with a history of “sexual transgressions.”
Scobee went on to dish on longtime member Tom Cruise‘s bizarre relationship with the church.
“We went to extremes to make celebrities happy…It was my job to surround Tom Cruise with Scientologists on staff,” she said. “I had to hire a housekeeper, a chef. They only wanted him to be in Scientology 100 percent.”
PHOTOS: Kirstie Alley’s 30 Biggest Scandals! ‘Insane’ Drug Abuse, Steamy Affairs, Scientology Secrets & MORE
Cruise’s special treatment first led the former Celebrity Centre exec to question the church’s practices.
“When I went to the house, and there were people cleaning his house, doing his laundry, doing things for Tom personally…I saw the abuses going on,” she remembered.
On the show, Scobee reunited with her previously estranged mother, Bonny, who finally left the church years after her daughter. (They claim leaders forced the heartbroken mom to “disconnect” from her child.)
In a tragic twist, Bonny succumbed to cancer following filming with Remini.
Leah Remini: Scientology and the Aftermath airs on Tuesdays at 10 pm est.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n