LISTEN: Ariana Grande and John Legend’s Rendition of ‘Beauty and the Beast’ Will Bring a Tear to Your Eye/n





                    Emma Watson's Table Read for 'Beauty and the Beast' Will Give You Chills
                







Belle is in safe hands.

 MORE >>










                    You Will Fall in Love with the Full-Length Trailer for 'Beauty and the Beast'
                







Swoon!

 MORE >>





The song that’s as old a rhyme is getting a makeover.

The full version of Ariana Grande and John Legend’s remake of the Beauty and the Beast theme song has been released. The track, which was first previewed in the final trailer of the upcoming live-action remake, is a new rendition of Céline Dion and Peabo Bryson’s 1991 Oscar-winning duet.
Although Disney has enlisted fresh voices for the iconic tune, not much else has changed—so don’t worry, your childhood is still safe. Like in the original movie, Mrs. Potts (previously played by Angela Lansbury and now played by Emma Thompson) will sing the theatrical version of the ballad.
“Stepping into the shoes of an Oscar- and Grammy Award-winning classic is not small potatoes,” producer Ron Fair said in a statement. “But with today’s two greatest singers—John Legend and Ariana Grande—we are bringing the song back with a new school/old school fresh treatment that shows the soulfulness and power of what a great melody and lyric can inspire.”


Emma Watson's Best Looks








































26 Photos »


While Dion may not be featured in the new version of “Beauty and the Beast,” the Canadian singer is still contributing to the film’s soundtrack. She will be singing an original song written by Alan Menken and Tim Rice titled “How Does a Moment Last Forever.”
Dion wrote on her Instagram last month, “Being a part of the original film was such a magical experience in my life, and I’m truly honored to be a part of this film again.”
The Beauty and the Beast soundtrack is available March 10. Starring Emma Watson as Belle, the live-action musical opens in theaters March 17.





/n