Playboy Founder Hugh Hefner Marries His ‘Runaway Bride’/n





                    Playboy's Hugh Hefner
                







The man behind an empire.

 MORE >>





 Playboy founder Hugh Hefner finally caught-up with his ‘runaway-bride’ Crystal Harris — the couple got married on New Year’s Eve.
Hefner, 86, exchanged vows with Harris, 26, at his famous mansion in Los Angeles during a small ceremony before family and friends.
 

Top Ten celebrity playboys








































10 Photos »



Playmate pin-up Harris had left Hefner heartbroken after she called-off a lavish ceremony 18 months ago when the couple were supposed to walk down the aisle.
But this time she didn’t get ‘cold feet’ and became the publishing magnate’s third wife.

Hefner shared a picture of himself and his bride via Twitter with the message: “Crystal & I married on New Year’s Eve in the Mansion with Keith as my Best Man. Love that girl!”
 

James Franco plays Hugh Hefner








































8 Photos »



Harris took to Twitter earlier proclaiming: “Today is the day I become Mrs. Hugh Hefner. Feeling very happy, lucky, and blessed.”
Embarrassingly, Harris confessed after their last wedding collapsed that she had only been intimate with him once and that only lasted “like two seconds.”
Despite the comments, the pair reunited last May.
Harris had a Disney themed bridal shower on Dec. 19 while her best friend Ashley Matthau threw her a bachelorette party at lingerie store Femme Fatale in Studio City, Calif.
 

Shera Bechard hugh Hefner's ex-girlfriend








































35 Photos »



Hefner recently insisted he doesn’t care about the 60-year age difference between them.
He tweeted, “The dramatic age difference between difference & Crystal & me really doesn’t matter. Whatever time I have left, we want to spend together.”
The Playboy founder has been married twice previously, to Mildred Williams from 1949 to 1959 and Kimberley Conrad from 1989 to 2010.
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n