Caroline Wozniacki Says Rory McIlroy Broke Off Their Engagement by Phone "and I Didn't Hear From Him Again" Better than just a text, but still! Caroline Wozniacki, who couldn't help but be shadowed by her high-profile bre.../n
Better than just a text, but still!Caroline Wozniacki, who couldn't help but be shadowed by her high-profile breakup with golf star Rory McIlroy as she went on to enjoy a successful summer that culminated in her appearance in the U.S. Open final, has revealed a few more details about how her now ex-fiancé ended their engagement and, subsequently, their three-year relationship."I was shocked, I thought at least I would get a face-to-face or something but there was nothing," the tennis champ said during an appearance on In Depth With Graham Bensinger. "It was just a phone call and then I did not hear from him again."

"I was in a bit of a shocked phase there for a while," she admitted.The 24-year-old Danish beauty didn't dispute Bensinger's account that the call lasted about 10 minutes, during the first five of which everything seemed fine. The wedding invitations had already been sent out when, as McIlroy himself admitted, the groom-to-be realized he wasn't ready to take the plunge.And not being together seems to agree with both of them, at least in the sports department.McIlroy has won four tournaments since the breakup, including the British Open and the PGA Championship.Wozniacki won the Istanbul Cup in July, her first title of the year, and then the former world No. 1 player made it all the way to the U.S. Open final, where she was runner-up to good pal Serena Williams.

"I don't want to have my name stuck with him forever," she told the New York Times last month before the Open started. "I'm my own person. I have my own career. The years we had together were great, and unfortunately, things had to end like they did."About the sudden split, Wozniacki said, "When it comes out of the blue, that's like a shock. It's like someone dies right in front of you."Williams recalled to the Times, ""I was like, ‘No waaaay.' I was planning the bachelorette party."
/n