Judgement Day Nears — Evil Sicko Bill Cosby 'Paranoid His Food is Spiked!'/n
Disgraced Bill Cosby — who’s accused of drugging dozens of gals unconscious to sexually attack them — is now terrified someone will secretly spike his drinks or meals with poison!
The 79-year-old monster molester is so fearful, he and longtime wife Camille refused to stay in local hotels during his Philadelphia trial on charges he drugged and assaulted his then-31-year-old protégé Andrea Constand. A verdict could come as soon as Tuesday after the defense sensationally rested Monday after calling just one witness.
A verdict could come as soon as Tuesday after the defense sensationally rested Monday after calling just one witness.
“He and his wife are afraid if he stayed at a hotel, someone will find a way to poison him. Put something in his food,” said a source close to the despicable star.
PHOTOS: Bill Cosby Sexual Assault Case: Smiling Wife Camille Arrives For Deposition
He and his defense team are afraid “someone will find out which room he’s staying and they’ll put a bug or a device in the room,” added the source.
His fears are multiplied by his poor eyesight which “makes him even more vulnerable to (being) poisoned or having someone sneak into his room,” says a second family source.
As a result, he and his wife rise in the wee hours each morning at their suburban home, pack up food and fly to Philly on a private plane!
PHOTOS:Bill Cosby Spotted At Court As Sexual Assault Case Begins
Ironically, Cosby is accused of being a sexual predator who used spiked drinks to molest and rape up to 60 women.
The pervert is now so reviled, he’s become an outcast and is shunned by even his closest pals.
“Guys like Eddie Murphy, Martin Lawrence and Dave Chappelle won’t offer any support,” said the first source.
PHOTOS:Latest Statement: Gloria Allred Deposed Bill Cosby For Seven Hours In Playboy Mansion Sexual Assault Case, Reveals Plans To Release Transcript!
Even the pals he worked with to advance civil rights have dropped him.
“Jesse Jackson claims to have forgotten Bill’s number,” says the source.
The only celeb on his witness list is actress Diahann Carroll, 81, who appeared on his show.
“Everyone says any affiliation is too toxic.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n