Hamilton Hypocrites! PROOF Cast Members Who Slammed Mike Pence Don't Vote/n
Cast members for the hit Broadway show Hamilton had no problem mouthing off to Vice President-Elect Mike Pence, but RadarOnline.com has learned that some of them don’t express their political opinions where it really counts, at the ballot box! A Radar investigation revealed that some of the opinionated actors in the play about America’s founding fathers neglected to vote in past presidential elections.
President-elect Trump has demanded the cast apologize for “harassing” his right hand man with a fiery speech about civil rights onstage after Friday night’s performance.
Certified results for the 2016 presidential election are not available, so it’s unclear whether these actors made such a stand with their ballots.
But records obtained by Radar show that some of the cast haven’t voted in national elections in 10 years – if at all!
PHOTOS: President Trump! The 8 Most Shocking Moments Of America’s Wildest Night EVER
Records show that Brandon Dixon, who plays Vice President Aaron Burr and read the offending cast statement to Pence, didn’t even vote in the 2012 presidential election!
Javier Muñoz, who plays the title role of Hamilton, registered to vote in 2006, and voted that year, but hasn’t since.
Seth Stewart, who plays Thomas Jefferson, voted in the 2008 presidential election but then used his constitutional rights to skip out in 2012, according to his voting record.
Anthony Ramos Martinez, who plays Hamilton’s eldest son Philip, registered to vote in 2012. But the 25-year-old hasn’t ventured into the voting booth since then.
PHOTOS: Top 10 Moments From Megyn Kelly’s Explosive Donald Trump Interview
Nigerian-born actor Okieriete “Oak” Onaodowan, who portray James Madison, registered to vote in 2005 and also failed to cast a vote after that.
The cast still has not apologized since the incident, but Pence insisted on Fox News Sunday this weekend, “I wasn’t offended.”
President-Elect Trump, however, did not back down in his criticism, tweeting Sunday, “The cast and producers of Hamilton, which I hear is highly overrated, should immediately apologize to Mike Pnece for their their terrible behavior.”
Dixon had said, “We, sir, we are the diverse America who are alarmed and anxious that your new administration will not protect us, our planet, our children, our parents, or defend us and uphold our inalienable rights. We truly hope that this show has inspired you to uphold our American values and to work on behalf of all of us.”
Do you think the cast of Hamilton was out of line or simply exercising their rights? Let us know in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n