PHOTOS: Rihanna's Funky Fall Fashion Secrets/n
Rihanna always thinks outside of the box when it comes getting dressed for her daily duties, incorporating the hottest trends of the moments with her own unique style. The past few weeks the sassy singer has been spotted out and about in NYC and London, rocking several attention grabbing ensembles with her bright red ‘do.  Though not all of us can pull off Rihanna’s funky fashions (or her hair!) there are definitely lessons to be learned from the fierce fashionista.
PHOTOS: Rihanna’s Funky Fall Fashion
The leather legging look is so haute right now, and while most of us don’t have $800 + to spend on the fall fashion trend, Rihanna discovered that J Brand has an economical option.  On September 28th the singer looked super stylin’ in a pair of the denim brand’s Agnes zippered pants, which have the same effect as luxe leather, but only cost $260. Paired with a cuffed denim shirt, a leopard scarf, Lanvin ankle strap heels and a single driving glove, the singer was dressed to impress.  This look can be easily duplicated at home, with your own denim shirt, printed scarf and any glove.
PHOTOS: Get The Fashion Week Look For (A Lot!) Less
The army look is definitely all around this season and Rihanna has mastered the trend. On September 27th she was spotted wearing a short-sleeved camouflage anorak over a black cardigan dress and bulky grey sweater.  Want to steal her look?  Check out your local military surplus store, where you can find a camouflage jacket for next to nothing.  Cut the sleeves off with a pair of scissors and roll them up, layering your cropped-sleeved creation over a bulky sweater and little black dress.  Add a pair of tights, black boots, and viola!
PHOTOS: Katy Perry’s Sassy Fashion
Though her bright red hair tends to clash with any color she adds to the mix, Rihanna definitely knows how to pick a flattering blazer.  Leaving her hotel on September 28th, the singer looked spunky in a bright red blazer and black and white striped skirt.  Our favorite addition to the look, was her multi-chain and blinged out necklace look, which perfectly matched her metallic heels.  We found an almost identical necklace from Lisa Freede, which will add some sass and sparkle to any of your fall ensembles. The $78 statement piece is the perfect investment for your wardrobe.
See all of Rihanna’s funky fall looks by checking out the gallery in Style. /n