Mila Kunis Talks Falling in Love with Ashton Kutcher and Sleeping with Him for the First Time/n





                    Pregnant Mila Kunis Shows Off Short New Hairdo at 'Bad Moms' Premiere
                







Pregnancy suits Mila Kunis.

 MORE >>





With another baby on the way, Mila Kunis took some time to reminisce about how she and husband Ashton Kutcher fell in love, and it is nothing like you may have imagined.
Despite actually growing up with each other while starring on the hit sitcom That 70’s Show, Kunis insists she and Kutcher never had any romantic feelings towards each other. But that all changed almost a decade later when Kunis ran into Kutcher at an award show.
“I see this guy and I see his back and he’s really tall,” Kunis told Howard Stern during an interview. “Then he just turns around and it was literally like if we were in a movie, the music would start playing and the violins would go… I think for the first time ever he took my breath away… I was like fuck, he’s good looking.”


Ashton Kutcher and Mila Kunis Watch the Warriors Beat the Cavaliers in Game 2 of the 2016 NBA Finals








































7 Photos »


While Kutcher may have taken Kunis’ breath away at the award show, their romance didn’t really begin until he invited her to his housewarming — with the intention of setting her up with one of his friends!
“Long story short, I didn’t leave until the next morning,” she joked, explaining that even when she tried Kutcher wouldn’t let her leave. “[It was the] the first time I ever slept over while I was single.”
After finally hooking up after more than 10 years of friendship, they couple tried to take things slow and even modeled their relationship after their movies Friends with Benefits and No Strings Attached. “We were both in agreement, shook hands, this is just fun,” she recalled before adding. “Three months later, it wasn’t so fun anymore.”
And the rest is history! Now the couple, who’d both sworn off marriage, have been married for a year and are parents to 18-month-old Wyatt Isabelle with another baby on the way.
Listen to the entire interview below.



Ashton Kutcher and Mila Kunis Attend 'The Ranch' Screening








































19 Photos »


/n