2012 Grammy Awards: Get The 5 Hottest Hair Looks Of The Night!/n
By Leah Ornstein – Radar Style & Beauty Editor
Which Billboard chart-toppers had the best ‘dos at the 2012 Grammy Awards?
Meet Theodore Leaf, celebrity hairstylist, the youngest correspondent ever on Bravo’s Shear Genius and RadarOnline.com’s guest beauty blogger. The Los Angeles based hair guru has picked out his five favorite looks of the night, as well as gives tips on how to get the look, in this special beauty feature!PHOTOS: Grammy Awards’ Top Hairstyles 
Adele was the big winner of the evening, sweeping all of the six awards she was nominated for – and she also scored points for her gorgeous hair!
“This hairstyle was just heaven on Adele and I can tell this girl knows what she likes, volume,” exclaims Leaf, who currently is based at Sally Hershberger Los Angeles. To get tips on how to get Adele’s look, click here.
PHOTOS: The Best, Worst & Wackiest Fashions At The 2012 Grammy Awards
Leaf also loved country cuties Carrie Underwood and Taylor Swift!
“I always love this silhouette on Carrie it just does everything for her. And she surprised us with this great braid in the back the combination created one of my favorite looks of the night,” he gushed. To get tips on how to get Carrie’s look, click here.
PHOTOS: The Best, Worst & Wackiest Fashions Of The Grammy Awards Over The Years
And on Swift, “This top-knot was quite a refreshing change for the always curly country star. The best part about this red carpet stunner is that it is easy to re-create yourself.” To get tips on how to get Taylor’s look, click here.
Leaf’s other favorite hair looks included Alicia Keys and Kate Beckinsale.
PHOTOS: Stars Arrive At The 2012 Grammy Awards
To see all Theodore Leaf’s favorite hair looks from the 2012 Grammy Awards, click here.
RELATED STORIES:
Jennifer Hudson Sings ‘I Will Always Love You’ For Whitney Houston Tribute
LL Cool J Prays For Whitney Houston At Grammy Awards
Lorazepam & Valium Found In Whitney Houston’s Hotel Room
Whitney Houston’s Autopsy Results To Be Kept Secret — Case Placed On Security Hold /n