LiLo's New Digs -- Next Door to Sam Ronson/nLindsay Lohan's new place in Venice, CA doesn't just have great views ... it's also conveniently located right next door to her ex-girlfriend Samantha Ronson. Location! Location! Location!In fact, Ronson pulled into her pad during Lohan's move-in yesterday and the DJ wanted to make it crystal clear,  "Trust me, it wasn't planned. "As Ronson tried to get out of her Venice, CA pad yesterday -- photogs tried to ask about the situation ... but a frustrated Sam replied,  "Dude, I'm way too pissed off right now. "Why's she so pissed? Well, for starters ... she could barely get out of her garage yesterday -- because she was blocked by Lohan's moving van. Lindsay's renting the 3,100 sq. foot place in Venice, CA for just under $7,100 a month -- and it comes with 4 bedrooms, 4 toilets and an awesome view. The place is practically brand new -- it was built in 2007.     Shania Twain's Wedding Day!  The official photos from Shania Twain's New Year's Day wedding to Frederic Thiebaud are here -- and she looks absolutely stunning.Wearing Calvin Klein shoes, Lorraine Schwartz jewelry and a dress from a boutique in Switzerland, Shania looks gorgeous with her man -- who was also wearing white.The two married at sunset in Puerto Rico on Saturday, January 1 in front of 40 people. Shania's 9-year-old son, Eja, escorted her down the aisle.Click on the gallery to zoom in on the wedding day fashion!    Justin Bieber & Selena Gomez Kiss Off the New Year  Selena Gomez, 18, enjoyed some underage tender smooches -- and booty grabs -- with her topless 16-year-old boyfriend Justin Bieber while on a yacht in the Caribbean this weekend.Nothing like some PDAs to up your teen super-couple status.    Whose Holding This Adorable Doggie? Can you guess which singing stud was spotted picking up his cute pooch from the vet yesterday?Dog gone adorable.    FAB FOTOS! Sexy Stars Vacationing in Miami!  A slew of celebs descended upon Miami over the holidays--some in skimpy bikinis, others opting for a more covered-up look. But from dreamy dudes like Sean Penn, Tom Felton and Lance Armstrong, to bikini babes like Chloe Sevigney and Francesca Versace, the mercury in Miami never rose so high before!    Celebrity Scramble!  Can you guess which famous female was given a nasty celebrity scramble?    What's the Big Frigin' Difference?! Focus in on these tricky pics -- 'cause there are some super stealthy differences waiting to be spotted.**HINT -- There are THREE differences in the above photograph!**/n