Miranda Lambert Receives Backlash for Flaunting Her Christmas Gift/n





                    Miranda Lambert 'Will Not Put up with Your Sh*t'
                







A.k.a don't pick between her and Blake Shelton.

 MORE >>





Miranda Lambert got slammed for flaunting a fur coat.
The country singer took to Instagram on Saturday (Dec. 26, 2015) to share a photo of herself bundled up in one of two fur coats she received as gifts from her grandmother.“I’m so fancy… You already know,” she wrote, quoting Iggy Azalea’s hit song “Fancy.” “My Nonny gave me two of her fur coats! I definitely know where I got my love for DIAMONDS, FUR and WHISKEY! #familytradition #grandmatreasures #besthandmedownever #wandathewanderer #bringitwinter.”



A photo posted by Miranda Lambert (@mirandalambert) on Dec 26, 2015 at 8:24am PST


While some fans complimented Lambert’s look, many others blasted her for promoting fur.”I’m really surprised that you would promote such a cruel industry.” one person said. “I thought you were an animal lover but obviously I was wrong,”
Even PETA has commented on her Christmas gift. “We had higher hopes. Since Miranda rescues dogs, we always thought she could see that whether fur comes from a mink, a fox, or a dog or a cat in China, the source is always a gentle animal who did not want to die,” PETA Senior Vice President Lisa Lange said in a statement to E! News.


Miranda, Blake & More Celebrity Splits of 2015








































55 Photos »


Lambert didn’t address the criticisms directly, but did follow up her initial post with another one. She shared a photo of she and her grandmother, Wanda Coker, as well as a photo close-up of the lining of the coat that showed off the jacket’s embroidery.



Her name embroidered inside is priceless. A family heirloom I will cherish forever. I’m so thankful for her and all the things I have learned from her. Nonny is strong, beautiful, feisty and most of all, loving. #grandmastreasures #diamondsfurandwhiskey #wandathewanderer
A photo posted by Miranda Lambert (@mirandalambert) on Dec 26, 2015 at 9:42am PST



/n