‘Pretty Little Liars’ Episode ‘Don’t Look Now’ Recap: Is Charles Really Dead?/n





                    Is 'Pretty Little Liars' Ending After Season 6?
                







Last Season?

 MORE >>





Pretty Little Liars was extra intense last night, and we have all of the episode details. 


At the end of last week’s episode, Mr. DiLaurentis (Jim Abele) started explaining who Charles is to his kids, Jason (Drew Van Acker)  and Alison (Sasha Pieterse). This week’s “Don’t Look Now” episode was all about putting the pieces together.


Ashley Benson on the Cover of 'Cosmo'




























4 Photos »


Mr. DiLaurentis tells his kids that Charles was born 15 months before Jason. “Your mother and I knew he was troubled at an early age,” he tells them. He then goes on to say that they took him to “the best doctors and therapists” but they didn’t know what was wrong with him. Then, Mr. DiLaurentis tells the kids that by the time Alison was one it was “too dangerous” to keep Charles in the house so they had him institutionalized at Radley.
Alison then says that Charles is responsible for setting her up for Mona’s murder and for kidnapping her friends, but her father tells her that Charles “couldn’t have done that.” Why? Because Charles is dead. Alison tells Hanna (Ashley Benson), Emily (Shay Mitchell), Spencer (Troian Bellisario) and Aria (Lucy Hale) that Charles committed suicide when he was 16 and that he didn’t leave Radley. After his death, Alison says her mom had him cremated.


'Pretty Little Liars' Star Ian Harding Drops $700K On This Hollywood Retreat








































28 Photos »


The PLLs think that Alison’s dad is lying to Alison and Jason about Charles, but they need proof. Radley has since closed down, so the PLLs spend the episode trying to find more information about Charles. They end up finding Charles’ Radley file, and see that Alison’s great aunt Carol visited him while he was at Radley.
Carol has passed on, but Alison, Jason, Spencer and Hanna go to Carol’s to check out the place after Jason reveals that his mom wouldn’t let him stay there last year. At the house, the group finds Charles’ grave, which could mean that he wasn’t cremated and he might actually be buried there at Carol’s house. But, they don’t see a body, because they won’t let Hanna dig up the grave.
Spencer comes up with a new theory, “A” is someone Charles knew during his time at Radley.
At the end of the episode, Mr. DiLaurentis tells Alison that when she was 11 months old, he put her in her crib to take a nap and went outside. When he came back she was in a tub with scolding hot water, screaming. Charles was standing there watching it happen.
To recap this entire episode, we still don’t know 100 percent that Charles is dead. This tweet sums it up pretty well:


No body. No proof. Capiche? #PrettyLittleLiars
— Pretty Little Liars (@LittleLiars) June 24, 2015

Did you miss the premiere episode? Watch the video below to see what happened!

/n