What Gwen Doesn't Know: Blake Shelton Is Hiding Shameful Family Secrets From Stefani/n
Blake Shelton‘s family tree is full of rotten apples — and their dark secrets could tear his relationship with Gwen Stefani apart! That’s the fear of sources close to the couple, after RadarOnline.com uncovered that the country superstar’s relatives have a sleazy past of DUI busts, infidelity, and even worse.
That’s the fear of sources close to the couple, after RadarOnline.com uncovered that the country superstar’s relatives have a sleazy past of DUI busts, infidelity, and even worse.
PHOTOS: Cheerless Marriage — Miranda Lambert Battling Blake Shelton Over His Boozing, Admits They’re ‘Going In Separate Ways’
Shelton has already divorced first wife, Kaynette Gern (in 2006), and country star Miranda Lambert (in 2015). And his parents may have set a bad example when it comes to marriage.
In their divorce papers, Shelton’s father claimed Dorothy began “dating and spending all night on numerous occasions … living with at his place… a third party who is married!”
PHOTOS: Blake & Gwen Caught At Stefani’s Parents’ House On Christmas
In addition, Radar has discovered exclusive documents that show that Shelton’s former stepbrother was allegedly busted for booze.
Terrell Delozier — whose mom, Terrie, was married to Shelton’s dad until his death in 2012 — was arrested for DUI in 2003, when he wasn’t even 21.
Delozier got off with a six-month deferred sentence, but went on to be arrested twice in 2010 — on weapons and drug charges, along with public intoxication.
READ The Explosive Court Documents!
Last year, he was charged with attempting to elude police after he reportedly fled on foot when a witness described him as “messed up on something” while driving.
Do you think that Blake and Gwen will still make it despite his family’s dark past? Let us know in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n