Hilary Duff: It ‘Sucks’ Being Divorced/n





                    Hilary Duff Kisses New Boyfriend Matthew Koma Amid Ex-Husband's Sexual Battery Investigation
                







Hilary Duff only has love on her mind.

 MORE >>










                    Hilary Duff Feels Like She Was Judged for Having a Baby 'Too Soon'
                







The actress shares her thoughts about young moms.

 MORE >>





Even though Hilary Duff is in a happy relationship these days, she still thinks being a divorcée totally blows.

In the latest issue over Redbook, the Younger star opened up about her split with ex-husband Mike Comrie, who is currently under investigation for sexual battery. Having finalized the divorce last February after five years of marriage, Duff discovered that being a co-parent is harder than she thought it would be.
“Some of my friends tell me, ‘God, it must be so nice, you get a break from your kid because you share him,” she said of their custody agreement for their 4-year-old son, Luca. “I’m divorced, and it sucks. Well, it did suck for a while; now it’s just normal.”
“But it’s true, I do get a break,” she added. “I had Luca by myself for a few weeks, no help, when Mike was on the road, and when he got home I was like, ‘He’s yours! Bye!'”





CREDIT: Eric Ray Davidson


Another thing the 29-year-old couldn’t stand was being constantly asked about expanding her family. “I’ve gotten over the fact that I’m not going to have a baby that’s close in age with Luca. It sucked when everyone would be like, ‘When are you having another?’ I’d be like, ‘Do you know what’s happening right now? I’m not having another.'” she shared. “I’m cherishing the now. Besides, watch: I’ll probably get some evil spawn of Hilary the next time around.”
As for dating, Duff admitted it was tough being a single girl before making it official with current boyfriend Matthew Koma. She confessed, “I never think being single sucks until I go out in L.A. with my girlfriends and the options are terrible. I really attract the old men!”
Prior to Koma, the actress was previously linked to fitness trainer Jason Walsh. The couple dated for a few months last year before calling it quits in November 2016.


Hilary Duff kisses Ex-Husband Mike Comrie Goodbye








































21 Photos »


/n