Here’s Why Eva Mendes and Ryan Gosling Named Their Daughters ‘Amada’/n





                    Eva Mendes Explains Daughter Esmeralda's Name
                







The meaning behind the moniker. 

 MORE >>










                    Ryan Gosling Talks Being a Feminist Role Model for Baby Esmeralda 
                







Dad of the year right here.

 MORE >>





Eva Mendes may have kept her two pregnancies with Ryan Gosling a secret from the public, but the mom-of-two is now opening up about her family. In the latest issue of Latina magazine, she dishes about her two daughters — Esmeralda Amada and Amada Lee — and why they share a name.

“My grandmother’s name is Amada, and Esmeralda Amada is the name of our oldest. We had a few names picked out for our new baby, and when she was born, we didn’t feel like those names were her,” Mendes explains. “We came up with a few more, even that morning, and tried them out. We were like, ‘What about Viviana?’ But we just kept going back to Amada. In true Latin fashion, we reuse names all the time.”
“I actually told Ryan, ‘This is common in Latin culture, so it wouldn’t be crazy.’ So we went with Amada because it was something we kept going back to,” she continues. “And it was an emotional time with the passing of my brother. We thought how beautiful to go with what made us emotional and with what felt like her. When we looked at her, we thought, ‘Aww, Amadita.'”





CREDIT: Latina Magazine


The same week Mendes welcomed her youngest child, she lost her older brother to Carlos to cancer. According to 42-year-old, the passing only made her family bonds stronger than ever.
“Losing my brother brought our family closer, and we were already close to begin with. So to just see everybody be there for one another and show up, I feel so lucky to have them,” she says. “And then they were there for me when Amada was born. We had a funeral service for him and that same week I had the baby. So it was really, really intense and obviously beyond heart-breaking, but also kind of beautiful.”
For Mendes, she wants to focus on raising her two girls for now. Though she’s also a creative director for beauty brand Circa, the actress admits a project will have to be pretty special for her to devote her time away from her family.





CREDIT: Latina Magazine


“My older little girl is not yet 2 years old. My little one is still an infant, and right now it’s really about surviving those nights and trying to enjoy this time as much as possible with them, and start the bond between Esmeralda and Amada,” she tells the magazine. “It’s a really, really special time. I’m loving it. “
“I’m not sure, but it would definitely take something really special,” she says, when asked how long she sees herself taking a break from acting. “I don’t like saying ‘take me away,’ but essentially that’s what work does. I think it can be very, very healthy if it’s something that feels worthwhile. Right now I feel very fortunate to be home with my kids. I feel so lucky, and I’m just taking advantage of that.”





CREDIT: Latina Magazine


As of now, Mendes is enjoying motherhood and teaching her daughters about her Cuban heritage.
“We’re constantly playing Cuban music. I speak to them in Spanish, and my mom speaks to Esmeralda in Spanish. Well, now she speaks to both of them in Spanish,” Mendes says. “Any time I have an opportunity to introduce her or them—I have to say ‘them’ now, though my newborn just sleeps all the time—to my culture, whether it’s through music, or through food, I do. That is a main priority, for sure.”





CREDIT: Latina Magazine


/n