 Kate Middleton's Not The First In Nude Scandal! Other Royals Who Have Been Caught Undressed.../n
By Radar Staff
It seems the British Royals can’t catch a break from camera lenses in recent weeks with Kate Middleton’s topless picture scandal hot on the heels of a naked Prince Harry living it up in Vegas.
But the young Royals can take solace in the fact that they are not the first ones in their regal family to get caught in uncompromising positions by a shutterbug.
PHOTOS: 20 Years Of Royals Caught In Nude Photo
Twenty years ago Sarah Ferguson caused embarrassment to the Windsors when she was photographed having her toes sucked by Texan financier John Bryan while lying around topless on a sun chair in the South of France just months after her official separation from Prince Andrew. The shocking images were the final nail in the coffin to her marriage to the Duke of York.
And in 1994, Paris Match and German paper Bild, published naked pictures of Prince Charles taken as he took a vacation at a chateau near Avignon, again in France.
The heir to the throne was seen standing by a window in all of his royal glory after going for a swim and just had a white robe tossed over his shoulder.
PHOTOS: William And Kate’s High Flying Rainforest Adventure
And even the elder royals have had their share of blushes including just earlier this month when Prince Philip was caught out as he sat wearing his kilt at the Highland Games in Scotland. And in the traditional manner did not wear any underwear beneath the Scottish garb which allowed a snapper to get a clear shot of the 91-year-old’s crown jewels.
Other shocking pictures of the Royals include those taken just days before Princess Diana’s death in 1997 when images were snapped of her in a passionate clinch with boyfriend Dodi Fayed on a yacht in the French Riviera.
 
RELATED STORIES:
PHOTOS: 10 Stars Involved In Nude Photo Scandals 
Kate Middleton Gives Hopeful Speech In Malaysia: ‘Lives Can Be Transformed’
PHOTOS: Prince Harry Hits The London Clubs
Media Blitz Surrounding Prince Harry Arrival In Afghanistan Makes Him Al-Qaeda Target /n