Alexis Bellino Claims 'Malibu Country' Controversy Was Big Misunderstanding/n
The Malibu Country controversy has played a major storyline on the Real Housewives of Orange County this season, but Alexis Bellino claims her involvement was just one big misunderstanding, and RadarOnline.com has all the details.
Last episode the girls took a trip to Lydia McLaughlin‘s hometown in Whistler, British Columbia — but Heather Dubrow could only go for a short hours because she was leaving for a role on Reba McEntire‘s show — but that’s when the feud between her and Gretchen Rossi began, Alexis claims.
“When we got on the bus to ride to the hotel and I found out the reason Heather was leaving was for a role on Reba McEntire’s show, I was happy for her! I did not know anything about Gretchen getting a phone call from Reba’s agent, and I didn’t know that Gretchen and Heather were already arguing about this,” Alexis wrote Tuesday morning on her Bravo blog.
“Remember I couldn’t stay for Tamra‘s dress shopping dinner, which is where all of this news was delivered. Although it seemed like I knew they were all having a conversation about it, I can assure you I did not hear it.
PHOTOS: Punches! Hair Pulling & Drunken Battles! The 13 Nastiest Fights EVER On Real Housewives
“So when I say that I received a call from Reba’s agent too, I was not insinuating it was for Heather’s role, I was simply relating to her. It makes me sad that we cannot have a genuine excitement for each other without jealousies being involved.  My timing may have been off, but my intentions were not malicious.”
Alexis says she was excited for Heather and tried to clear up the confusion regarding her own role on the show.
“The first thing I said to Heather when I heard she was leaving early because of her part on the Reba show was that it was exciting and I offered her my congratulations. I also explained that I never was OFFERED a role, Reba’s agent simply asked if I was available at that time and I was not,” Alexis says.
“I was excited for her role and Jim and I watched her play her part. She did it beautifully. /n