‘Pitch Perfect’ Star Anna Kendrick and 8 Other Actresses Who Can Sing (VIDEOS)/n
Anna Kendrick will show movie audiences that she can sing as well as she can act this weekend in the new movie-musical Pitch Perfect.
Of course, fans of Broadway — and, let’s face it, the movie Camp – already know the Oscar-nominated actress has some of the best pipes in the business.
Indeed, Kendrick, now 27, has been singing up a storm since the age of 12, when she made her Broadway debut in High Society. The role earned Kendrick a Tony nomination, and put her on the track to become one of the most sought-after actresses in the business.

Kendrick’s film career also began with a little music — the actress sang the heck out of the Stephen Sondheim classic ‘Ladies Who Lunch’ in Camp, a high point in an otherwise messy and, well, campy movie.


anna kendrick shines in yellow blouse








































7 Photos »


Will Kendrick hit similar notes in Pitch Perfect? We’ll find out when the movie hits theaters on Friday.
In the meantime, check out eight other movie actresses who can carry a tune like Kendrick can.
Anne Hathaway
Hathaway first gave us a taste of her vocal chops in Ella Enchanted, in which she took on such rock classics as “Somebody to Love” with considerable ease. She’s since performed on multiple occasions — at the Oscars; at the Kennedy Center Honors — and will do so again this Christmas in the movie-musical adaptation of Les Miserables.





Michelle Pfeiffer
Pfeiffer hit a high note — and then some — in The Fabulous Baker Boys, thanks to her sultry take on “Makin’ Whoopee.” The 54-year-old beauty has sang in many other movies, as well — famously, in Hairspray, and infamously, in Grease 2.





Nicole Kidman
Kidman earned an Oscar nomination for her performance in the 2001 musical “Moulin Rouge!”, in which she played a courtesan dying of consumption.





Gwyneth Paltrow
Paltrow went a little bit country in the 2010 drama ‘Country Strong,’ and later performed one of the movie’s hit songs — ‘Coming Home’ — at the Academy Awards. Secretly, though, we’ll always love her take on Smokey Robinson’s ‘Cruisin” (from the movie ‘Duets’) best.





Catherine Zeta-Jones
Zeta-Jones won an Oscar for playing murderess Velma Kelly in ‘Chicago’ in 2002. She later won a Tony for her Broadway debut in Stephen Sondheim’s ‘A Little Night Music.’ This summer, Zeta-Jones tested the movie-musical waters again in ‘Rock of Ages,’ to, uh, considerably less success.





Marion Cotillard
Cotillard stole the show in the otherwise lifeless 2009 musical ‘Nine,’ due in great part to her chilling performance of ‘My Husband Makes Movies.’





Amy Adams
Adams got in touch with her inner-Disney princess when she sang and danced in the 2007 movie ‘Enchanted.’ She followed with a lovable musical performance in ‘The Muppets,’ in 2011.





Amanda Seyfried
Seyfried held her own opposite Meryl Streep in the campy 2008 musical ‘Mamma Mia!’. She’ll try to steal the show again this Christmas in Les Miserables, opposite Anne Hathaway, Hugh Jackman and Russell Crowe.





/n