 Ex-'Survivor' Producer Bruce Beresford-Redman Convicted In Wife's 2010 Murder, Sentenced.../n
Former Survivor producer Bruce Beresford-Redman was convicted of his wife’s 2010 murder in a Mexico court Thursday, and sentenced to 12 years in prison.
Judge Víctor Manuel Echeverria Tun handed down the sentence less than five years after the Emmy-nominated producer’s wife Monica Burgos Beresford-Redman was found in a sewer close to the resort they were vacationing at, according to Quintana Roo state prosecutor Gaspar Armando Garcia Torres.
The prosecutor was upset at the length of the sentence handed down, noting, “We asked for a maximum sentence that we considered should be 50 years,” adding that his office will look to appeal for a longer sentence.
PHOTOS: 30 Cold Blooded Murderers Who Were Women
“We’re convinced of his guilt,” Garcia Torres said.
Watch the video on RadarOnline.com

Beresford-Redman, 43, held to his claim of innocence, saying that he never saw his wife after she left their hotel April 5, 2010 to shop. His legal team vowed to appeal the verdict based on claims of contaminated evidence, and a conviction they say was based off circumstantial evidence. Beresford-Redman’s father David called the decision “a gross miscarriage of justice.”
Burgos’ family “can finally say that she has received the justice she deserved,” their attorney Alison Triessl said Thursday following the events in court.
PHOTOS: Serial Killers In A Skirt — 30 Cold Blooded Murderers Who Are Women
As RadarOnline.com previously reported, Burgos’ remains were found April 8, 2010, four days after guests at the Moon Palace resort they were staying at said they heard the two fighting. The couple had embarked on the vacation in hopes of turning around their marriage, which was under strain due to Beresford-Redman’s alleged cheating. Authorities said Burgos’ cause of death, at 43, was asphyxiation.
Four years ago, a U.S. court upheld the TV producer’s extradition, and the year after, authorities with the U.S. State Department issued a warrant upholding the extradition. /n