Madonna ‘Not Happy’ About M.I.A.’s Middle Finger Super Bowl Salute/n





                    Madonna's Many Styles
                







A look at the Material Girl through the years. 

 MORE >>










                    Madonna on Gaga
                







Madonna talks Lady Gaga similarities.

 MORE >>










                    Super Bowl Ads
                







Watch the best celeb Super Bowl commercials. 

 MORE >>





 What’s a Super Bowl halftime show without a little controversy? During Madonna’s already legendary show, guest performer M.I.A. gave a salute to the crowd — her middle finger. “I didn’t know about it until I left,” Madonna told Ryan Seacrest. “I was really surprised.”
Not only was the move a surprise, but it was one she does not approve of! 
“I wasn’t happy about it,” Madonna added. “I understand it’s punk rock and everything, but to me there was such a feeling of love and good energy, and positivity it seemed negative. It’s one of the those things, it’s such a teenager, irrelevant thing to do…there was such a feeling of love and unity there what was the point? It was just out of place.”
In her Celebuzz Q&A series, Jane Velez-Mitchell said the stunt was “called stealing the spotlight.”
During the performance, the 53-year-old singer debuted her new single, “Give Me All Your Luvin,” during a set that also included classic hits “Vogue,” “Music,” “Express Yourself” and “Like a Prayer.”


Inside Madonna%u2019s Dressing Room at the Super Bowl


































5 Photos »


Do you think M.I.A.’s middle-finger moment was a halftime fumble? Sound off in the comments! 
In other, more terrifying Madonna news, a man who was jailed for stalking and making repeated death threats against the Material Girl escaped from a mental hospital. Police said today that the 54-year-old Robert Dewey Hoskins “is a very psychotic man when not taking his medication and has very violent tendencies.” 
A manhunt is currently underway to find him. 
/n