 VIDEO: Sugar Ray Leonard On Hiding Childhood Sexual Abuse ‘It Was Killing Me Inside'.../n
By Radar Staff
Boxer Sugar Ray Leonard has said that he is glad that he finally opened up about the sexual abuse that he suffered as a teenager at the hands of his coach because the horrific secret was “killing” him.
In an interview with CNN news on Thursday, the 55-year-old boxing champ explained how much the confession has helped him come to terms with the abuse, and RadarOnline.com has video of the heart wrenching interview.
PHOTOS:    Kate  Major  Does Celebrity Boxing
“I had to get that out because it was killing me inside, I was dying inside. I told no one. I kept this to myself for 30 something years,” Leonard told the news network.
“I said it to my first wife Juanita but I said it under the influences of alcohol, because a guy doesn’t talk about those things, especially me as a fighter. I could have kicked their (his abuser’s) butt but I didn’t.”
PHOTOS:    Sexy   Celebrity Boxers
In his shocking memoir, The Big Fight: My Life In and Out of the Ring, that hit book shelves on Monday, Leonard revealed for the first time how he was sexually abused by a “prominent Olympic boxing coach” when he was 15-years-old.
According to the New York Times, the champ said the incident took place after the coach (who he did not name) took him, and another teen boxer, to a match in New York in 1971. Leonard said the man had him take a bath with the boy and watched from afar, and they knew “something a bit inappropriate’’ was happening.
PHOTOS:     Lohan And  Major At Celebrity Boxing Press Conference
The five-time world champion, who appeared on Dancing with the Stars this season, said another incident took place years later in a car with the same man.
“Before I knew it, he had unzipped my pants and put his hand, then mouth, on an area that has haunted me for life. I didn’t scream. I didn’t look at him. I just opened the door and ran.”
PHOTOS:   Tyson Driven Away After Alleged Assault
The boxer said on Thursday that he is thankful that the truth is finally out and credits his half-decade of sobriety with allowing him to deal with the demons.
“My life is not a sad story, I had a wonderful career, I had wealth, I had fame. I had obstacles that I had to overcome and this book was so cathartic and therapeutic that it released things that I had on my chest so long,” he told CNN.
PHOTOS:       Celebrity Mugshots
“I am so glad that I am releasing this, as painful as it is, it’s OK…I learned to surrender  though my program,” explained Leonard. “I’ll be sober five years in July and that is my biggest accomplishment.”
Earlier in the interview Sugar Ray talked candidly about his past drug and alcohol problems that stemmed from his teenage secret.
PHOTOS:  Sugar Ray Leonard & Kristen Stewart At Diabetes Fundraiser
“I was hurting inside big time for 30-something years,” said Leonard, who didn’t take drugs while fighting or training but began using when an injury forced him to suspend his dream.
“This only really occurred and began to escalate back in 1982 when I retired, my first of many retirements,” he explained. “I was 25 years old and at the top of my game, I retired over a detached retina and I was in a state of limbo.
PHOTOS:  Sugar Ray Leonard On Capitol Hill
“I resorted to my band-aid, which was cocaine and alcohol, and I did  a lot. I became less of a father, less of a husband. I was just a jerk, I started believing the hype too much. Because I didn’t have boxing and because of what happened to me when I was 15, 16, I was hurting.”



RELATED STORIES:
Mike  Tyson Marries Girlfriend After Death Of Their Daughter
Only  On Radar: Tyson Family Responds to Daughter’s Death
EXCLUSIVE:  Mike Tyson, Photographer Won’t Be Charged In Airport Scuffle /n