 Chrissy Teigen Reveals She’s Going Through ‘Super Hard IVF Process’ To Have Baby.../n“A lot of stuff’s about to come,” Chrissy confessed to Cosmopolitan.com. “We’re going to try to have a child.”Chrissy admitted she and John had been jet-setting all over the world this summer in anticipation of the long road to come. They’ve been spotted in Bali, where they went to a wellness retreat, and Italy.“This is for us to try to get in the zone of 'let's travel, let's be away together, let's see our closest friends,' and then we're going to have to do something super hard, which is the IVF process, all over again,” Chrissy explained.In addition to counting down the days until IVF begins, Chrissy is still struggling with postpartum depression and revealed she takes “a number of medications for” that and anxiety.She also admitted to “drinking too much,” which was one of the reasons for her Bali retreat, where she abstained from alcohol entirely. “I knew in my heart it wasn’t right,” she told the site.What do you think of Chrissy’s IVF news? Are you glad she and John are trying for baby number two? Let us know in the comments below.“A lot of stuff’s about to come,” Chrissy confessed to Cosmopolitan.com. “We’re going to try to have a child.”Chrissy admitted she and John had been jet-setting all over the world this summer in anticipation of the long road to come. They’ve been spotted in Bali, where they went to a wellness retreat, and Italy.“This is for us to try to get in the zone of 'let's travel, let's be away together, let's see our closest friends,' and then we're going to have to do something super hard, which is the IVF process, all over again,” Chrissy explained.In addition to counting down the days until IVF begins, Chrissy is still struggling with postpartum depression and revealed she takes “a number of medications for” that and anxiety.She also admitted to “drinking too much,” which was one of the reasons for her Bali retreat, where she abstained from alcohol entirely. “I knew in my heart it wasn’t right,” she told the site.What do you think of Chrissy’s IVF news? Are you glad she and John are trying for baby number two? Let us know in the comments below./n