 Charlie Sheen’s Twins On The Move: Brooke Mueller’s Brother Wins Temporary Guardianship.../n
 
UDPATE 1:24 P.T. — RadarOnline.com has learned that in a twist to the latest custody battle development, Bob and Max, four, and their temporary guardian, will now be moving in with their mother, Brooke. After a week of drama, the drug-troubled ex of Charlie Sheen finally got all she wanted.
—
Brooke Mueller’s brother just won temporary guardianship of Charlie Sheen’s twins, Bob and Max, four, RadarOnline.com has confirmed.
Scott Mueller went to a Los Angeles court on Friday morning — with the blessing of the L.A. County Dept. of Children and Family Services — and was granted custody.
He will get the children tonight, a source has confirmed.
PHOTOS: The Littlest Victim: Charlie Sheen & Brooke Mueller’s Son Bob Shown
Scott had supervised visits with the children over summer, we’ve also learned.
The move followed Sheen’s second ex-wife, Denise Richards, indicating that she could no longer care for the troubled boys because of their “violent” behavior.
RadarOnline.com broke the story: Richards penned a heartbreaking letter to inform DCFS that she no longer felt capable of caring for the boys in her home.
PHOTOS: Meet The Parents! Hollywood’s Best & Worst Moms And Dads
“With a heavy heart,” Richards laid out the painful story of how the boys came to find refuge with her and daughters Sam, Lola and Eloise.
But she detailed how recent contact with their mother, Mueller, had transformed them from “kind and loving” young boys to “zombie-like” boys who exhibit “extreme violent mood swings” and “violent behavior.”
According to Richards, her daughters had been “strangled, kicked in the head and stomach, scratched, bit, slapped, punched in the face and head” and spat on by the boys, as have the family dogs.
EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: Brooke Mueller Crack Binge — And $1500 Meth Drug Deal — Caught On Video
One night, she claimed, they even broke into their baby sister’s room and relieved themselves in her tub, flinging their feces all over her bathroom.
“With no authority to make decisions on their behalf, I feel my hands are tied in providing them the proper help, support, and care that I feel as a parent that they need,” the Wild Things star wrote.
After more than 20 stays in rehab — including two while pregnant — and a 5150 psychiatric hold this May after overdosing on crystal meth, Mueller is on track to regain full custody of the twins.
For now, however, they’ll be living with Scott. /n