Hiding From Justice? Chris Soules Requests Delay In Fatal Hit-And-Run Trial/n
Chris Soules isn’t ready to go head-to-head with the judge! The Bachelor star is requesting his fatal hit-and-run trial be delayed, RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal.
In court documents obtained from the Iowa District Court for Buchanan County, Soules requested his July 11 pretrial conference and July 19 trial be postponed.
READ THE COURT PAPERS!
“Mr. Soules respectfully requests that this Court enter an Order continuing the pretrial conference and trial by at least 90 days and extending the deadlines for discovery, notice of defenses, and pretrial motions by at least 60 days,” the court papers read.
PHOTOS: ‘Take Responsibility!’ Chris Soules & Family DO NOT Attend Hit-And-Run Victim’s Wake
Soules’ team claims the parties are “still actively engaged in exchanging discovery materials.” While the State has provided materials requested by Soules on May 16, several items are still forthcoming.
In a second filing, Soules waived his right to a speedy trial.
As Radar extensively reported, Soules was arrested on April 24 when he rear-ended the tractor of Kenneth Mosher, 66. Mosher was thrown into a ditch and died at a nearby hospital.
Alcoholic beverages and containers were found at the scene. Soules was also caught on camera buying alcoholic beverages prior to the crash.
Soules entered a plea of not guilty on May 16.
PHOTOS: Chris Soules Skips Hit-And-Run Victim’s Funeral, Files Motion To Dismiss Case Instead
As he remains under the radar, Bachelor nation has been involved in yet another scandal. DeMario Jackson is currently being investigated after a boozy hookup with co-star Corinne Olympios allegedly crossed the line while filming Bachelor In Paradise.
“I am a victim and have spent the last week trying to make sense of what happened on June 4,” Olympios said in a statement through publicist Stan Rosenfield. “Although I have little memory of that night, something bad obviously took place, which I understand is why production on the show has now been suspended and a producer on the show has filed a complaint against the production.”
She continued that her “worse nightmare” has become a “reality.”
“As I pursue the details and facts surrounding that night and the immediate days after, I have retained a group of professionals to ensure that what happened on June 4 comes to light and I can continue my life,” she said. “Including hiring an attorney to obtain justice and seeking therapy to begin dealing with the physical and emotional trauma stemming from that evening.”
PHOTOS: ‘It Was Really Gruesome!’ Inside The Scene Of Chris Soules’ Fatal Car Crash
Jackson fired back in a statement to E!, “It’s unfortunate that my character and family name has been assassinated this past week with false claims and malicious allegations. I will be taking swift and appropriate legal action until my name is cleared and, per the advice of legal counsel, will be seeking all available remedies entitled to me under the laws.”
Are you surprised by the recent scandals? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n