O.J. Simpson Murder Knife Found? Marcia Clark Slams 'New Evidence'/n
Like the rest of the world, Marcia Clark was shocked at the news that an LAPD officer may have hidden a knife connected to the O.J. Simpson case for almost 20 years. But she spoke out to caution those who would jump to the conclusion that it’s the weapon that killed Nicole Brown Simpson and Ron Goldman.
“I really don’t know what to think of it,” Clark told Kevin Frazier with Entertainment Tonight about the revelation that a former cop had a knife allegedly found on Simpson’s Rockingham property for years before turning it over to the authorities.
“I can’t believe someone gave a police officer what appears to be, could be, important evidence in a case — even if it is closed — and takes it home. I don’t know what to say about that except I can’t believe it, but it’s apparently what happened,” she said.
PHOTOS: Cuba Gooding Channels O.J. Simpson On ‘American Crime Story’ Set In L.A. –– 10 New Shocking Shots From Filming
Clark unsuccessfully prosecuted Simpson for the murders of Brown Simpson and Goldman. Despite overwhelming blood and DNA evidence, a jury found him not guilty of the crimes. But she expressed doubt about theories that the newly uncovered knife could crack open the case.
“I don’t know whether to say it is truly evidence. None of us knows that yet,” Clark cautioned. “It might be a hoax. It might be somebody who planted it and then just pretended to find it and gave it to the off-duty police officer. You don’t know.”
As Radar exclusively reported, Simpson’s former agent, Michael Gilbert, slammed speculation that the knife could have been the murder weapon.
PHOTOS: TV Show Of The Century? It’s Selma Blair As Kris Jenner, David Schwimmer As Robert Kardashian & More On Set For ‘American Crime Story: The People V. OJ Simpson’
Diplomatically, Clark said she was looking forward to learning more.
“But, of course, I’m glad the LAPD is taking it seriously and subjecting it to testing so we can find out,” she said.
“It’s very possible [they could find DNA on it],” she speculated. “I mean, they recover DNA on mummies in Egypt. It’s entirely possible that if there is some DNA to be recovered that it could be found, especially with today’s technology, which is much more sensitive.”
PHOTOS: The 10 Most Sensational Celebrity Murder Cases
“I think it’s a remarkable development if it does turn out to be connected to the murders of Ron and Nicole,” Clark told ET. “It would be interesting if there was some evidence on that knife that pointed to who might have helped to bury it, if indeed someone else did.”
However, Clark has doubts about Simpson’s being brought into court again for the murders.
“The likelihood of any prosecution stemming from this evidence is very, very slim. But we have to find out what this means — what the truth of this is,” she insisted.
PHOTOS: Celebs Involved in Murder
“I just hope the truth comes out about this situation, as I always do about all situations. Whatever this is, let’s find out,” she said. “Let’s find out if it’s related or not. I really want to say — my heart goes out to the families. With these kind of things that stir up all these memories and the pain of it all, I just can’t imagine how they’re feeling right now.”
Do you believe the knife could be the murder weapon? Sound off in comments below. /n