'Full House' Star Jodie Sweetin Splits From Ex-Jailbird Fiance Justin Hodak/n
Full House star Jodie Sweetin has suffered another split.
Through her rep, the 35-year-old actress who has been unlucky in love has announced her breakup with fiancé Justin Hodak to Entertainment Tonight.
Sweetin’s spokesperson also told ET on Friday that “she appreciates everyone’s understanding for their need for privacy at this time.”
PHOTOS: Everywhere You Look… It’s A Scandal! Bob Saget Reveals The 20 Biggest ‘Full House’ Secrets In New Tell-All
Incredibly, it would have been the fourth marriage for Sweetin, who now plays the grown-up version of her ABC Full House Stephanie Tanner character on the Netflix spinoff, Fuller House.
And as Radar exclusively reported last year, Sweetin’s husband-to-be Hodak served nine months in a California prison starting in 1999, according to court documents.
Hodak, 40, was convicted on “drug and stolen property charges,” California Department of Corrections Public Information Officer Bill Sessa told Radar about the 1999 matter.
PHOTOS: How Rude! Reformed Wild Child Jodie Sweetin’s 11 Sexiest, Most Scandalous Photos
As Radar readers know, Sweetin wrote a 2009 memoir called unSweetined, which detailed her own downward spiral of alcohol and drug abuse that began with the ending of Full House. In the book, she admitted snorting cocaine before giving anti-drug speeches.
But Sweetin is now clean and sober. In addition to appearing on Fuller House, she competed on season 22 of Dancing with the Stars last year.
Sweetin was married to Los Angeles police officer Shaun Holguin from 2002-2006, to film transportation coordinator Cody Herpin from 2007-2010, and to Morty Coyle from 2012-2013. She has two daughters.
PHOTOS: Overdoses, Bitter Divorces & Sleeping With Uncle Jesse! Jodie Sweetin’s Top 14 Secrets & Scandals EXPOSED
Radar learned earlier this year that third husband Coyle, father to daughter Beatrix, is demanding more money for child support.
The star got engaged to Hodak in Jan. 2016.
“We met through mutual friends years ago and we reconnected a little over two years ago,” she told People at the time. “It’s been really good ever since.”
But now, the wedding is officially off.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n