This Is How Kourtney and the Kardashians Celebrated Her 36th Birthday/n





                    Kourtney Kardashian Shares First Photo of Baby Reign Aston Disick
                







ADORBS!

 MORE >>





Kourtney Kardashian celebrated her 36th birthday on Saturday (April 18, 2015) at 1OAK in Las Vegas with partner Scott Disick.
See how the Kardashian krew wished her a happy birthday!



This Is How Kourtney Kardashian Celebrated Her 36th Birthday	








































10 Photos »


Kris Jenner had perhaps the sweetest message of all for her oldest daughter, posting to Instagram this adorable throwback photo of her holding Kourtney as a baby.
She captioned the pic,
Happy Birthday Kourtney!!!! I think you can tell by this pic I was obsessed with you from the moment you were born….you are the very first love of my life, my soulmate, my ride or die, my everything. When you were born I realized what true love really is. You are the most amazing Mom I have ever known, the best daughter, friend, sister, and partner and you are loyal to a fault…you are the most beautiful person inside and out and I am so blessed and honored to be your Mom and we are all better because we get to share life with you. Happy Birthday sweet girl I love you more than you will ever know. Mommy xo



Happy Birthday Kourtney!!!! I think you can tell by this pic I was obsessed with you from the moment you were born….you are the very first love of my life, my soulmate, my ride or die, my everything. When you were born I realized what true love really is. You are the most amazing Mom I have ever known, the best daughter, friend, sister, and partner and you are loyal to a fault…you are the most beautiful person inside and out and I am so blessed and honored to be your Mom and we are all better because we get to share life with you. Happy Birthday sweet girl I love you more than you will ever know. Mommy xo @kourtneykardash #blessed #love #family #memories #sorryaboutthisbonnet
A photo posted by @krisjenner on Apr 18, 2015 at 8:11am PDT



Scott also posted a throwback of them on Instagram:




 Happy birthday my buttery little baby @kourtneykardash
A photo posted by Scott Disick (@letthelordbewithyou) on Apr 18, 2015 at 1:53pm PDT



Khloé sent her older sis a handwritten, heartwarming card, which Kourtney shared to her Instagram: 



Best birthday card ever from my Koko Loco @khloekardashian  A photo posted by Kourtney Kardashian (@kourtneykardash) on Apr 18, 2015 at 11:39am PDT



Khloé wasn’t able to make it to Kourtney’s 36th bash at 1OAK in Vegas because she’s at Coachella throwing a party of her own in celebration of the launch of her new app, Regroupd (also attended by younger sisters Kendall and Kylie).
She did share this photo collage to her Instagram account, commenting:
Happy birthday to one of the most monotone chicks I’ve ever met. It’s one of my favorite things about you!! Bible! Every single day I become more and more thankful for how many permanent God given best friends I have in my life.
Kourt you are the yin to my yang, the Siegfried to my Roy, the Lucy to my Ricky, The Thelma to my Louise, the Wayne to my Garth, the Posh to my David, the sugar to my spice, the icing to my cake.
I cannot express how much I love you, respect you, admire you… You inspire me every day. I couldn’t ask for a better big (little) sister. My life would be meaningless without ALL of you. So with every single birthday I am more and more appreciative that we get to spend another year together only strengthening our bond as soulmates every single one of us.



Happy birthday to one of the most monotone chicks I’ve ever met. It’s one of my favorite things about you!! Bible! Every single day I become more and more thankful for how many permanent God given best friends I have in my life. Kourt you are the yin to my yang, the Siegfried to my Roy, the Lucy to my Ricky, The Thelma to my Louise, the Wayne to my Garth, the Posh to my David, the sugar to my spice, the icing to my cake. I cannot express how much I love you, respect you, admire you… You inspire me every day. I couldn’t ask for a better big (little) sister. My life would be meaningless without ALL of you. So with every single birthday I am more and more appreciative that we get to spend another year together only strengthening our bond as soulmates every single one of us.
A photo posted by Khloé (@khloekardashian) on Apr 18, 2015 at 6:29am PDT


Kim, who’s at home in LA while hubby Kanye West is also at Coachella (he performed yesterday), shared these sweet messages for her sis on Instagram, writing: 
Happy Birthday to my big sister @kourtneykardash You were always there for me to copy everything you did when we were kids and now you are there to teach me everything as an adult! You are the best mom and I’m so happy our kids get to grow up together as if they are siblings! I learn so much from you everyday! I Love you and I’m so proud you are my sister! Don’t know what I would do without you!
 



  Happy Birthday to my big sister @kourtneykardash You were always there for me to copy everything you did when we were kids and now you are there to teach me everything as an adult! You are the best mom and I’m so happy our kids get to grow up together as if they are siblings! I learn so much from you everyday! I Love you and I’m so proud you are my sister! Don’t know what I would do without you!   A photo posted by Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian) on Apr 18, 2015 at 10:28am PDT






Going thru pics and gonna post a few of Kourtney & I in honor of her birthday!
A photo posted by Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian) on Apr 18, 2015 at 7:56pm PDT






  Kourtney & I with our dad!   A photo posted by Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian) on Apr 18, 2015 at 8:58pm PDT



Now word from Rob yet, but he did send flowers, which Kourtney snapped a pic of:



Birthday flowers from my two favorite men! ❤️
A photo posted by Kourtney Kardashian (@kourtneykardash) on Apr 18, 2015 at 4:07pm PDT






Us. A photo posted by Kourtney Kardashian (@kourtneykardash) on Apr 19, 2015 at 2:30am PDT






Vegas bound for birthday celebrations… Let’s get this party started @1OAKLV!
A photo posted by Kourtney Kardashian (@kourtneykardash) on Apr 18, 2015 at 9:28pm PDT



Check out the gallery above to see some pics of Kourtney’s Vegas bash with Scott.

/n