Tupac Shakur's Prison Letter Reveals He Dumped Madonna Because She Was White/n

Tupac Shakur and Madonna were star-crossed lovers.
The late rapper made this fact abundantly clear in a heartfelt note he penned for the Like A Virgin singer back in 1995. Apparently, the All Eyez On Me artist pulled the plug on his romance with Madge as he thought her white skin color would jeopardize his career. Whoa.
Video: So About That Time Zac Efron Got Flirty With Madonna…
Shakur, who was in prison at the time, explained in his missive to the pop star: 
"For you to be seen with a black man wouldn't in any way jeopardize your career, if anything it would make you seem that much more open and exciting… But for me at least in my previous perception I felt due to my 'image' I would be letting down half of the people who made me what I thought I was."
Intense stuff. The rap legend was clearly devastated by his decision to breakup with Guy Ritchie's ex as he added:
"I never meant to hurt you."
Still it seems Madonna and Tupac had a falling out over the blonde starlet's comments about how she planned to "rehabilitate all the rappers and basketball players." On his reaction to this remark, the late icon defended:
"In the time since, as u [sic] can see, I have grown both spiritually and mentally. It no longer matters how I'm perceived. Please understand my previous position as that of a young man with limited experience with an extremely famous sex symbol."
And while the twosome were no longer together, Tupac wanted to remain close to the chart-topper. In fact, he even asked if he and the Evita actress could stay friends. Tupac continued:
"I offer my friendship once again this time my stronger & focused. If you are still interested I would like to further discuss this with you but some of it couldn't wait. I felt compelled to tell you…just in case anything happened 2 me."
Awww. Before ending his letter, Shakur offered up the Queen of Pop some wise advice as he warned her to be weary of others. Tupac advised:
"Please be careful Madonna. Everyone is not as honorable as they seem there are those whose hearts bleed with envy & evil. They would not hesitate to do you harm! Let my 6 bullets be proof of that!"
The note is incredibly bittersweet as the A-lister invited Madonna to visit him at the Clinton Correctional Facility. He also expressed that his time behind bars "taught [him] to not take time for granted." Sadly, Tupac was fatally shot a little over a year later.
This letter is set to be auctioned off at Gotta Have Rock and Roll between July 19 and July 28. The starting bid is set at $100K as the last letter by Shakur was sold for more than $170K!
Perhaps Madonna will try and nab this poignant letter?? We guess we'll just have to wait and see.
[Image via WENN.]
/n