Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson Might Just Be Our Next President/n





                    That Time Dwayne Johnson Tried to Rip Out Somebody's Tongue
                







#NeverForget

 MORE >>





One of Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson’s roles in the near future might just be President of the United States if he sets his mind to it.

Johnson talks about politics, the possibility of running for office, and the importance of mid-workout hydration in his cover interview for GQ magazine. Though he did not place his endorsement behind any politician in the 2016 election and claims that he is registered as an independent, the Baywatch actor unloads his criticisms of President Donald Trump.
“Personally, I feel that if I were president, poise would be important. Leadership would be important. Taking responsibility for everybody. [If I didn’t agree with someone] on something, I wouldn’t shut them out. I would actually include them,” says Johnson. “The first thing we’d do is we’d come and sit down and we’d talk about it. It’s hard to categorize right now how I think he’s doing, other than to tell you how I would operate, what I would like to see.”
In fact, an op-ed from last June published in The Washington Post suggested that Johnson would do just as well as any other candidate. Johnson acknowledged the article on social media at the time and tells GQ that he’s given the idea more thought and admits “it’s a real possibility.”
“A year ago it started coming up more and more,” Johnson explains. “There was a real sense of earnestness, which made me go home and think, ‘Let me really rethink my answer and make sure I am giving an answer that is truthful and also respectful.’ I didn’t want to be flippant—‘We’ll have three days off for a weekend! No taxes!’”
He stresses that he would like to see better leadership from our current President.
“When there’s a disagreement, and you have a large group of people that you’re in a disagreement with—for example, the media—I feel like it informs me that I could be better. We all have issues, and we all gotta work our s**t out. And I feel like one of the qualities of a great leader is not shutting people out.”


Dwayne Johnson Coaches Soccer on the Set of ‘Fast 8’








































8 Photos »


Following that train of thought, Johnson disagrees “completely’ with Trump’s Muslim ban.
“I believe in our national security to the core, but I don’t believe in a ‘ban’ that bans immigrants. I believe in inclusion. Our country was built on that, and it continues to be made strong by that. And the decision felt like a snap judgment,” Johnson explains. “It grew to heartache, it grew to a great deal of pain, it grew to a great deal of confusion, and it had a lot of people scrambling.”
Read Johnson’s full profile over on GQ.
/n