Inside Kimberly Schlapman's New Line of Home Goods/n
It was a girl’s night out in Nashville when Little Big Town‘s Kimberly Schlapman unveiled some of the pieces in her new line of home goods and kitchenware at an intimate dinner party hosted by her friend Cassie Kelley earlier this week.    
Schlapman describes “Oh Gussie!” – a partnership with Cracker Barrel Old Country Store – as “cozy, warm, pretty and Southern.”   
Femininity, nostalgia and whimsy are the themes of the 50-piece collection, which includes plates, old-fashioned glassware, linens, napkin rings and table top décor.   
Over comfort food – fried chicken, mashed potatoes, green beans, turnip greens, biscuits, peach cobbler and chocolate cake – catered by Cracker Barrel and served on Oh Gussie! china, Schlapman confessed her secret vice.   
“I have a dishes problem,” she laughed. “My husband will tell you I can’t resist pretty dishes! I love shopping flea markets and I am always drawn to the old china. My addiction to dishes and glass has finally found an outlet! This was so natural, so much fun for me.”  
Courtesy Kimberly Schlapman
Don’t miss a beat of country music news, photos and videos! Click here to get all this and more in the PEOPLE Country Newsletter.
Her favorite pieces are from the Paw Paw Pottery collection, which was inspired by her father.  
“My daddy is 71 years old, and has always been a hard-working man. He has had ten back surgeries and still has pain,” says Schlapman. “A couple of years ago he went to a pottery class with my niece and he came home with this beautiful mug he made. He started making them for all the girls in the family as gifts and on the bottom of each one he writes ‘Paw Paw.'”    
“I always drink my coffee from my Paw Paw mug and it’s like I’m having coffee with my daddy. So we have four different colors of “Paw Paw” mugs and a black casserole dish.”  
Courtesy Kimberly Schlapman
Kelley, wife of Lady Antebellum singer Charles Kelley and creator of the fashion and lifestyle website Womanista, also had something to show off: Her growing baby bump, which had its own public debut on the ASCAP Country Awards. On the red carpet, Charles Kelley proudly told PEOPLE, “My wife looks so pretty tonight, her baby bump has finally popped! We’re five months into it and just so excited. We’re ready for it.  I’m not reading any of the books. Everything I’ve heard from people, they say you can read every book out there, but when the baby comes, you’re just going to have to wing it. We have lots of nieces and nephews and I’ve watched Hillary and Dave for the last couple years so I think I’m good. I’ve got this.”  
 With a smile, Cassie confirmed her husband’s confidence and their eagerness for the arrival of their baby boy due Feb. 17, but admitted the nursery is still a work in progress. “I’ve ordered everything,” she said. “There’s a lot of texture and soft, earthy colors. I didn’t go for a theme. When he turns one or two he’ll probably ask me where his truck crib is!”  
Play Along with Our New Favorite Game: Day Drinkin’ Jenga

 The Oh Gussie! collection – named after Schlapman’s signature Southern expression of delight or frustration – made its debut Nov. 12 online and in all Cracker Barrel stores.  
/n