Here Is the Gift Bag This Year’s Oscar Nominees Are Getting/n





                    Oscars 2017 Nominees
                







See the full nominations list.

 MORE >>










                    How Much Is Jimmy Kimmel Getting Paid to Host the Oscars?
                







Do tell...

 MORE >>





Win or lose, this year’s Oscar nominees are walking home with something in hand.

This year, Distinctive Assets is gifting all the major Academy Award nominees an outrageous gift bag filled with expensive goodies. Titled “Everyone Wins,” the swag bundle will be delivered to celebrities like Emma Stone, Ryan Gosling, Andrew Garfield, Meryl Streep, Natalie Portman, Denzel Washington, Nicole Kidman, Viola Davis and Octavia Spencer as a way to “thrill and pamper those who may have everything money can buy but still savor the simple joy of a gift,” according to its press release.
Items featured in this year’s swag bag include travel packages to Hawaii and Italy, personal sommelier services and the latest in cutting-edge technology. We got a peek inside—and let’s just say we’re having serious FOMO right now. Here are all the freebies your faves are getting this year:

Haze Dual V3s: The Haze Dual V3 is the first and only dual chamber vaporizer in the market. This premium vaporizer provides ultimate portability, longer sessions, and infinite versatility.
Oomi:  This smart home starter kit retails for $599. It includes Oomi Cube, Oomi Touch, Oomi Dock, two Oomi bulbs and one Oomi Plug.
Opal:  Nominees will receive a case of Non-GMO Project verified apples each month from October to July.
Healing Saint by Dr. Jane 360: The gift bag will include a year’s supply of Healing Saint Luminosity Skin Serum, as well as the Healing Saint Hair Follicle Stimulant.
Koloa Landing Resort at Poipu: This travel package offers a free five-night stay in a luxurious villa on Kauai’s sunny South Shore in Hawaii.
Lost Coast Ranch: Guests will enjoy a fully-private three-day mansion stay at the Lost Coast Ranch in Northern California. This magical retreat offers superb living space with 18 bedrooms for up to 10 guests and gourmet, farm-to-table catering.
Alexis Seletzky: This package offers 10 personal training sessions with one of Los Angeles’ premier fitness instructors, Alexis Seletzky.
Bangarang: The Positive Cube is a handmade wooden box filled with 199 cards of positive actions and quotes. For every Positive Cube purchased, a donation is made to a charity or a cause.
Belldini: The brand is offering a personally curated wardrobe for each nominee.
Casper: Nominees will receive a dual-layer pillow and a Casper Dog Mattress.






CREDIT: Casper



ChapStick: A ChapStick Total Hydration Moisture + Tint has been included in each gift bag.
Chocolatines: The confectionary is gifting a box of their Drunken Fig Cake Bites.
Chubby Chipmunk: Enjoy the Designer Book Box with Hand-Dipped Truffles.
CPR Anytime: This kit from the American Heart Association allows anyone to learn the core skills of adult Hands-Only CPR in just 20 minutes.
Crayola: Each nominee will receive a personalized box of 64-count Crayola My Way crayons.
Curlee Girlee: A children’s book that empowers young girls to love all their unique features.
Dandi Patch: This award-winning underarm patch solves the embarrassing problem of sweat marks for both men and women.
Elvie: The company is giving out a limited edition pelvic floor exercise tracker with access to their app.
Golden Door: This vacation package includes a week stay at their spa.
Grand Hotel Excelsior Vittoria:  Nominees will receive three complimentary nights in a suit at the seaside resort.
 Grand Hotel Tremezzo: The resort is offering a three complimentary nights in a suite.
Happiest Tee: Luxury t-shirts and sweatshirts that are made in the United States.
Hydroxycut: Nominees will receive their Platinum 5-in-1 formula.
jules k.: This handbag features a fun anteater pattern.
Lizora: Beauty products made from Pu-erh tea.






CREDIT: Lizora



Medice: The Medice Foot Care Kit stops pain from cracked heels and make heels smooth and crack free.
Mous Fitness: A multi-purpose water bottle designed to provide a healthier more hygienic way to hydrate and fuel your body by reducing the ability of bacteria accumulation.
MuscleTech: Nitro-Tech Crunch bars are a gourmet, high-performance protein energy bar.
Namira Monaco: The Limited Edition Pole Star Constellation Pendant & Brooch is crafted with precision to make a fine jewelry collectible.
National Peach Shellers Association: The organization is offering a jar of freshly harvested pecans.
Oxygenetix: A 10-year supply of revolutionary Oxygenating Foundation and Oxygenating Moisturizer will be included in every bag.
Park and Buzz: Their baguette studs are handmade with solid sterling silver, 18K gold and cubic zirconia.
Reian Williams Fine Art: Artwork from the studio.
Rest-Rite: The Rest-Rite Sleep Positioner pushes your partner over all night to prevent snoring.
Rogue Maple: Nominees will enjoy their 100% Pure Organic Maple Syrup.
Slimware: A set of portion control plates is included in each swag bag.
SweetCheeks: The SweetCheeks Cellulite Massage Mats help increase circulation and reduce the appearance of cellulite.
The Loving Somm: In-house services from New York City-based sommelier Lelañea Fulton.
Watch Ya’ Mouth: A mouth guard party game.
Woosh Beauty: The Woosh Beauty Collection includes the MMS (Mobile Makeup System) Bag, Fold Out Face, Essential Brush Set, Corner Brush Eye Stamper, Flex and Curl Mascara & Lash Shield, Spin on Lip Gloss Duo and more.
YogaJewelz: A 14K solid gold and diamond encrusted OM bracelet.



Celebrities who You Didn't Know Have Oscars








































15 Photos »


/n