Is This New Snow White Movie One Big Fat Joke?! See The Body Shaming Ad That Has Women Saying WTF!/n

If you haven't heard of the upcoming animated film Red Shoes And The 7 Dwarfs, we're not surprised.
It isn't Disney or Pixar or Dreamworks but rather a small South Korean studio called Locus, which lists its release as some time in 2018.
The film is English language, featuring the voice talent of Chloë Grace Moretz, Gina Gershon, and Jim Rash, but we don't even know if there's a planned release in the U.S. at all.
Video: Pixar Releases An Epic, Emotional Full Trailer For Cars 3!
No, it's been a very quiet little movie… that is, until their first promo billboard. This fucking thing speaks VOLUMES.
Model Tess Holliday spotted the ad and had to share her thoughts: 

How did this get approved by an entire marketing team? Why is it okay to tell young kids being fat = ugly? 🤔😏@ChloeGMoretz pic.twitter.com/PVhgwluGTM
— Tess Holliday 🥀 (@Tess_Holliday) May 30, 2017

EXACTLY, GURL!
It's the EXACT SAME WOMAN only instead of tall and skinny, she's short and chubby. And now she's "no longer beautiful"?? Disgusting. And Tess wasn't alone in thinking so:

I'm so confused by this… how was this actually made? It's a joke? Right?
— Linz Unicorn Sminks (@this_sminks) May 30, 2017


as a mother of a teenage daughter and a woman in general this is so so incredibly disturbing. #WTH
— Courtney Fernandez (@CourtLovesLife) May 30, 2017


The trailer is even worse 😩 plus incredibly sexualised, dwarves watching Snow White getting undresssed… felt so grim!
— Dolores Haze 💄 (@Upfold_Update) May 31, 2017

Yeah, she isn't kidding.
The teaser released in March has a VERY pervy tone for a children's movie.
Ch-ch-check it out (below)!

Ick. Their little horrified faces say it all.
Look, we obviously haven't seen the film. It could be the whole thing is about people's perceptions and acceptance. We'll give it the benefit of the doubt having seen so little. Especially with Moretz involved — it's hard to imagine her lending her name to something so harmful.
But this "no longer beautiful" bullshit is all about body shaming. The company running this ad campaign needs to go IMMEDIATELY.
What do YOU think about the ad and the film??
[Image via Twitter.]
/n