‘Morning’ Rush? MSNBC Co-Hosts Got Engaged To Cover Up Their Affair!/n
MSNBC Lovebirds Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski started hooking up while married to other people — and RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned the “Morning Joe” co-hosts rushed into an engagement, after a Radar investigation threatened to expose their illicit affair!
Scarborough, 54, proposed to his sidekick during a trip to France in early May to celebrate her 50th birthday.
The two have been gushing over each other since announcing their impending nuptials, but the truth behind their on-air chemistry is more controversial!
During a months-long probe, Radar discovered Scarborough paid second wife Susan Waren a $150,000 lump sum to end their ­12-year marriage in 2013, according to divorce papers.
PHOTOS: Jennifer Garner Stays ‘West Virginia Strong’ Amid Affleck Divorce Drama
The former Florida congressman also shells out a whopping $30,000 a month in hush money to Waren, and she even signed a gag order to prevent her from spilling the beans about his cheating!
But insiders have long been aware of the steamy chemistry between the co-hosts.
“Everybody knew about it,” said one well-placed source. “President Trump even tweeted about it!”
On Aug. 22, then-candidate Trump Tweeted: “Some day, when things calm down, I’ll tell the real story of @JoeNBC and his very insecure long-time girlfriend, @morningmika. Two clowns!”
PHOTOS: Cross-Dressing, Cheaters, Sex Tapes & More! The Top 10 Dirtiest Reality TV Divorces Exposed –– From Bethenny Frankel & Jason Hoppy To Kris & Bruce Jenner
Republican Scarborough and die-hard Democrat Brzezinski may have been sneaking around as early as 2013, when the father of four split from Waren, sources claimed.
Brzezinski didn’t divorce her husband of 23 years, New York–based investigative reporter James Hoffer, until last summer.
Like her TV partner, Brzezinski — who has two daughters — covered up details of her divorce by making sure the documents were sealed.
For years before their divorces, the duo often hobnobbed together at parties and even sat in front-row seats during a 2013 World Series game at Fenway Park. The sneaky twosome would claim they were promoting their show, which debuted in 2007, on these out-of-town trips.
PHOTOS: Suicide, Divorce & Other Scandals! The Top 25 Secrets Of ‘DWTS’ Season 20 Stars REVEALED
But insiders insisted the events were excuses to for a romantic rendezvous!
Still, the cagey pair tried to keep their love on the down-low.
“I’ve seen both of them hundreds of times,” Young Song, owner of a grocery store near Brzezinski’s New York home, told Radar. “But never together. He usually buys beer.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n