Sherri's Nightmare! Ex Lamar Doing Reality Show About Surrogacy Drama/n
Sherri Shepherd, 48, may be appealing a Pennsylvania court ruling stating that she has to pay child support to her ex-husband Lamar Sally for their surrogate son, one-year-old Lamar Jr. (LJ), but as she continues her court battle, RadarOnline.com has learned that her ex is getting ready to wage a war of his own.
Sally revealed during an interview with Radar that he is currently filming a reality show about his life as a single dad and the struggles he’s had to face in the wake of his divorce for Shepherd.
“At the end of the day, I want my son to be proud of me,” he told Radar. “There are so many lies out there about me being a gold digger, me tricking Sherri into doing this and it’s just not true.”
PHOTOS: The Final Countdown? How ‘Fashion Police’ Crumbled In 20 Clicks – Dirty Details Revealed
Because of all that has happened, Sally wants to share his story.
“So it’s time for me to stand up and say, ‘No, this is the truth. This what really happened,'” he explained.
“She has a lot more money than me,” Sally continued. “She has celebrities that have talked about me. It’s ok, because I want my son to be proud of me to say, ‘Hey, against all odds, my father stood up for me, and whatever happens, this is what he did.'”
PHOTOS: 21 Actors Who Got Their Big Breaks On TV Soap Operas
Sally is also admittedly doing the show “to shine a light on single dads and fathers,” he said.
He wants the world to know that single-dads struggle too.
“We’re out there and we are raising our kids on our own,” Sally said. “We’re not trying to put down the mom, but to shine some light on what we’re doing.”
PHOTOS: Paid For Doing Nothing? 16 Reality Stars With TV’s Highest Salaries
“Unfortunately we are caught: whatever the ex-wife or baby mama says about you, you take it and just be the best father that you can,” he said. “Someone has to stand up for the dad and to have a voice and say, ‘Maybe there are two sides to this story.'”
Sally and his costars plan to act as that voice.
“We aren’t the dads that run out on their family,” he said. “No, we are dads that are in there every day grinding it out, being hands-on dads, working and we love our kids. We aren’t going to have this reputation of a weekend or part-time dad. No we are there every single day.”
PHOTOS: The Top 20 Reality TV Paychecks Revealed
Unfortunately, Sally has not discussed his reality show plans with Shepherd.
She may also not have a clue that he is even working on the pilot.
“I’m sure when she finds out that I’m doing the show, she’s going to say something towards me and it’s probably going to cost me another $10,000 to defend,” Sally said.
PHOTOS: Reality Bites! 15 Examples Of Staged Reality TV Drama
As Radar first reported, Shepherd has never met her son. She hasn’t even exchanged cards with him or sent him birthday presents.
She is also in the process of trying to get her name removed from LJ’s birth certificate.
“I don’t know why she doesn’t want to be a part of his life,” Sally told Radar. “He’s a really good baby. He’s charismatic and always laughing and smiling. She’s really missing out on a lot. He’s really something special.” /n