Charlie Sheen Wants Denise Richards Out Of The House She Lives In Because His Girlfriend Is Jealous?!?!/n

The lesson as always?
Don't piss off Charlie Sheen!
Which, at this point, seems kind of an impossible task no matter what you do! 
The Anger Management star is reportedly thinking about kicking Denise Richards out of the house that she lives in. Something he can do since he owns it. However, his reasons for possibly doing this are a bit unclear. 
The first possible reason is that he's still pissed that Denise wasn't down with him spending time with his daughters over the holiday break.
However the other reason that Charlie is contemplating kicking Denise AND his daughters to the curb is because his 24-year-old adult movie star girlfriend Brett Rossi feels uncomfortable driving past Denise's house! 
The Sheen-owned house where Denise lives is only a few doors away from Charlie's own house in the Mulholland Estates gated community, and Brett feels stressed out every time she drives past that home. 
Or at least that's what a source said: 
"[Denise and daughters Sam, Lola and Eloise] have lived at one of the house’s Charlie owns in Mulholland Estates for about a year. Charlie’s daughters, Sam and Lola go to school nearby. Brett wants Denise out of the neighborhood because she is insanely jealous of her. She complains that whenever she leaves the gated community, she is forced to drive by Denise’s house, and she just doesn’t like it. Charlie’s people told Denise he wants her out, and he didn’t tell her because they aren’t talking at the moment.”
Look, Charlie Sheen has definitely been very kind to have lavishly supported Denise and their daughters thus far - his generosity allows them to live a VERY comfortable life. And if he had a valid reason, like money problems, for wanting Denise to move somewhere farther away from him - we could understand that.
But to do so because the woman whom he's been dating for one month is "uncomfortable" seeing Denise around seems ridiculous. 
Especially when you consider that Denise Richards went out of her way to help take care of Charlie's sons sons from his other ex Brooke Mueller.  
Plus Charlie's been with LOTS of partners at this point. Brett's gonna be seeing them around town whether she likes it or not. 
Now if this has nothing to do with Charlie's girlfriend, and this is really more of a revenge move against Denise for the holiday drama that happened - well then that's a rant we'll save for another day!
[Image via Pacific Coast News.]
/n