Is Brad Pitt Dating Sienna Miller?/n
It’s that time of the week again when the celebrity weeklies hit the newsstands. To separate what’s real and rumor, we turned to our friends at Gossip Cop for the 411 on this week’s most controversial stories.

Brad Pitt and Sienna Miller are secretly dating, announces Us Weekly. The publication reports the actor is “ready for romance” following his tumultuous split from Angelina Jolie last year, and Miller is just the woman to “sweep him off his feet.” For the inside details about their “flirty dinners and late nights,” see what Pitt and Miller confidantes leak to Gossip Cop.
Kim Kardashian is urging Tristan Thompson to propose to Khloe Kardashian, reveals In Touch. But now the reality star’s meddling has put her sister’s relationship in jeopardy. “Tristan was floored” when Kim told him to “put a ring on it or get lost,” says the publication. For Thompson’s decision and Khloe’s reaction, see what a rep confides to Gossip Cop.
Prince Harry is “leaving the royal family for love,” reveals OK!. The magazine reports Prince Charles’ younger son is ready to give up life in Kensington Palace and fully commit to his relationship with Meghan Markle because Queen Elizabeth II won’t allow them to marry. For when Prince Harry plans to “bid the monarchy farewell,” find out what a palace insider exclusively tells Gossip Cop.
Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton are secretly married, according to Life & Style. The magazine reveals the couple tied the knot in her backyard, and Stefani’s two eldest sons walked her down the aisle in front of “family and a few close friends.” For why the couple is also planning to have a “much larger church wedding,” click over to Gossip Cop.
Ben Affleck is asking Jennifer Garner to “get back together,” reports Life & Style. After the estranged spouses recently vacationed together in the Bahamas with their kids, “Ben is pushing for an official reconciliation,” and “isn’t going down without a fight,” reveals the magazine. For Garner’s reaction to his plea and whether they will call off the divorce, log on to Gossip Cop.
/n