Back On? Inside Plans To Save 'Bachelor In Paradise' After Sexual Assault Incident/n
Filming for Bachelor in Paradise was suspended after DeMario Jackson and Corinne Olympios were involved in an alleged sexual assault incident, but is the hit spinoff canceled for good? A show insider exclusively reveals to RadarOnline.com the network’s plans to save the series!
“The show will probably not continue this season,” the insider told Radar. “No final decision has been made.”
Fortunately for the cast and fans, the show may not be over for good.
“They may move production for this season back to L.A. and continue and start next year sanitized,” the insider said.
PHOTOS: What You Don’t See On TV! How Train-wreck TV ‘The Bachelorette’ Finds It Suitors
The cancelation of Bachelor in Paradise has been a long time coming, as the insider reveals the raunchy spinoff “was not a good look for ABC.”
“Executives have been looking for excuses to kill the show because they didn’t want to damage The Bachelor franchise,” the insider said. “The Bachelor is much more careful with filming and execs know they have been skating close to the edge with BIP.”
Warner Bros. released a statement on Sunday claiming that they have “become aware of allegations of misconduct on the set of Bachelor in Paradise in Mexico.”
PHOTOS: Chad Johnson Reveals The Shocking Truth About ‘The Bachelorette’ Fakery
“We have suspended production and we are conducting a thorough investigation of these allegations,” the statement read. “Once the investigation is complete, we will take appropriate responsive action.”
People reported that Jackson, who appeared on Rachel Lindsay’s season of The Bachelorette, had a sexual encounter with a female contestant who may have been too drunk to consent.
Although the victim wasn’t named, Entertainment Tonight reported that Jackson had a raunchy hookup with Olympios.
PHOTOS: Chris Who? ‘The Bachelor’ Star Kelsey Poe Finally Finds Love Again — In Paris! Meet Her New Man
“DeMario was in the pool,” the source said. “Next thing you know, Corinne comes over and hops on his lap. They start talking and joking.”
The insider continued, “Everyone is just going about their business. Cameras are rolling. Producers are everywhere. That’s when a ‘third party’ felt uncomfortable, claiming misconduct in the workplace. As of right now, production of Paradise is suspended indefinitely. And they are sending everyone home and telling everyone else to stay home. DeMario got sent home soon after.”
A “third party” who made the complaint was a show producer.
PHOTOS: Alleged ABC’s “The Bachelorette” Home Chosen in Charlotte, NC
A source previously told Radar that the cast is rallying around Jackson.
“DeMario has been described as a good guy, producers and execs like him,” a source claimed to Radar. “He knows what he signed up for and has been cooperative with producers. Everyone feels bad for him.”
The cast claims Olympios is “out for fame,” as there have been alleged complaints involving her before the incident.
“She has been involved in multiple sexually provocative incidents sober, drunk and in between,” the source claimed. “She was scolded and reprimanded and warned. Her excuse that she was blackout drunk those involved with the show don’t believe.”
Do you think Bachelor in Paradise will be saved? Tell us in the comments.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n