Horny Harrison! Carrie Fisher Reveals How Ford Seduced Her On 'Star Wars' Set/n
Carrie Fisher‘s affair with Harrison Ford began with a drunken tussle at a cast party, the Star Wars star claims in her bombshell new memoir.
Fisher writes in The Princess Diarist that she had too much to drink at a London birthday party for the sci-fi classic’s creator, George Lucas — and that led to one of Hollywood’s most shocking secret affairs.
“Quite a few members of the crew were organizing a kind of joke abduction of me,” at the party, she writes. Married dad-of-two Ford then theatrically intervened, Fisher claims, telling the “rowdy” men, “The lady doesn’t seem to be very aware of what she wants.”
“What began as a kind of pretend stage-fight tug-of-war transformed into a more earnest battle for a woman’s — what is the word? — maidenhood. No! Virtue!” she writes.
PHOTOS: Harrison Ford ‘Conscious & Breathing’ After Crash But Suffered ‘Moderate Trauma’ — Inside His Medical Crisis
“Mr. Ford threw my virtue and me into the backseat of his studio car.”
They “rolled around,” she recalls, and he then took her to dinner with costars Mark Hamill and Koo Stark, whom Carrie had beaten out for the part of Princess Leia.
On the way home in a taxi, Fisher writes, Ford pounced.
“Harrison pulled me back into the seat,” she claims, “moving us closer and closer…”
PHOTOS: Captain Of The Cockpit! Harrison Ford’s Flying History — 5 Photos Of The A-Lister In His Private Planes
Their “fumbling” continued at home in her bedroom.
“With my combination of insecurity and inexperience, I was paralyzed,” she says. “Scared to say anything that might make Harrison leave me in the lurch.”
But the couple figured things out, and their lovemaking lasted for “a short while,” she confides. “Suffice it to say we survived, and then some….Our affable ordeal behind us, Harrison fell asleep and I tried to.”
“God, he really was handsome. I forgave him for not loving me in the way one usually expects — and almost forgave myself for not expecting it.”
PHOTOS: Hollywood Hero! Crash Survivor Harrison Ford’s 11 Most Iconic Roles – From Han Solo To Indiana Jones & More
That was the beginning of what Fisher has said became a three-month affair between her, then just 19, and Ford, 34.
Now 74, Ford has not publicly responded to the claims.
The Princess Diarist is due out on November 22.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n