Lauren Conrad Had the Most Instagrammable Day Ever – and We Were There For It/n

You’d be hard-pressed to find a star with a more enviable Instagram feed than Lauren Conrad — the star has a lock on the gauzy, rose quartz, feminine and floral aesthetic. So we knew her pop-up shop, which opened in September at the Americana at Brand in Glendale, California, was bound to be the dream of any girl with Snapseed and an iced latte. And the star certainly didn’t disappoint, as we discovered when she took us inside her jam-packed launch day.
Joshua Blanchard/Getty Images for Caruso AffiliatedJoshua Blanchard/Getty Images for Caruso Affiliated 
The star, who admitted she’d been up since 4:45 getting her glam done and was highly caffeinated as a result, gave us a look at the range for her LC Lauren Conrad Runway collection for Kohl’s — including a slip dress based on the look she wore to the CFDA Awards. “Last year we debuted this collection at New York Fashion Week and it was amazing,” she said. “This year we knew we wanted to do something a little bit different, and I loved the idea of bringing the collection to this coast!”
Joshua Blanchard/Getty Images for Caruso AffiliatedJoshua Blanchard/Getty Images for Caruso Affiliated
Much like her own Instagram feed, Conrad had “really beautiful” in mind when designing her pop up, which was in the works for “quite some time.” Conrad explains, “When we talked about the concept we definitely wanted to reflect the shoot we had done … We had shot in this house that was really beautiful that was sort of French looking and had lots of dusty, soft colors, vintage rugs, and we went with that. We wanted to create a little experience for everybody. ”
RELATED PHOTOS: Last Night’s Look: Love It or Leave It!
Joshua Blanchard/Getty Images for Caruso AffiliatedJoshua Blanchard/Getty Images for Caruso Affiliated
There was plenty to indulge in, but Conrad says she loves to see what people gravitate towards — which tends to be “the layering pieces. We brought back this suede moto jacket that we had done last year and we did it in new colors because it was by far a favorite,” she said. “A lot of the special occasion dresses, actually, people are buying. That’s exciting for me because those are the most fun for me to do so when they get bought, I get to make more!”
So for fans who couldn’t resist the gorgeous elements of the store, any advice for scoring their own most Instagrammable pics? “Good natural light is probably the best tip!” she said. “I think that when the lighting is bad I don’t even bother with a photo.” If LC says it, we’re calling it social media gospel.
What do you think of Conrad’s Most Instagrammable Day?
–Reporting by Brianne Tracy
/n