Scientology Rape Scandal Explodes!/n
Scientologist actor Danny Masterson is bringing in the big guns to battle shocking rape allegations!
The 41-year-old That ’70s Show star has hired high-powered criminal defense attorney Tom Mesereau — who got Michael Jackson acquitted on all 14 counts of his 2005 child molestation trial.
This shows “just how seriously” Masterson is taking the accusations, says Tony Ortega, an author and reporter who’s covered Scientology. “Mesereau already made contact with the LAPD to tell them Masterson denies the rape allegations, and with the help of private investigator Scott Ross, has been gathering witnesses to back up Masterson’s denials.”
PHOTOS: From ‘Prison Camp’ To Gay Discrimination: The 10 Most Shocking Claims About Scientology From HBO’s ‘Going Clear’​
Three women who were Scientologists say they were raped or sodomized by Masterson between 2001 and 2003 — and then pressured by the cult to not contact police.
Victim A, who claims she was “anally raped and injured” by Masterson, “discovered just last year she wasn’t the only one who had reported to the church that Masterson had attacked her,” says Ortega.
After Victim A came forward last fall, the LAPD reactivated another case that had been reported in 2004, and a third woman, Victim C, surfaced.
PHOTOS: Xenu, Thetans & Auditing — Oh My! 30 Celebrity Scientologists Exposed
Victim B claims she was raped at a party attended by many Scientologists. Masterson’s rep Jenni Weinman is listed as a witness in the police report.
Contacted by Radar, Mesereau confirmed Master- son has hired him and stressed the actor has not been charged with any crime.
Victim A, however, feels differently. In a February letter to the LAPD, obtained by Ortega that asserts victims hadn’t been interviewed, she writes, “You have a serial rapist on your hands . . . and the Church of
PHOTOS: Take A Peek Inside The Amazing New Scientology Training Center
Scientology has threatened us, silenced us and covered it all up. I am begging for a fair and honest investigation.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n