episode, slated to air in January, Pratt will play Nick, a charming horseback riding instructor who Christy (Faris) takes a liking to. One problem? He's Marjorie's (Mimi Kennedy) nephew, and she's declared him off limits! EW f.../n
When searching for Christy's love interest in an upcoming episode of Mom's new season, star Anna Faris didn't have to look far.Her real-life husband Chris Pratt has found some available time in his busy blockbuster-movie-making schedule and agreed to guest star in an episode later in season four, E! News has confirmed. The appearance marks the superstar's first TV role since Parks and Recreation went off the air in 2015.In the episode, slated to air in January, Pratt will play Nick, a charming horseback riding instructor who Christy (Faris) takes a liking to. One problem? He's Marjorie's (Mimi Kennedy) nephew, and she's declared him off limits!EW first reported the news.

While the guest star spot is Pratt's first time appearing on his wife's show since its debut in 2013, it's hardly the first time they've shared the screen together. Beginning with 2011's Take Me Home Tonight, they've appeared in a total of three film together. The others? What's Your Number (also in 2011) and Movie 43 (2012).While the appearance on Mom is his first TV spot since Parks and Rec ended, Pratt has kept busy. Up next on the big screen are sci-fi romance Passengers with Jennifer Lawrence later this year and the highly-anticipated Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 in the summer of 2017.

Pratt's addition to Mom is the latest in a series of big swings the CBS comedy is making in its fourth season. A mini The West Wing reunion is on the way with Bradley Whitford stopping by to act opposite Allison Janney (who plays Christy's mom, Bonnie). There's also a very special episode involving Christy's young son Roscoe (Blake Garrett Rosenthal) coming up where the kid is caught smoking his first joint.Are you as excited for Chris Pratt on Mom as we are? Sound off in the comments below.Mom returns for season four on Thursday, Oct. 27 at 9 p.m. on CBS.
/n