Netflix in Talks with ‘Gilmore Girls’ Creator for More Episodes/n





                    Why We Hated the 'Gilmore Girls' Revival
                







Oy! Enough with the cliffhangers already! 

 MORE >>










                    Is Netflix Planning to Make More 'Gilmore Girls' Episodes?
                







Life after those final four words.

 MORE >>





Another year of Gilmore Girls?

Netflix is reportedly in “very preliminary” negotiations with series creator Amy Sherman-Palladino for more episodes of the beloved series.
“The worst thing is to wait a couple of years for your favorite show to come back and for it to disappoint you but they sure delivered and people were really excited about more and we have been talking to them about the possibility of that,” Netflix exec Ted Sarandos told the Press Association.
Sarandos added the streaming service “loved the success” of the revival, which premiered as a four-parter last November after being off the air for nine years, and asserted that it “delivered what they hoped” to fans.


Lauren Graham's Best Lorelai Quotes from 'Gilmore Girls'








































16 Photos »


In 2016, Sherman-Palladino said she was waiting to see just how the reboot will be received before potentially planning new episodes.
“We really had a very specific journey in our minds and we fulfilled the journey,” she told The Hollywood Reporter. “So to us, this is the piece that we wanted to do. And the whole thought about, is there more, is there more, is there more — this has to go out into the universe now. We’ve got to put this to bed and then whatever happens, happens.”
Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life was meant to be a stand-alone series to finish the story showrunners were not able to tell when the show ended in 2007 after seven season. Seeing the return of Lauren Graham and Alexis Bledel, the revival — much to fans’ chagrin — ended on yet another cliffhanger.


'Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life' Set Photos








































10 Photos »


/n