The Stunning Mansion Where Michael Jackson Died For Sale – Take A Peek Inside!/n
By Alexis Tereszcuk – Radar Senior Reporter
The mansion where Michael Jackson tragically died on June 25, 2009, is now up for sale and RadarOnline.com has a sneak peek inside the luxurious home, courtesy of our friends at Zillow.com.  
Just to up the star factor, there is an additional celebrity connection to the stunning estate, as Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Kyle Richards’ husband Mauricio Umansky is brokering the property sale –- which has a listing price of a whopping $23.9 million!PHOTOS: Take A Peek Inside The Stunning Mansion Where Michael Jackson Died 
Umansky explained to Zillow what his connection was to Jackson, and why he thinks the house is a good move for perspective buyers.
“I knew him and my wife has been friends with Michael Jackson since she was 8- to-10 years old,” Mauricio said.
PHOTOS: Take A Peek Inside The Rock’s Mammoth Miami Mansion
“And I personally think there’s some great energy in the house and I see it as a major positive. I’m excited to be selling it.”
The mansion is a 17,000-square foot French Chateau style estate that was built by Hubert Guez, the CEO of Hardy Designs and it is in the tony neighborhood of Holmby Hills in Los Angeles, right around the corner from Playboy mogul Hugh Hefner and British billionaire heiress, Petra Ecclestone.
PHOTOS: Celebrity Homes That Are Worth Less Than A Million
The house has seven bedrooms, 13 bathrooms, a theater, wine cellar with tasting room, an elevator, 14 fireplaces, a spacious spa with gym and a large swimming pool.
The home is where Jackson lived with his children Prince Michael, Paris and Blanket before he died. Jackson’s former physician, Dr. Conrad Murray was sentenced to four years in jail for his role in the singer’s death.
PHOTOS: Take A Peek Inside Farrah Fawcett’s Childhood Home
According to Mauricio, Jackson adored the home, which AEG rented for him for a reported $100,000 a month from December 2008 until his death in July 2009.
“He loved the master bedroom and he loved the grounds,” said Umansky. “He was happy there.”
RELATED STORIES:
TV Mansions From A Bird’s Eye View – See Where The Shows Are Shot!
Alicia Keys Lists Spectacular Manhattan Duplex For Almost $18 Million: Take A Peek Inside!
Fabulous Sex And The City Townhouse For Sale: Take A Peek Inside!
Britney Spears’ Former Malibu Home Listed For $13.5 Million – Take A Peek Inside /n