Hillary Stumbles As Donald Trump Sweeps Primaries/n
Tuesday night’s primary election results are in and Hillary Clinton cannot happy. Donald Trump won two states as Clinton lost big.
The primary results have two main takeaways: First, any chance of a Ted Cruz comeback has been squashed and second, Clinton could be in trouble.
Cruz told Glenn Beck this week that if he won Nebraska, then there would still be hope for his presidential campaign. But Trump easily took both Nebraska and West Virginia, crushing Cruz’s dreams and further solidifying the Republican nomination.
PHOTOS: Chelsea Clinton Shows Off Beautiful Baby Charlotte On NYC Stroll As Grandma Hillary Announces Candidacy For Prez!
Clinton, however lost the Democratic primary in West Virginia to Bernie Sanders. Though Clinton still holds more delegates (1,716), Sanders proved his campaign is not dead yet.
Clinton’s loss in West Virginia also proved that her past comments on the industrial class are still haunting her.
A recent video showed a coal worker confronting Clinton over remarks she made earlier this month insisting she would shut down mines. The ripples of those remarks could cost her more than just the state; it could spread ill-will to other industrial-based states in the general election.
A recent Quinnipiac poll shows further evidence that Clinton is unraveling as both she and Trump are currently tied in each of the key swing states, Florida, Ohio, and Pennsylvania.
Adding pressure, her email scandal continues to escalate as the FBI questions current and former staffers.
Cheryl Mills, Clinton’s former State Department chief of staff, temporarily walked out of an interview with federal investigators this week, after one FBI official started questioning Mills on topics that were previously agreed to be off limits.
“The questions that were considered off limits had to do with the procedure used to produce emails to the State Department so they could possibly be released publicly,” The Washington Post reported.
Clinton recently stated that she was “ready to talk to anybody” regarding her investigation, however, and the investigators have considered Mills to be a cooperative witness.
But Clinton’s primary loss in West Virginia and Mills’ interview frustrations illustrate the current tension surrounding Clinton’s campaign, suggesting she must tread carefully if she wants to fend off Sanders and eventually Trump. /n