‘Dancing With the Stars: All-Stars’ Recap: Power Shifts to the Stars on ‘Iconic Dances’ Night (VIDEO)/n





                    'DWTS' Melissa Rycroft
                







The star says that her daughter has no idea she's on the show.

 MORE >>










                    'DWTS: All-Stars' Wk 2
                







We recap the show's 5 surprising moments.

 MORE >>





 It was “Iconic Dances” theme night on ABC’s Dancing With the Stars, during which the All-Stars recreated dances that were hugely popular with viewers in past seasons.
The celebrities were also tasked with taking creative control of the dances, a first for a Dancing With the Stars cast. Adding to the pressure is dancing under the looming black cloud of a double elimination. Yes, not one but two couples will be sent home this week!
Who rose to the iconic occasion and who flopped?
 Note: Spoilers ahead if you didn’t watch Monday’s episode.
Most of the All-Stars took their role of creative director very seriously, adding their unique flair to dances made popular by the original couples. Even cranky Judge Len Goodman was awestruck with the quality of the dancing. Most everyone danced up a storm and nobody really flopped, save for a few mishaps.
 

'dwts' celebrity slim downs








































10 Photos »



The best dance of the night was Kelly Monaco’s paso doble. Not only did she make the Laila Ali/Maks Chmerkovskiy Season 4 original her own and technically perfect, partner Val Chmerkovskiy out-performed his older brother. Their performance “smacked paso booty,” said Judge Carrie Ann Inaba.
Melissa Roycroft and Tony Dovolani tie at the top for their JR Martinez samba of Season 13. Though some of the transitions were shaky, Melissa was the first to get the highest score of the season. Shawn Johnson and Derek Hough re-created sister Julianne Hough and fellow contestant Helio Castronoves’ quickstep from Season 5 and brought the audience to their feet. If not for breaking the quickstep hold rules, they could have danced off with the highest score of the night.
The most entertaining performance was given by Kirstie Alley and Maks, who channeled the Carson Kressley “Moves Like Jagger” cha cha of last season. With Maks looking and strutting around more like Mick Jagger than loveable Carson, and Kirstie simulating sexy acts then passing out, this dance was hands down the funniest two minutes of the show. See video above.
 

tv's greatest dancing shows








































6 Photos »



A few hiccups during the night belonged to Gilles Marini and Helio. Pouting that he was performing a dance by someone in the cast (Maks’ Season 10 tango), Gilles suffered a few missteps and was miserable to hear the judges point it out. Helio went into his Apolo Ohno Season 4 quickstep with high hopes, until his quick steps got caught in Chelsie Hightower’s poufy dress. Losing timing, their dance went downhill from there. On the upside, the judges didn’t hit Helio’s scores, which means they want him to stick around. Bristol Palin and Mark Ballas had their first partner fight ever during rehearsals, but made up so well she gave her best dance yet of the season, the Season 9 Joanna Krupaand Derek paso doble. Bristol remains at the bottom of the leaderboard but when has that ever mattered?
 Week 3 Leaderboard
Melissa & Tony 27
Kelly & Val 27
Shawn & Derek 26.5
Apolo & Karina 25.5
Gilles & Peta 25.5
Sabrina & Louis 25.5
Helio & Chelsie 25.5
Emmitt & Cheryl 25
Drew & Anna 24
Kirstie & Maks 24
Bristol & Mark 22.5
What was your take on Iconic Dances night? Which two All-Stars do you think will be sent home this week?
– Jessica Nicolette
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n