A 5-Year-Old Boy & Family Mowed Down By Speeding Car – He May Never Walk Again/n
A five-year-old boy along with his teenage sister and cousin were run over by a speeding car while walking on a pedestrian crosswalk in Oakland, RadarOnline.com has learned.
“Before I knew it, I saw the lights flash before me. I remember the car hitting me. I was the first one to wake up,” said the boy’s sister, Carla Mendoza, 18.
Recalling the moment she woke up and saw her cousin and young brother laying in the ground unconscious, she said to KTVU-TV: “I almost thought they didn’t make it. It was pretty horrible.”
PHOTOS: Kris Jenner Spotted Filming Scenes For ‘KUWTK’ After Frightening Car Crash!
Speaking of the incident, the teen said the car was “pretty far that if you were the driver, you would stop.”
Mendoza suffered a broken pelvis, broken leg, torn knee ligaments, and a various bruises and cuts. Her injuries will require multiple surgeries.
Five-year-old Jonathan Mendoza, suffered a spinal chord injury after being dragged under the car in the brutal accident. Doctors are not yet certain that he will ever walk again.
PHOTOS: Brain Surgery, Car Wrecks & Painkillers: Inside ‘Little People, Big World’s Scary Medical Crises
The boy’s cousin, Jackie Velasquez, 20, underwent surgery for chest injuries and is being treated for damage to her internal organs and broken ribs.
Watch The Video On RadarOnline

“I honestly thought I was dead when I was on the floor,” said Velasquez as she recalled the moment she woke up from the crash.
“I thought I was gone.”
The driver got out of his car to check up on the victims after the violent collision. It has not been confirmed whether or not the family will be filing for criminal charges.
PHOTOS: Convicted Killer Oscar Pistorius Walks Without Prosthetic Legs In Court
“Death was so close,” said Velazquez, but “at least we are alive.”
The family has set up a GoFundMe page to raise money for the three kids’ medical bills. So far, over 200 people have donated over $10,000.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n