Muhammad Ali's Son Claims He Is Broke And Nearly Homeless/n
Muhammad Ali Jr. has told the Daily Mirror that he is broke and nearly homeless—and has received a pittance from his late boxing icon father’s multi-million dollar estate.
And according to Jr., he’s only weeks away from becoming homeless and only has money for water.
Just one year after Ali’s death at age 74 in June 2016, his son, 45, claimed in the Mirror that he’s received only about $7,000 from the champ’s nearly $80 million dollar fortune.
PHOTOS: Muhammad Ali’s Daughter Reveals Stunning Details Of Father’s Last Moments Before Death
Jr. blamed his family for stopping him getting an equal share of the estate.
The son said he is staying with a friend in Florida and sleeping on the floor because he can’t afford an apartment.
Jr. is the late Ali’s only natural son – and he alleged he’s been promised an equal share of his dad’s fortune at a meeting in California with his seven sisters and adopted brother Asaad, with Ali’s fourth wife and will executor Lonnie, 59, also present.
PHOTOS: From Elton John To Donald Trump — Celebrities Pay Tribute To Muhammad Ali
But the down and out son said instead, he’d been “cut off completely.”
“This isn’t what my dad would have wanted; he would have wanted me to be OK, have a place to stay, have my money.”
As Radar has reported, Ali’s family began feuding over his fortune right after he died. A woman claiming to be Ali’s secret love child has also come forward during the estate battle.
PHOTOS: Grave Embarrassment! Muhammad Ali’s Headstone Cost Less Than $500 — Despite $80M Net Worth
Jr. said he’d been estranged from the family for 20 years and had little contact with his famous dad.
According to Jr., he moved to Chicago’s notorious gangland southside with his wife and kids, and worked odd jobs for money.
After Ali, who suffered from Parkinson’s disease, died last year, his son Jr. said his wife Shaakira dumped him and ordered him out of their home.
PHOTOS: Jamie Foxx Honors Muhammad Ali In Cassius Clay Outfit
First, Jr. stayed with his mom, who was the athlete’s first wife. But then he had to move in with his friend.
Jr. is now peddling a recipe book idea called “Knock Out Cookbook.”
Jeffrey K Eisen, an attorney for the Muhammad Ali Trust, said his trust and all its details were approved “and reflect his wishes to ensure that his legacy would be honored.”
Eisen said the trust will continue to be administered “as it was written and in accordance with the law.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n