of the fact that her mother had also battled breast cancer. Appplegte happily announced she was "100 percent clear" of cancer three weeks later. 5. Wanda Sykes: The comedian revealed in an interview on Ellen in 2011 that she was di.../n
Angelina Jolie's announcement that she had undergone a double mastectomy has, understandably, received an outpouring of support.It also reminded us that she is certainly not alone.Here now are five stars who also made the very same decision as the Oscar winner.

1. Sharon Osbourne: The former America's Got Talent judge underwent a double mastectomy after doctors discovered she carried a gene that made her susceptible to breast cancer. The decision came 10 years after she survived a battle with colon cancer."It was a no-brainer," she told Hello! magazine. "I didn't want to live the rest of my life with that shadow hanging over me."

2. Kathy Bates: The Oscar winner let it be known in September 2012 that she had undergone a double mastectomy after being diagnosed with breast cancer. The actress had previously battled ovarian cancer."My doctors assured me I'm going to be around for a long time," Bates said.

3. Giuliana Rancic: The E! News host revealed in October 2011 that she was in the early stages of battling breast cancer. "It was just a kick in the stomach," she told Today after learning she had been diagnosed with cancer. "That was definitely the hardest day. "She subsequently underwent a successful double mastectomy.

4. Christina Applegate: The actress learned in 2008 that she had an early stage of breast cancer and was undergoing treatment. While the cancer was only found in one breast, she opted to have a double mastectomy in light of the fact that her mother had also battled breast cancer.Appplegte happily announced she was "100 percent clear" of cancer three weeks later.

5. Wanda Sykes: The comedian revealed in an interview on Ellen in 2011 that she was diagnosed with breast cancer in February of that year and underwent a double mastectomy, saying she didn't want to take any chances of a recurrence."I have a lot of breast cancer history on my mother's side of the family," she told Ellen DeGeneres.
/n