Why ‘Bachelorette’ Rachel Lindsay Chose Bryan Abasolo Over Peter Krause Leads Today’s Star Sightings/n





                    Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher Help 'Bachelorette' Rachel Lindsay Find a Husband
                







Who knew Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher were such big fans of 'The Bachelorette'? 

 MORE >>





Whether you agree with her decision or not, Rachel Lindsay chose Bryan Abasolo as the winner of her season of The Bachelorette.

The 32-year-old attorney announced her officially her engagement to the 37-year-old chiropractor Monday night, giving him the final rose during the season finale of the ABC dating show. Though many fans were rooting for Peter Kraus, Rachel — who was seen flaunting her diamond engagement ring with her fiancé the day after the finale — believes she’s made the right choice in a lifelong partner.
“At the end, it was not tough for me,” she told People of her decision to go with the Miami native. “Going through it, I felt Bryan was perfect for me. Obviously nobody’s perfect — but perfect for me. I still was running away from it. So there were times when I thought, ‘Okay, maybe it’s not him, maybe it’s someone else.’ I can’t say that the whole way through I was like, ‘Yes, it’s definitely Bryan,’ but I can definitely say that in the back of my mind, ‘I really thought it was you.'”





CREDIT: JosiahW/BACKGRID


She added, “I really was scared of Bryan. I really, really was, and I really tried to fight it, and I think I talked about that. I was at this crossroads. I run to the situation that’s more difficult for me. It’s more of a challenge that I can fix. I’m a fixer, and I run away from the guy who is every single thing that I want because I just think that either I don’t deserve it. And for the first time, I stopped running away from it, and I was like, ‘Why can’t you have what you want?’ And that was Bryan.”
In fact, even the fan-favorite runner-up agrees Bryan is The One for Rachel. Despite an emotional goodbye, the 31-year-old says it was a good thing he didn’t 100 percent propose to the Bachelorette on the finale.
“She knew that it wasn’t where my heart was at the time,” he said. “I think we probably would’ve resented each other for it if she had agreed. I do think she made the right decision in the end.”


rachel lindsay and more star sightings of the day








































17 Photos »


/n