 Red Carpet Glam! The Best, Worst & Wackiest Dressed Stars At The CFDA Fashion Awards.../n
By Leah Ornstein – Radar Features Editor
The style stakes were high in New York City on Monday night at the CFDA Fashion Awards, where Hollywood’s hottest stars rubbed shoulders with the sexiest supermodels and top fashion designers – but not everyone was dressed to thrill at the swanky style soiree! RadarOnline.com has photos of the best, worst & wackiest dressed stars of the evening. 
Sexy was definitely on the attire agenda! Zoe Saldana and Kate Bosworth both showed off their enviable abs in crafty cutouts. While Saldana sizzled in a Prabal Gurung stunner with Irene Neuwirth earrings, Bosworth stood out in the crowd wearing a sexy and heavily embellished Altuzarra dress with Gianvito Rossi for Altuzarra heels.
PHOTOS: The CFDA Fashion Awards Best Worst And Wackiest Dressed Other best dressed babes included Dakota Fanning, who went for a totally chic and uber-edgy Proenza Schouler kimono dress, pairing the eccentric attire with heels and a clutch from the same collection, Mandy Moore, who glammed up in a sophisticated ivory colored Lela Rose gown, that featured embellished shoulders, and Julianne Hough, who looked red hot, taking the plunge in a Kaufman Franco Chinese red stretch crepe gown.  
Mary-Kate Olsen got a little too goth, debuting her new dark locks with a figure-drenching gown from her collection The Row, while Busy Phillips also flopped wearing a fringed jumpsuit with Irene Neuwirth earrings.

PHOTOS: Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Best, Worst & Wackiest Dressed
As for wacky, funky fashion designer Betsey Johnson lived up to her hype, looking totally bizarre in one of her designs.
For the rest of the best, worst & wackiest dressed stars at the CFDA Fashion Awards, click here.
RELATED STORIES:
2012 MTV Movie Awards: The Best, Worst & Wackiest Dressed StarsKate Middleton Wows As The Lady In Red At Queen’s Jubilee
The Best, Worst & Wackiest Dressed Stars Of The WeekWho Me, A Bombshell? Charlize Theron Dazzles At Prometheus Premiere /n