Divorce, Anger Management, & Uninvited Party Guests Take Over The Drama-Filled Real Housewives Of Atlanta Season Premiere! Get The Recap!/n

Houses are going up and relationships are crumbling down.
That's what we learned on the drama-filled season premiere of the Real Housewives of Atlanta!
Sheree Whitfield and Kenya Moore were busy battling out which one of their home renovations would be finished first, though Kenya revealed her motivation to get the house done "right" was due to her recent split from Matt Jordan.
Related: Vicki Gunvalson's Daughter Briana Diagnosed With Lupus
In the midst of the chaos, Kenya thought it would be a great idea to have a housewarming party — so, she sent a dramatic invitation to the home of Phaedra Parks, who is herself currently in the midst of a messy divorce from Apollo Nida.
It just so happened that Porsha Williams was at Phaedra's house when the over-the-top invitation arrived, which led to Phaedra inviting Porsha as her date, since she's not ready to jump back into the dating pool yet.
Speaking of toxic relationships, Cynthia Bailey decided it was time to pull the plug on her  marriage to Peter Thomas. Reporting that she and Peter had been living apart for "about five months," the model-management guru met with a lawyer for advice on getting the wheels turning for a divorce.
Video: RHONJ Newbies Chase Jacqueline Laurita Down On The Finale!
While both parties seemed ready to just move on, Cynthia encountered an awkward situation when she couldn't find her prenuptial agreement, so she had to FaceTime her soon-to-be ex and ask where it was — which led to a bit of a tiff between the two.
The episode concluded with a Real Housewives cliffhanger when two unexpected guests showed up at Kenya's housewarming party: the first was Porsha (uh oh) and the second was… Matt! (Oh sh*t!)
Ch-ch-check out a clip (below) to see Kenya's reaction to Porsha crashing her party!

Later on Watch What Happens Live, Kandi Burress dished on whether she thinks if there was cheating involved with Cynthia's divorce, and claimed Porsha only went to anger management therapy for the cameras!
Watch the shade (below)!

[Image via Bravo.]
/n