Emmys 2016: The Wildest Moments You Didn't See on TV/n
The awards for TV’s best were handed out at the 68th annual Primetime Emmy Awards on Sunday evening – but there were plenty of moments viewers didn’t see that took place when the cameras weren’t rolling! 
Here are some fun, behind-the-scenes moments PEOPLE witnessed from inside the ceremony and afterparties that didn’t make it onto the TV screen.
Before the start of the show, host Jimmy Kimmel was spotted bending down and yelling at Scandal actress Kerry Washington‘s pregnant belly on the red carpet. “Hi baby! Hi!” Kimmel said at the wrap of his EXTRA interview as a laughing Washington ascended onto the platform. 
During a commercial break, – which at times played some of the Green Bay Packers’ Sunday night game on the big screen – nominees William H. Macy and Felicity Huffman caught up and chatted with Connie Britton. 
Though Sofia Vergara took a bite of her peanut butter and jelly sandwich that was inside the brown paper bags handed out during the live show, she later admitted that the bread was “stale.” Other snacks in the brown sacks included a very berry juice box, apple and cookie, as well as a handwritten note from Kimmel’s mom on a paper napkin. 
Sarah Paulson donned a green Prada dress for the Emmy Awards, which was shedding little beaded pieces by the end of the night. In good humor, the Emmy-winning actress encouraged people to keep them as “Prada souvenirs.” In honor of her first Emmy win, Paulson remarked that she would celebrate with her date, Marcia Clark.
Priyanka Chopra also talked about her Emmys gown. Asked why she opted for the color red, the Quantico actress admitted, “Because it was an amazing color and I wanted to wear something summery because I knew it was going to be so hot.”
Following Regina King‘s Emmy win and acceptance speech, the actress received a warm, congratulatory embrace from Washington when the cameras cut away for a commercial break.
Although Tom Hiddleston didn’t walk away with an Emmy Award at Sunday evening’s show, he celebrated Night Manager director Susanne Bier’s win with a huge hug – and also took a selfie with an adoring fan during a commercial break!
After the wrap of the show, Julia Louis-Dreyfus‘ Veep costar Gary Cole gave a hug and expressed his condolences to the Emmy-winning actress on the passing of her father, who died Friday. Louis-Dreyfus also connected with Anna Chlumsky after the awards. Chlumsky, who recently gave birth to her second daughter, pulled out photos to share with the Veep star.
Fred Armisen and Natasha Lyonne opted for an unusual form of transportation at the wrap of the Emmy Awards. Complete with a casket in the back, the couple was spotted leaving the Microsoft Theater in a hearse. 
Courtesy Patrick GomezUpon arriving at the Fox party, a source tells PEOPLE that Modern Family actress Vergara rushed into the bathroom to put Bandaids on her feet because her shoes were hurting her. Vergara also made her way back to the food table for a second round of snacks. She was overheard telling a friend, “They have different food in different places!”
Also at the Fox party were fellow Modern Family stars Julie Bowen – she arrived solo –, producer Christopher Lloyd and Sarah Hyland, who changed dresses for the occasion. “I always change. You want to be able to move around and have fun,” Hyland told PEOPLE. 
As they entered the Governor’s Ball, Chris Rock and his girlfriend Megalyn Echikunwoke were seen sweetly holding hands as they walked into the after-party and made their way to their table. Emmy winner Carson Daly made his way through the party with his statue in hand and was stopped by several fans for photos.
Also at the Governor’s Ball, Claire Danes and Hugh Dancy chatted with party guests at their table, which included crutches-stricken Rupert Friend and his wife. Danes enjoyed a bite to eat and could be seen sweetly rubbing Dancy’s back. Louis-Dreyfus was also seen walking into party with her Emmy in hand and made time to stop and pose for a selfie with a fan.
And Emmy parties aren’t just for the adults! The underage cast members on Netflix’s Stranger Things were seen skipping around the room together at the Governor’s Ball. To entertain the crowd, attendees listened  and danced along as Voice winner Jordan Smith performed. Attendees that were spotted dancing included Lisa Vanderpump and Bob Odenkirk. 
Mr. Robot Emmy winner and star Rami Malek also made his way to the Ball, where he was spotted proudly holding his golden statue and posed for a photos with Sam Esmail (whose fiancée Emmy Rossum patiently waited nearby) and fellow Emmy winner Ryan Murphy.
The 68th annual Primetime Emmy Awards aired live on ABC from the Microsoft Theater in Los Angeles. See the complete list of winners here.
Reporting by MELODY CHIU, PATRICK GOMEZ, MARIAH HAAS, SCOTT HUVER, LIZZ LEONARD, RAHA LEWIS, GABRIELLE OLYA and KARA WARNER
/n