 Mel B & Simon Cowell’s ‘AGT’ Fight Was Staged, Says Source: 'She Knew It Was.../n
Mel B and Simon Cowell’s scandalous on-screen argument over the Spice Girls star’s wedding was staged, RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal! After the legendary judge fired a mean comment at Brown over her rocky divorce during an episode of America’s Got Talent, a source came forward, telling Radar it was all for show.
“Mel knew the ‘wedding night’ comment was coming which is why her sponsored Dunkin’ Donuts cup was filled with water and not coffee,” claimed the source.
As fans know, Cowell blurted out an insensitive comment to Brown after a magic performance went wrong on stage. “I kind of imagine this would be like Mel B’s wedding night,” Cowell said. “A lot of anticipation, not much promise or delivery.”
PHOTOS: Stephen Belafonte Calls Out Mel B In Instagram Rant
“Simon is up for everything when it comes to getting attention for the show,” added the insider. “He’s a genius at publicity and this show is his baby. Expect lots and lots more fights. Especially when the cameras are rolling.”
The insult came after Brown announced her split from husband of ten years, Stephen Belafonte, claiming he had sex with their nanny Lorraine Gilles without her knowledge, and even got her pregnant.
While she was previously ordered to pay Belafonte $40K per month in spousal support, she is currently seeking to terminate that agreement. She is also trapped in a custody battle over their 5-year-old daughter, Madison, 5.
After Cowell’s comment, Brown threw a cup of water at him and stormed off stage.
PHOTOS: Stephen Belafonte Goes Solo Amid Rumors Mel B Is Dating A Cop – See The Pics
Pointed out the source: “After the show Mel did the press so she couldn’t have been that upset. Simon skipped the press, adding more drama to the fight!””
Brown claimed after the incident: “He should know if you say something inappropriate he’s gonna, like, get stuff thrown at him, in a friendly way. I made sure there was no ice in it this time.”
Continued the singer: “I told him he was an a**hole and that was it, and he goes, ‘Oh, whatever.’”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n