 Amy Roloff & Boyfriend Chris Going Strong Amid Her Ex's Shocking New Relationship.../n
Little People, Big World star Amy Roloff may have been blindsided by her ex-husband Matt‘s new romance with a mutual friend, but she’s moving forward in her own love life.
As RadarOnline.com exclusively revealed earlier this year, the 52-year-old mother of four has been dating Portland, Oregon-based real estate broker Chris Marek for more than six months — and the bachelor turned family man is spilling the details!
“Everything is going well,” Chris, 54, told Radar yesterday.
PHOTOS:Cheating Scandal? Matt Roloff Admitted He Didn’t Make Commitment A Priority
Though he’s met the majority of his girlfriend’s children — twins Jeremy and Zach, 26, and rebellious youngest son Jacob, 20 — he has yet to meet her only daughter.
“No, I still haven’t met Molly yet,” he added of the recently engaged 23-year-old, who lives and works near Spokane, Washington. “She isn’t in town very often.”
Like her outspoken new man, the reality matriarch hasn’t been shy about flaunting her love.
PHOTOS: ‘Little People,’ Big Feud! Rebel Son Jacob Roloff’s 10 Biggest Disses To His Family
On Valentine’s Day, she gushed over their date at the Portland Art Museum and Higgins restaurant.
“A lovely wonderful Valentine’s Day with this guy,” she captioned a sweet pic.





 A lovely wonderful Valentines Day ❤w/ this guy. Spent time at the Portland Art Museum and a wonderful dinner at Higgins downtown Portland. I felt special.  #secondact #lifesurprise #valentinesdaymoment #love❤
A post shared by Amy Roloff (@amyjroloff) on Feb 15, 2017 at 10:52pm PST



And last week, she hosted a tomato soup and grilled cheese dinner with Chris and other friends.
“I couldn’t be more blessed,” she said.





 I'm so happy happy that y'all were able to come and wanted to.  My Wednesday Soup Nights.  Again, I love to cook and share a meal w/ great special friends that mean so much to me. It was a nostalgia kind of soup night – Tomato Soup and a couple of varieties of Grilled Cheese Sandwiches.  Aww.. good good great friends and more ❤. I couldn't be more blessed.  #secondact #wednesdaysoupnights #tomatosoupgrilledcheesesandwiches #goodfriendsgoodtimes #godisgood #imblessed
A post shared by Amy Roloff (@amyjroloff) on Mar 23, 2017 at 12:15am PDT



Meanwhile, ex Matt, 55, has been flaunting his own love with family farm manager Caryn Chandler, 49 — which struck some fans as “tacky.”
Caryn has worked for the family since at least 2011. Amy has not yet publicly responded to the news of the surprising coupling.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n