'Brokeback Mountain' Sparks Interest in Wyoming/nBy JENNIFER BYRD, ASSOCIATED PRESS WRITER Fans of "Brokeback Mountain" don't seem  to care the movie was actually filmed in Canada.  They want the Wyoming experience.  The Wyoming Business Council's travel and tourism department has  received hundreds of calls asking about scenery in the movie, which  is based on Pulitzer Prize-winner Annie Proulx's short story about  two gay Wyoming cowboys.  "When we tell them it was shot in Canada, they're still  interested in Wyoming," said Michell Howard, manager of the  council's film, arts and entertainment office. "They don't hang up  and call Alberta. They're intrigued in the story."  Wyoming Business Council spokesman Chuck Coon said he hasn't  seen a movie generate this much interest in the state during his 15  years with the travel and tourism department.  "In terms of phone calls and Internet requests, it's usually  slow this time of the year," he said. "This movie has changed  that."  Tourism officials have long known that a good movie can attract  tourists. Store owners in Livingston, Mont., say customers still  come to see the area where "A River Runs Through It" was filmed,  said Sten Iverson of the Montana Film Office; New Zealand is  banking on "Lord of the Rings" tours; "Sideways" didn't just  create a demand for wine tours around Santa Barbara, Calif., it  boosted sales of certain wines.  Wyoming has had a hard time tapping into that market, though,  because so few big-budget movies are filmed here.  Occasionally people who see reruns of "Close Encounters of the  Third Kind" -- a 1977 movie shot near Devil's Tower -- call with  questions about the state, Coon said.  "But there's surprisingly much more interest in Brokeback," he  said. "The subject matter has something to do with it, but most of  the calls we get are asking about scenery."  Coon said Ang Lee, the director of "Brokeback Mountain,"  toured much of the eastern Big Horn Mountains and several nearby  towns when scouting locations for the film. But because of budget  concerns, Lee shot the film in Canada.  Financial incentives have drawn many film companies to Canada,  which has built a $5 billion film industry in the process. Because  of the high amount of production there already, companies can hire  local crews instead of bringing them from elsewhere, cheapening the  overall price of the project.  Wyoming, on the other hand, doesn't have enough skilled workers  for most large film crews, Howard said; if a major project was shot  here, crews would have to be brought in from outside.  Three movies in the last three years -- "An Unfinished Life"  starring Redford and Jennifer Lopez in 2003, "Brokeback Mountain"  in 2004 and "Flicka" in 2005 -- had stories set in Wyoming but  were not primarily filmed in the state.  "Flicka," a remake of the 1950's television series "My Friend  Flicka," scheduled to come out next year, was primarily shot in  California. There were, however, a couple of weeks of location  shooting near Sheridan, Howard said.  Wyoming business and travel leaders are trying to find ways to  lure movie production companies to film in the state, including a  proposal to rebate up to 15 percent of purchases made in the state  by film companies that spend at least $500,000 on production there.  The bill has good support in the legislature, Howard said, "but  we'll just have to see what they want to do."  If it passes, Howard also wants to create a jobs program to  train more Wyoming residents to work on film crews.  "It's kind of like the chicken and the egg, though," she said.  "You don't want to train people until you know there will be work  for them."/n