DeMario Jackson Tell-All Interview On 'BIP' Sex Scandal: Corinne 'Was The Aggressor'/n
DeMario Jackson has come forward for an interview that promises to expose the truth behind his scandalous sexual encounter with Corinne Olympios, RadarOnline.com can report.
“That night was probably the wildest night of my entire life,” Jackson, 30, told E! News. “Like we went for it.”
The Bachelor in Paradise star found himself in the center of a humiliating outrage when Olympios, 25, accused him of sexually assaulting her while on set.
According to Jackson, the pair hit it off from the start, even telling each other on their first meeting that they were going to “going to dominate Paradise.”
PHOTOS: So Happy Together! Britt Nilsson & Brady Toops Show Off Romance On Social Media –– ‘The Bachelorette’ Stars Rebound In 6 Photos
Afterwards, “we started having a little bit more fun. Started having a few drinks. From that bar scene it got a little bit hot and heavy. She jumped in my arms, we started making out at the bar,” explained Jackson, who admitted Olympios is a “great kisser.”
Jackson then claimed that Olympios wrapped her legs around him and the pair started kissing, adding that he was “down for it” and that he didn’t think “any single man — some married ones — would turn down Corinne.”
“She’s a beautiful woman,” he told the outlet.
PHOTOS: Alleged ABC’s “The Bachelorette” Home Chosen in Charlotte, NC
The 30-year-old then claimed that Olympios suggested they take a dip in the pool. At that moment, he made sure the cameras were following them: “When you’re a man, mostly African-American man, no matter where you’re at, you always look for things that can help you out. And at that moment, I made sure that the cameras followed us. It just seemed too perfect in a sense for me. At that point, that’s when my spidey senses got up.”
He said his blonde co-star didn’t seem drunk, and at first all it was, was “kissing,” “rubbing” and “touching,” nothing was “too sexual yet.”
But then, “things got wild because it was more of like her being like the aggressor, which was like sexy because you have like a very attractive girl who’s like telling you like what she wants, it’s like a very like, ‘Wow, okay. This is hot. I like it,’ ” he explained. Jackson said he then proceeded to sit on the edge of the pool before Olympios got up and put “her lady parts like right on my face.”
PHOTOS: The Bachelor House
“We were already naked at that point. We had been naked like the second we got into the pool,” Jackson claimed.
The next day was normal, as Jackson said cast members “were all talking about how wild the previous day was. She wasn’t mad. We were hanging out.”
But two days later, producers pulled Jackson aside and told him there was an issue.
“He goes, ‘Here’s what I need you to do. I’m going to need you to bow out. Tell Chris and the crew that you love them, that you’re thankful — however, you’re not here for the right reasons,'” Jackson claimed a member of the crew told him. “I’m like, ‘What the f**k?!’ He goes, ‘I can’t tell you what I know, but it’s going to be bad if you don’t leave tonight. I’m thinking, ‘What do you mean it’s going to be bad?'”
The reports “were just so nasty. I feel like the human race failed the hell out of me,” said Jackson of when the news first broke.
As Radar previously reported, production on season 4 was halted due to the shocking accusations. But by June 20, Warner Bros. announced the investigation had been completed and the show was set to resume filming, as there were no signs of a sexual attack.
“It needs to be made clear that production of Bachelor in Paradise was shut down because of multiple complaints received from BiP producers and crew member on the set,” said Oympios’ attorney Martin Singer. “It was not shut down due to an complaint filed by Corinne against anyone. It comes as no surprise that Warner Bros., as a result of its own internal investigation, would state that no wrong doing had occurred. Our own investigation will continue based on multiple new witnesses coming forward revealing what they saw and heard.”
Bachelor in Paradise will return later this summer on ABC, and Jackson’s two-part interview will air Tuesday at 7 pm and 11 pm ET on E!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n