Matthew Perry Found Out The Odd Couple Is Canceled in the Harshest Way Possible Talk about the writing on the wall. With the fate of his CBS sitcom up in the air following its January 30 season three finale, Matthew Perry has learned the ver.../n
Talk about the writing on the wall.With the fate of his CBS sitcom up in the air following its January 30 season three finale, Matthew Perry has learned the very, very hard way that The Odd Couple probably isn't returning to the network for a fourth go-round."My face on the Odd Couple stage door has been painted over with green paint," the former Friends star shared on Twitter on Monday, April 10. "I think it's safe to assume that we have been cancelled. #subtle." 

The sitcom, the seventh screen production of Neil Simon's classic 1965 play to date, was one of just a few CBS shows not to receive an early renewal in recent weeks. A staggering 19 shows were given new season orders, leaving The Odd Couple, 2 Broke Girls and freshman The Great Indoors as the network's only comedies with unclear fates. They join dramas Criminal Minds: Beyond Borders, Elementary, Code Black, Pure Genius, Training Day, Doubt and Ransom on the chopping block.Perry had previously joked about the fate of the comedy back in January while promoting his Reelz Channel mini-series After Camelot at the Television Critics Associaton's 2017 Winter Press Tour as he turned to co-star Katie Holmes and quipped, "How are you feeling about my show getting canceled?"

Request for comment was not immediately returned by CBS.The Odd Couple, which co-starred Thomas Lennon as the fastidious Felix to Perry's slobby Oscar, as well as Yvette Nicole Brown, Lindsay Sloan and Wendell Pierce, premiered as a mid-season replacement for the 2014-15 season. It returned the following spring yet again as a midseason utility player. For its third season, it was upped to the fall line-up, premiering with only 4.58 million viewers, a steep decline in ratings from its average audience in both seasons one and two.Will you be disappointed to see The Odd Couple go? And is this possibly the harshest way a star has ever found out their show has (likely) been canceled? Sound off in the comments below!
/n