series. According to Gibson, the cast was shooting a scene late at night for the second episode of the upcoming season 12 and he told writer-producer Virgil Williams that a line contradicted an earlier line. Gibson said Williams insisted the.../n
Thomas Gibson is telling his side of the story about the day that cost him his 12-year-long gig on Criminal Minds.Gibson, who was fired from the CBS series over the summer, told People about the on-set altercation that saw him suspended and later let go from the long-running series.According to Gibson, the cast was shooting a scene late at night for the second episode of the upcoming season 12 and he told writer-producer Virgil Williams that a line contradicted an earlier line. Gibson said Williams insisted the line be kept in, that it was necessary. After his conversation, Gibson said he told his castmates about the conversation when Williams entered the room.

"He came into that room and started coming towards me. As he brushed past me, my foot came up and tapped him on the leg," Gibson said. "If I hadn't moved, he would have run into me. We had some choice words, for which I apologized the next day, and that was it. It was over. We shot the scene, I went home – and I never got to go back."Earlier reports indicated Gibson kicked Williams. He'll appear in the first two episodes of the new season."Thomas Gibson has been dismissed from Criminal Minds," ABC Studios and CBS Studios, the production companies behind Criminal Minds, said in a statement.  "Creative details for how the character's exit will be addressed in the show will be announced at a later date."

Adam Rodriguez has been added to Criminal Minds as a series regular and former cast member Paget Brewster, who was originally only supposed to guest star, will now return as a series regular."It seems like they're trying to erase me from the show. That hurts. But I'm using this time to be with my kids, and I look forward to what's next," Gibson said. "Maybe I'll do a comedy, or a play, or direct, or produce."

Following his dismissal, Gibson joined Twitter and hired a lawyer."I love Criminal Minds and have put my heart and soul into it for the last twelve years. I had hoped to see it through to the end, but that won't be possible now," Gibson said in a statement following his termination this summer. "I would just like to say thank you to the writers, producers, actors, our amazing crew, and, most importantly, the best fans that a show could ever hope to have."Criminal Minds returns Wednesday, Sept. 28 on CBS.
/n