Whoa! FDA Bans Common Soap Ingredient Found In THESE Big Name Brands!/n

Looks like these companies will have to clean up their products.
On Friday, the Food and Drug Administration announced it is banning the use of several common ingredients in antibacterial soaps and washes.
Manufacturers will have one year to remove 19 active ingredients from their products or take them off the market.
Related: Kim Kardashian Is Now Drinking Charcoal?!
The two most common of these are triclosan, typically used in liquid antibacterial soaps, and triclocarban, used in bar soaps.
But that's not the only bombshell the FDA dropped! Apparently, antibacterial products are no more effective than conventional soap and water in preventing illnesses — and might even pose health risks!
Janet Woodcock, director of the FDA's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, said in a statement: 

"Consumers may think antibacterial washes are more effective at preventing the spread of germs, but we have no scientific evidence that they are any better than plain soap and water. In fact, some data suggests that antibacterial ingredients may do more harm than good over the long-term."
FDA director of nonprescription drug products Theresa Michele told press that the "vast majority" of the 2,000 plus antibacterial products on the market contain at least one of the banned ingredients.
Triclosan and triclobaran alone are found in these products: 

Soap:
Dial Liquid handsoap and bodywash
Tea Tree Therapy Liquid Soap
Clearasil Daily Face Wash
Dermalogica Skin Purifying Wipes
DermaKleen Antibacterial Lotion Soap
CVS Antibacterial Soap
Ajax Antibacterial Dishsoap
Kimcare Antibacterial Clear Soap
Bath and Body Works Antibacterial Hand Soaps
Gels and Foaming Sanitizers
Dental Care:
Colgate Total
Breeze Daily Mouthwash
ReachAntibacterial Toothbrush
Cosmetics: 
Garden Botanika Powder Foundation
Mavala Lip Base
Movate Skin Litening Cream HQ
Paul Mitchell Detangler Comb
Revlon ColorStay LipSHINE Lipcolor Plus Gloss
Babor Volume Mascara
Phytomer Perfect Visage Gentle Cleansing Milk
Phytomer Hydracontinue Instant Moisture Cream
Bath and Body Works Antibacterial Moisturizing Lotions
Deodorant:
Arm and Hammer Essentials Natural Deodorant
Queen Helene Tea Trea Oil Deodorant and Aloe Deodorant
DeCleor Deodorant Stick
Epoch Deodorant with Citrisomes

Michele said that when the agency asked manufacturers for data showing the long-term use of the ingredients was safe and more effective, the companies either didn't provide the data or the material wasn't convincing.
Related: Juan Gabriel's Heart Issues & Diabetes Contributed To His Sudden Passing
The American Cleaning Institute, which represents cleaning product makers, disputed the FDA's claim, saying manufacturers had submitted the required information.
In a statement, the group assured that antibacterial soaps and washes "continue to be safe and effective products for millions of people every single day," adding:

"The FDA already has in its hands data that shows the safety and effectiveness of antibacterial soaps. Manufacturers are continuing their work to provide even more science and research to fill data gaps identified by FDA."
Though Michele says some manufacturers, including Johnson & Johnson and Proctor and Gamble, are already beginning to phase out some of the banned ingredients.
Do YOUR products have any of the banned ingredients in them??
/n