'I Would Lawyer Up!' Amber Threatens Ex Matt After 'Marriage Bootcamp' Stint/n
Marriage Bootcamp: Reality Stars didn’t seem to fix Amber Portwood and Matt Baier‘s tumultuous relationship! The Teen Mom OG star slammed the show and her ex-fiancé in a Twitter rampage over the weekend.
As Radar exclusively reported, Portwood and Baier were in Los Angeles to film for the upcoming season of Marriage Bootcamp: Reality Stars.
“I need to get out of this house,” she tweeted. “Drunk bimbo with too many opinions! This isn’t going to end well when I’m done!!! Fake.”
PHOTOS: ‘Teen Mom’ Amber Portwood Reveals Her New Home
When Portwood tweeted that she “can’t kick out this blonde jacka**” out of the house, fans assumed she was talking about Farrah Abraham.
“I wish Farrah was here,” she responded of her enemy, who she slapped across the face at the TMOG reunion. “I would be much happier!”
She then continued to fire, “I’m doing a show that I should have never agreed to do. I’ve been taken out of my element too many times. However I’ve learned a lot. I’ve literally let this house consume me and set my anger off more than I could ever imagine! I know my limits and I’m at the end!”
PHOTOS: ‘Teen Mom’ Star Amber Portwood Flashes Engagement Ring While Out With Fiancé In NYC
But Portwood didn’t stop there, as she then took aim at her on-again, off-again fiancé once filming ended!
When Baier tweeted, “Here’s to a long weekend! What are everyone’s plans for #FourthOfJuly weekend?” she fired, “Long weekend of getting dumped.”
She then blasted in now-deleted tweets, “Take all my kids pics off your dumb social media and me and you while you’re at it… thanks have fun at whoever’s house you’re at.”

PHOTOS: Amber Portwood Before She Was Famous: Adorable Childhood Photos
She then told him to “lawyer up,” since he owes her “a little bit of change.”
On the season finale, she revealed that he drained her bank accounts.
She ended the rampage with, “Been two days at @MattEPT is already posting videos on Instagram of him at someone’s house with 50 bottle of liquor everywhere… it’s on.”
PHOTOS: DUIs, Drugs, Debt & Secret Children: Amber Portwood’s Fiance Matt Baier’s 11 Most Shocking Secrets & Scandals
As Radar reported, Portwood dumped Baier when he failed a lie detector test after he was busted texting another woman.
Although they were “still living together” at the time, she revealed over Instagram live in June that they are not together.
Are you surprised the show didn’t help their relationship? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n