Marriage, Babies, & Reality TV — Aaron Carter Has All Kinds Of Plans For His Future With GF Madison Parker!/n

Aaron Carter is grateful to have girlfriend Madison Parker by his side during this tough time.
In fact, while speaking with Entertainment Tonight, the Fool's Gold artist couldn't stop gushing about the professional photographer. The former child star even revealed that he hopes to marry Miz Parker one day. Ooh la la!
Related: 911 Call From Aaron Carter's DUI Bust Released
During the latest released bit from Aaron's Monday chat with the outlet, the Aaron's Party performer noted that he just wants to "live life and be happy" alongside his main squeeze. Nick Carter's brother explained: 
"I wanna be married. I wanna be engaged to my beautiful girlfriend, Madison. I wanna be a good father, a good role model, a strong role model."
Later in the interview, the pop star stated that he also wants "lots of babies," specifically daughters. Awwww.
Madison, who joined Carter during the sit down, confirmed that they first met via Instagram. On their modern love story, Carter recalled:
"She's a professional photographer and she wanted to do a shoot with me and I thought she was beautiful, so we FaceTimed for three days. When I got home to LA… I took her off to Moonshadows and I took her out to dinner."
And it appears as though the camera savvy lady is VVV smitten with Hilary Duff's ex. Madison added:
"I wanted to shoot him for a magazine because I was like, 'Everyone wants to know what Aaron Carter's been up to.' And so then that's how we initially met. And I told him, 'You're one of the only guys that courted me.'… He's not one of those typical L.A. guys that says, 'Oh, let's go grab a drink."
Fair enough. Outside of Aaron's celebrity status, Parker fell in love with "how sweet he was." She continued:
"I instantly saw that he had the biggest heart ever. That's what a lot of people don't understand or don't care to understand or take the time to understand."
Madison's unconditional love clearly means the world to the 29-year-old as he claimed that being with Madison and her family is the only time where he feels "at home." And like his brother Nick, Aaron could "absolutely" see himself participating in a reality show about his life with his lady. We mean, he's already been a reality TV star thanks to the House Of Carters.
Although the twosome have had "a couple offers so far," Madison revealed the idea of being on a TV show makes her "nervous." Regardless, she liked the "Bonnie and Clyde" angle her man pitched to the cameras. Well, they already have the matching mugshots. (In case you forgot, Parker was arrested alongside the hitmaker on Saturday.)
At the end of the day, we're just glad to see that Aaron has someone in his corner.
[Image via Instagram.]
/n