know. To continue reading more from the cast reunions of Felicity, as well as those of Misery, The Rocky Horror Show, Family Ties, Bring It On, and Muriel's Wedding, pick up the new issue celebrating Entertainment Weekly's 25th ann.../n
Dear Sally: We're dying right now.Millennials are going through an overdose of nostalgia right now, thanks to Entertainment Weekly's Reunion issue, which features none other than the cast of Felicity together again on the cover (and in bed!). Yep, the famous small-screen love triangle that was Keri Russell, Scott Speedman and Scott Foley have reunited and our hearts almost can't handle it.It's the first time the trio have been in the same room since the cult-favorite WB drama wrapped in 2002, but you'd never guess that. Their chemistry is still on point and we're instantly taken back to the days of Felicity, Ben and Noel.



Chris Craymer/Entertainment Weekly

And as for Foley, well, he was actually Ben—until Speedman arrived."I had done the first season of Dawson's Creek and the casting person knew who I was and called me in to read for the Ben role. Then I read for Noel. They called me back in for Ben and I tested that part two or three times. They cast me as Ben," Foley revealed."I had wardrobe fittings and table readings and everything and then J.J. and Matt said, ‘Hey we found someone we think is a great guy to play Ben.' I said, ‘I'm Ben!' They asked if I would be interested in playing Noel instead, and I was so happy to have a job I said of course. Speedman showed up with a safety pin holding his shirt together and I said, ‘You're right. He's perfect for Ben.'"LOL! Speedman added that during their first read-through, the questioned whether the casting decisions were right. "[Foley and I] were smoking outside of Century City and she [points to Russell] shows up and I was like, 'That's Felicity? She's way too pretty. She's supposed to be a nerd! This show is never going to work.'"Little did he know.To continue reading more from the cast reunions of Felicity, as well as those of Misery, The Rocky Horror Show, Family Ties, Bring It On, and Muriel's Wedding, pick up the new issue celebrating Entertainment Weekly's 25th anniversary, on newsstands Friday.

Speaking of onscreen relationships, check out the top 9 epic movie breakups!
/n