Tuesday Ten: 10 Fabulous Fall Coats and Jackets/n
Trees are changing color, leaves are falling and the weather is finally starting to cool down into that crispness we absolutely adore about fall!
But have you updated your closet yet in preparation of the cooler months ahead?

Worry no more! Today’s edition of Tuesday Ten is dedicated to all the fabulous fall coats that are in this season.  From leather to wool, cropped to floor-length, there are so many adorably chic styles!
Check out my 10 favorites (worthy of any celeb wardrobe) and find out where to buy them below:

1. Faux Fur. Add some diva to your style with a little fur–always FAUX, of course!  A pair of jeans with a white shirt with a fur jacket is just the right amount of chic for any occasion.  You can find this one at ChicWish.
2. Army Green.  Last fall, army green took over our wardrobe, and it’s still all the rage this year.  I love the length of this parka from UNIQLO with the fur on the hood! So cute!
3. Leather Moto.  Get a little edgy in a cropped, leather moto jacket this fall.  Kylie Jenner is a big fan of this rebel style!  You can find this one on Style Stalker!
4. Parka.  Remember those parkas you got in high school for your cold sports games?  Well they’re back in style this year!  This puffy, black one from H&M is the perfect go-to to have in your closet for those rainy or snowy days.
5. Trench.  Get all inspector gadget with an adorable trench coat this season!  It’ll keep you warm and give you that structure, chic touch all at the same time! Bardot makes this one.
6. Wool Blend.  Wool coats are making a huge comeback this year, too.  From camel to colorful, you can’t go wrong with a wool-blended coat like this one from H&M!
7. Colored Leather.  Just the other day we saw Hilary Duff rocking a red leather jacket, proving that colored leather makes a big statement.  I’m obsessed with this baby pink one from Bardot!
8. Two-Toned.  Can’t decide if you want a leather jacket or a patterned one? A black or a white coat?  Go for both with two tones! I love that this black and white leather jacket from Style Stalker also plays up the patterned theme… Can you say MUST HAVE?!
9. Shearling.  Another blast from the past! Shearling has made it’s way back on the racks, and I have to say I’m obsessing over it.  This coat from ChicWish is everything!
10. Plaid.  As with pants and skirts and shirts and everything else, plaid jackets are totally on-point this season!  Go for a mid-length style like this one from BooHoo to really make a statement!
Launch the gallery above to see more styles for fall!
What’s your go-to style for jackets this season?  Sound off in the comments below!

/n