Breaking News: Prince Siblings Demand Emergency Court Date Over Love Child Claims/n
Prince‘s siblings have finally come to an agreement and set a date for his memorial celebration in October — but behind the scenes, RadarOnline.com has learned, the battle over his $300 million estate is nastier than ever!
According to court documents obtained by Radar, the singer’s siblings have requested a private meeting with the Minnesota court amid new claims that a true heir to his millions has been found.
Tyka Nelson, the pop icon’s only full sibling, filed a petition with her half brothers and sisters John, Norrine and Sharon Nelson, Omarr Baker and Alfred Jackson, with the Carver County court this week.
PHOTOS: Prince Estate Battle Explodes: Love Child Claims, Siblings At War & More
The court-appointed Special Administrator has already determined that the Nelsons, Baker and Jackson are heirs. But the family believes, according to the court documents, that the court needs to come clean about who else might be in the running for a cut of the money.
“The Special Administrator has not identified a surviving spouse of Decedent and has not identified any surviving issue of Decedent,” the document says. “A determination of heirs is needed to identify which individuals may file a Petition for General Administration and appoint a personal representative for the Decedent’s estate.”
A response to their claim has not yet been filed.
PHOTOS: Prince’s Secret Love Child Exposed!
The shocking request came just hours after news of a new love child surfaced!
A man, who has yet to be identified, was determined to be 99% related to Prince after a private DNA test was administered, The Santa Monica Observer reported on Thursday.
Although limited personal information is known about the illegitimate child, the publication claims that Prince’s estate might end up coming to some sort of settlement agreement.
As Radar previously reported, the heir showdown got even messier when Darcell Gresham Johnston filed documents claiming that the Prince’s real father wasn’t John L. Nelson, but a man named Loyal James Gresham Jr – who she claims had a steamy affair with the musician’s mom, Mattie Shaw!
Story developing. /n