 PETA Calls For Federal Investigation Into Conrad Murray Propofol Study On Beagle Dogs.../n
By Alexis Tereszcuk – Radar Senior Reporter
The shocking news that Dr. Conrad Murray‘s defense team tested the drug Propofol on Beagle dogs to help with his case in the Michael Jackson death trial has outraged PETA so much that they’re calling for a federal investigation, saying it would have caused “enormous suffering in the animals.”
As RadarOnline.com exclusively reported, Dr. Murray’s defense team commissioned a study testing the affects of the powerful anesthetic on Beagle dogs, to bolster their claim that Michael Jackson orally overdosed on the drug.
“I cannot imagine any use for this information at all,” PETA’s Vice President of Laboratory Kathy Guillermo exclusively told RadarOnline.com. “These tests cause enormous suffering in animals.”
PHOTOS: Key Players In The Trial Of Dr. Conrad Murray
PETA (the People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals organization), filed a complaint with the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) on Monday alleging “cruel drug toxicity tests on beagles commissioned by the defense team of Dr. Conrad Murray, the physician now on trial for his alleged role in Michael Jackson’s death. 
“PETA asserts that if attorneys from Flanagan, Unger, Grover & McCool did commission the tests for the drug propofol – the toxic effects of which have been extensively studied in dogs and humans – those tests were likely conducted in violation of the federal Animal Welfare Act’s prohibition against tests on animals that duplicate previous experiments. PETA has filed a complaint with the State Bar of California as well.”
Read PETA’s Letter To The USDA
The animal rights organization is also requesting that the California State Bar investigate “how and why these cruel and archaic tests on beagles were allowed and, should violations of the law be found, to punish those responsible.”
Whether or not the dogs died during the tests that Dr. Murray’s team conducted is unclear, but PETA says the tests torture the innocent animals.
Read PETA’s Complaint To The California Bar
“In toxicology tests, large doses of chemicals are pumped into dogs’ bodies, slowly poisoning them. Substantial data are publicly available about the oral toxicity of propofol in dogs and other animals, and propofol toxicity and propofol infusion syndrome have been extensively studied in humans. PETA is calling on the USDA to also investigate whether the tests reportedly commissioned by Dr. Murray’s defense team were conducted at a registered facility and whether they were properly reviewed and approved by an Institutional Animal Care and Use Committee.”
As PETA previously told RadarOnline.com, “This would have greatly upset Michael, who was known to be a huge animal lover.  This was obviously a cruel attempt to drag out this trial and confuse the jurors, adding more victims to the death toll in this sad case.”
PHOTOS: The Jackson Family Arrives To Dr. Conrad Murray’s Trial
Guillermo added: “If we find evidence that the testing occurred the USDA will cite the lab, but nothing is going to bring the dogs back.”
Dr. Conard Murry’s trial will continue on Wednesday and you can watch it live, right here, on RadarOnline.com.
RELATED STORIES:
Prosecution May Call Prince To Testify In Trial Of Dr. Conrad Murray
Katherine Jackson Says Dr. Murray Is A Liar
Dr. Conrad Murray Trial On A Break Friday After Week Of Damning TestimonyPETA Slams Dr. Conrad Murray For Testing Harmful Drug Propofol On Beagle Dogs /n