Lady Gaga Announces Joanne World Tour Following Super Bowl Halftime Show Performance/n





                    Lady Gaga's Tattoo Evolution
                







See her entire ink collection! 

 MORE >>





After repelling down from the top of Houston’s NRG Stadium during the halftime show at Super Bowl LI, Lady Gaga is ready to jet across the globe to bring her fans the Joanne World Tour.

Gaga announced her upcoming tour on social media after she blew Super Bowl viewers away with her Joe Biden-approved performance on Sunday evening (Feb. 5, 2017), sharing a tour poster in which she’s seen wearing Wildfox sunglasses.


pic.twitter.com/1Azwl8RvRW
— xoxo, Joanne (@ladygaga) February 6, 2017

Tour dates were later listed on her official website. Gaga’s first stop will be in Vancouver at Rogers Arena on Aug. 1. Thereafter, she’ll make her way through Sacramento, Omaha, and Chicago before landing on the East Coast in New York. International tour dates are booked in Milan, Amsterdam, Paris, Copenhagen, and Berlin. Currently, the final tour date is set for Dec. 14 in Salt Lake City, Utah. Click here  to see the full list of dates.
According to Billboard, Gaga was outfitted in a custom Atelier Versace jumpsuit with beaded Swarovski crystals at the beginning of her performance. Her final look, which resembled football shoulder pads, was also designed by Versace. Gaga and Donatella Versace posed for a photo together before the show commenced.



Backstage with @ladygaga just before she hits the stage! #halftimeshow #SB51 #PepsiHalfTime
A photo posted by Donatella Versace (@donatella_versace) on Feb 5, 2017 at 5:14pm PST





Lady Gaga's Super Bowl LI Halftime Show








































15 Photos »


Gaga’s energetic performance was an indisputable highlight of the first Super Bowl game ever to enter overtime. The Patriots made a sweeping comeback and won 34-28 when James White scored his third touchdown of the game, making Tom Brady and Bill Belichick the first quarterback and coach to win five Super Bowls. The show’s ratings were down only slightly from last year, inching from 49.0 down to 48.8.
Watch Gaga’s halftime show in its entirety below. Launch the gallery at the top of the page to click through incredible photos of the performance while you wait for tour tickets to go on sale.





/n