Prince William Jokes The Late Princess Diana Would've Made A 'Nightmare Grandmother' As Prince Harry Reveals The Last Time They Saw Her/n

It's been 20 years since the world was rocked by Princess Diana's devastating death. But if anyone wishes they could spend more time with the late icon, it's Prince William and Prince Harry.
The royal brothers share some intimate new details about Diana's life — and death — in a new documentary Diana, Our Mother: Her Life and Legacy, including the last time they were with her.
In a scene from the doc for ITV and HBO, Harry reveals that they hadn't seen their mother for about a month before before she died in a car accident in August 1997.
Related: Will & Kate Request Spoilers From A Game Of Thrones Actor!
Will and Harry had last spent time with their mother earlier that summer on vacation, and were with their father Prince Charles during one of Diana's humanitarian trips abroad in the weeks leading up to the tragedy.
In fact, the boys were due to meet up with their mother on August 31 — the day she died in a car crash alongside boyfriend Dodi Fayed in a Paris underpass.
One heartbreaking scene in Diana, Our Mother shows Harry speaking with two landmine victims, Zarko Peric and Malic Bradaric, whom the Princess met with on her last mission to Bosnia to raise awareness about the danger of landmines. He shares: 
"You guys were the almost the last people to see my mother. Well, you saw my mother more recently than I did, I guess."
Like many children of divorce, Will and Harry had split their time with both parents. Earlier in the summer, they vacationed with Diana and the Fayed family, then headed to Scotland to spend time with Charles and other members of the royal family.
Related: Would Harry & Meghan Markle Skip A Royal Wedding & Elope?
Harry says in the doc:
"There was the point where our parents split and… we never saw our mother enough or we never saw our father enough. There was a lot of traveling and lot of fights on the back seat with my brother – which I would win. There was all that to contend with. And – I don't pretend we're the only people to have to deal with that, but it was an interesting way of growing up."
Looking ahead, William is doing his best to keep Diana's memory alive in the eyes of his children Prince George and Princess Charlotte.
Video: William Can't Make A Pretzel To Save His Life!
In the film, Kate Middleton's husband admits that he's "constantly talking about Granny Diana" with his kids, explaining:
"We've got more photos up ’round the house now of her and we talk about her a bit and stuff. It's hard because obviously Catherine didn't know her, so she cannot really provide that… level of detail. So, I do regularly, [when] putting George or Charlotte to bed, talk about her and just try to remind them that there are two grandmothers — there were two grandmothers — in their lives. It's important that they know who she was and that she existed"
While Will contends that Diana was a wonderful mother and selfless humanitarian, he joked that she would have most likely made for a "nightmare grandmother," quipping:
"She'd be a nightmare grandmother, absolute nightmare. She'd love the children to bits, but she'd be an absolute nightmare. She'd come and go and she'd come in probably at bath time, cause an amazing … scene, bubbles everywhere, bathwater all over the place, and then leave."
Sounds like the perfect royal grandma to us!
Uncover more intimate details about the late princess when Diana, Our Mother: Her Life and Legacy airs Monday at 10 p.m. on HBO in the U.S. and 9 p.m. in the U.K. on ITV.
[Image via WENN.]
/n