Tito Ortiz -- Jenna Is Hooked on OxyContin/nAfter Tito Ortiz was arrested yesterday morning for domestic violence, Ortiz  and his attorney claim Jenna Jameson is addicted to OxyContin -- and they say that's what led to the alleged incident that got the UFC fighter busted for felony domestic violence.Ortiz dropped that bombshell during a news conference at a restaurant in North Hollywood.Tito's attorney Chip Matthews said that Jenna's been battling addiction to the painkiller for more than a year now, and that Tito and family members have been protecting her.Tito was very choked up when he said he hopes  "Jenna will be okay. "   Tito also said,  "My parents have gone through addiction and I'm not  going to let my family go through that. " As for what happened in Tito and Jenna's home Monday morning -- Jenna claims that Tito grabbed her and,  "threw me into the bathtub and  tore two ligaments in my shoulder. " Jenna also says the incident between her and Tito   "wasn't minor " ... but she still wants to work things out with him for  the sake of their two twin boys.Matthews repeatedly said,  "Tito never touched Jenna. "   He claims that Jenna had a relapse and that Tito confronted her about the drugs he claims to have found.  Matthews suggested Jenna was high and just lost her balance.Matthews claimed Jenna has been to rehab, and that her addiction has led to multiple suicide calls to 911.So what's Jenna's side of this?  During the news conference the former porn star was packing up to leave for Las Vegas.  When told about Tito's allegations, she said  "he's trying to save his career " -- and then hit the road for Vegas with two friends. Jenna and Ortiz first meet on myspace in 2006 and in March of 2009 had twin boys together. While Jenna is in Las Vegas her father will be taking care of their two sons.    Tears for Fears: 'Memba Them?  In the '80s, British duo Tears for Fears (Curt Smith and Roland Orzabal) became famous with hits like  "Everybody Wants to Rule the World, "  "Shout, "  "Head Over Heels " and  "Sowing the Seeds of Love. " Guess what they look like now!    Shady Celebrities -- The Ray-Ban Rage  A trusty pair of sunglasses are a staple in any celebrity's wardrobe -- and everyone seems to be relying on one trendy brand!Check out which superstars are putting the Ray-Ban Wayfarer front and center!    Dave Matthews -- Karaoke Super Freak  Dave Matthews took center stage at a karaoke bar in Hawaii yesterday -- where he proved he can still get funky ... even without that dude with the violin.  TMZ has obtained photos of Dave at Sansei Seafood Restaurant and Sushi Bar in Kihei, Maui -- where he performed the Rick James classic  "Super Freak. "But the best part --  the MC introduced Matthews to the stage as ... David Schwimmer from  "Friends. "For the record -- the guy with violin, Boyd Tinsley -- that dude rocks.     Battle of the Hot Bods!  TMZ is tackling the age-old question -- Who's hotter? So step right up and vote for which celebrity bod is better!     You Talkin' To Me?!  These celebs are about as friendly as a wet blanket -- check em out in their natural grumpy environment!    I Dare You To...   ... jump on a moving vehicle! See which stars would step up to the challenge of a dare.    Whose Cute Kid?  Can you guess whose lucky little man got hooked up with a free piggy back ride through NYC yesterday?/n