 'She Was There, On The Bed': Cathriona White's Best Friend Recalls Shocking Details Of.../n
The best friend of Jim Carrey‘s late girlfriend Cathriona White has opened up about the string of events that led to her discovering the late beauty’s body.
“I’ve lost my best friend, my soul sister — I will never get over it,” Jenny Burpee, a 32-year-old television producer, recalled to the The Irish Daily Star.
Burpee told the paper how she found White, a makeup artist originally from County Tipperary, Ireland, in her Sherman Oaks, Calif. home after her texts went unanswered for four days. She said that she went to the home with a niece, 8, and an adult couple named Lena and Den.
“We got there, and the door was open. We walked inside and went through the hall, all of us, and thank god, Lena’s boyfriend was in front,” Burpee told the paper. “We checked her bedroom, which is quite open with a large window and she wasn’t there.
PHOTOS; Before The Tragedy: Jim Carrey & Cathriona White Together Two Weeks Before Her Suicide – See The Sad Photos
“Then Den checked the second bedroom and she was there, on the bed. She was in the second bedroom on the bed, and her phone was still plugged into the wall.”
Burpee said that she had spoken with White about a possible trip to the Joshua Desert in late-September, shortly before her death. She said she was busy and unclear on plans, and went without White.
“So I went off then, Cat texted me and was like, ‘Why did you go without me?’ She was mad. That was our last conversation,” she said.
White was steadfast in her desire to be involved with Carrey, even “knowing how volatile he is,” Burpee told the paper.
PHOTOS: Doomed From Day One? Jim Carrey’s History Of Failed Relationships Uncovered In 11 Clicks – From Jenny McCarthy To Cathriona White
“She loved him, for whatever reason. That’s true love, whether it’s right or wrong. Even when he was ranting and raving, she would be so calm, so compassionate, and I always wondered, how did she do it?
“But that’s Jim Carrey — his emotions are ever-fluctuating.”
Burpee said that “there’s definitely things that she told me” about Carrey “that I will need to speak to him about, that I will need a resolution on — and I will talk to him about it at the right time.”
PHOTOS: Inside Robin Williams’ Secret Hell –– How His ‘Callous’ & ‘Cold’ Wife Made Life Miserable Before His Tragic Suicide
As RadarOnline.com previously reported, a suicide note was left at the home where White was found dead Sept. 28 in what officials believe was an intentional drug overdose.
The A-list actor initially started dating White three years ago , and the two had rekindled their romance this May before a recent breakup.
In the wake of her death, Carrey, 53, called White a “kind and delicate Irish flower, too sensitive for this soil, saying, “My heart goes out to her family and friends and to everyone who loved and cared about her. We have all been hit with a lightning bolt.”
If you or someone you know is in an emotional distress or suicidal crisis, please call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-TALK (8255). /n