 The War Is Over (For Now): Charlie Sheen & Besieged L.A. Child Protective Services.../n
A ceasefire has been struck between Charlie Sheen and the embattled Los Angeles County Department of Children & Family Services over the custody of his twin sons, Bob and Max, RadarOnline.com has learned.
The Anger Management star — who had labelled the organization “incompetent and lascivious” — has finally “recognized that if he wants to spend time with the boys, he’ll need to cooperate with child protective services,” a source close o the actor revealed.
“Charlie stood on the sidelines as Denise (Richards, his second ex-wife] became the temporary guardian of the boys,” an insider said. “That meant that he had visitation almost everyday. Now that Bob and Max are with Brooke’s brother Scott, he’s been frozen out. He hasn’t been able to see them.
PHOTOS:  Brooke Mueller Back With Her Twins, Takes Them Hiking
“For that to change, Charlie needed to step up and participate. He doesn’t necessarily want full custody of the boys, but he does wants to spend more time with them.”
As Radar previously reported, his bitter battle for custody of his twins with ex-wife Brooke Mueller took a twist when Scott Mueller was granted temporary guardianship after Richards, 42, asked DCFS to remove the boys from her care because of ongoing violent and unpredictable behavior.
In a heartbreaking letter, the ex-Wild Things actress informed DCFS that she no longer felt capable of caring for the boys in her home.
EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: Brooke Mueller Crack Binge — And $1500 Meth Drug Deal — Caught On Video
“With a heavy heart,” Richards laid out the painful story of how the boys came to find refuge with her and daughters Sam, Lola and Eloise.
But she detailed how recent contact with their mother, Mueller, had transformed them from “kind and loving” young boys to “zombie-like” boys who exhibit “extreme violent mood swings” and “violent behavior.”
According to Richards, her daughters had been “strangled, kicked in the head and stomach, scratched, bit, slapped, punched in the face and head” and spat on by the boys, as have the family dogs.
PHOTOS: Brooke Mueller Celebrates Max & Bob’s Birthday
One night, she claimed, they even broke into their baby sister’s room and relieved themselves in her tub, flinging their feces all over her bathroom.
“With no authority to make decisions on their behalf, I feel my hands are tied in providing them the proper help, support, and care that I feel as a parent that they need,” the mother-of-three wrote.
Said a source: “Charlie will be a big part of the boy’s lives. They are his sons and he wants to do whatever is necessary to make that happen. This is one of the first steps.” /n