Ellen's Secret Pain: DeGeneres Forced To 'Whisk' Ailing Father Off To Nursing Home/n
Ellen DeGeneres is hiding a heartbreaking secret — she’s had to move her dying dad Elliott into an elder care facility after he fell and broke his hip!
The 58-year-old talk show star had been footing the nearly $2,000-a-month rental for the La Jolla, Calif., apartment where ailing Elliott, 91, and her stepmom Virginia had been living, according to landlord Jon Hoffelt.
But age finally caught up with him and he took a bone-busting fall.
“He broke his hip tripping over the threshold of the door onto the front patio,” Hoffelt said. “It was only an inch-and-a-half high — so you can see that he needed to be cared for.”
PHOTOS: Pampered Pair! Ellen DeGeneres and Portia De Rossi Feather Their $40 Million L.A. Love Nest With A Luxe Indoor Spa
After treatment for the break, DeGeneres “whisked” them away to a nursing facility for expert care.
“I know they’re in an assisted-living facility — but I don’t know which one,” Hoffelt revealed. “No one knows because Ellen is obsessed with keeping things private.”
Hoffelt says Elliott was having difficulty getting around before his tragic fall.
Elliott could often be seen struggling to walk up the steep stairs of the apartment complex, noted Hoffelt.
PHOTOS: Ellen & Portia Saving Their Marriage! A Baby Next?
Age also robbed Elliott and Virginia of the ability to clean their apartment. Hoffelt said he found the place “a pigsty” after they moved.
DeGeneres has been much closer to her mom Betty than her dad. The star was crushed at age 12 when her parents split up.
But Betty, 86, has become a regular on her daughter’s wildly successful TV show, written books and also acted as a gay-rights activist.
Meanwhile, DeGeneres reportedly never forgave her father for not accepting her gay lifestyle and marriage to actress Portia de Rossi.
But Hoffelt said Elliott denied any bad blood with DeGeneres over her lesbian love life and often proudly told him he never missed her show.
“He loved that girl,” noted the landlord.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n