Does the New ‘Walking Dead’ Trailer Reveal Too Much About the Upcoming Season? /n





                    ‘Walking Dead’: Not Even Jeffrey Dean Morgan Knew Who Negan Killed in the Season 6 Finale 
                







Negan always seems to be one step ahead of Rick (Andrew Lincoln) and his people...

 MORE >>





Negan (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) and Lucille (that terrifying barbwire-covered baseball bat) may not have killed who you think.

On Labor Day, the folks behind the ratings juggernaut The Walking Dead dropped a new teaser clip, gifting their feverish fandom with a new twist in the pop culture mystery of the year: Who did Negan kill?
If you haven’t already, check out the trailer in question:

Everything you have belongs to Negan now. #TWD returns Sunday, October 23.
https://t.co/uQxdBACQvI
— The Walking Dead AMC (@WalkingDead_AMC) September 5, 2016
See anything interesting? Watch it again and press pause at the 0:22 mark.
Among the numerous and sometimes implausible theories concerning just which character (or characters) Negan decided to make an example of at the end of last season, Abraham (Michael Cudlitz) is often involved. However, in this new trailer, it sure looks like Abraham evaded Lucille, only to find himself fighting to get out from under a ravenous zombie.


Norman Reedus Meets Fans Outside AOL Build in NYC








































13 Photos »


As we previously reported, Cudlitz hinted in an interview with Pop Sugar that fans will be seeing a lot more of his militaristic alter ego in the forthcoming season.
“[Denise’s] death spurs on a whole bunch of other stuff, and then the audience knows that Abraham will continue for a while now. Now we get to see what a world with Negan and Abraham both in it will be like. That’s something we don’t see in the graphic novels. So a lot of cool stuff happens.”
Does this new clip throw in a wrench in your theory?
The Walking Dead returns to AMC Sept. 23, 2016.


‘Walking Dead’: New On-Set Photos Tease Who Survived the Season 6 Finale








































16 Photos »


/n