PHOTOS: Lady Gaga Gets Waxed Worldwide/n
Lady Gaga is getting one big wax job!
PHOTOS: Lady Gaga Waxed Worldwide 
Madame Tussauds has declared Thursday, December 9 as Lady Gaga Day, and to commemorate the event, it’s unveiling several waxed figures of the Poker Face singer, 24, in some of her most outrageous outfits.
PHOTOS: Lady Gaga Poses With Fans In London
In all, Gaga — who’s real name is Stefani Joanne Angelina Germanotta — is set to receive eight wax figures created in her likeness.
The figures — worth a total of $2.4 million — will be displayed at Madame Tussauds museums in Los Angeles, Las Vegas, New York, London, Amsterdam, Berlin, Shanghai and Hong Kong.
(The photo used in this story shows her wax figure in London.)
PHOTOS: Lady Gaga’s Hot Bikini Bod
According to Madame Tussauds, the eight styles the Lady Gaga figures will wear are:
“Lady in Lace” – The singer wore an Alex Noble lace body stocking and Philip Tracey face mask and donned a Marie Antoinette style hairstyle at the 2010 Brit Awards in February.
“Telephone” – Lady Gaga wore a Phillip Tracey telephone hat paired with a black Armani coat, flared trousers and towering heels on the UK talk show Friday Night with Jonathan Ross in March 2010.
PHOTOS:  Lady Gaga Performs With Yoko Ono
“Harlequin”- Lady Gaga wore a Black Marjan Pejoski bodysuit with oversized black neck fuff and had a sleek, super straight platinum hairstyle when she visited the Grand Intercontinental Hotel Seoul in South Korea in 2009.
“Kinky Boots” – The singer wore a black, Bruno Pieters leather bodysuit, a black lace bra, a “disc” hat and thigh-high black boots to the Hakkasan restaurant in London in April 2009.
“Mini Mouse” – Lady Gaga once wore an one-shoulder black latex bodysuit and donned long, straight hair, adorned with “Minnie Mouse”-style buns to the BBC Radio 1 studios in London.
PHOTOS: Sean “Diddy” Combs Reveals His Wax Figure
“Hair Hat” – Lady Gaga wore a sunhat made out of her blonde hair along with a black, see-through net dress at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas in January.
“Wired ‘wing’ dress with lightning ‘eye'” – One of Lady Gaga’s famous outfits consists of a short, black Orschel-Read strapless dress with wired, thigh-high patent boots and a black lightning bolt painted over one eye.
PHOTOS: Robert Pattinson Immortilized In Wax
“Big Hair” – Lady Gaga donned a towering purple hair piece atop waist-length platinum hair, while wearing a a nude Maison Martin Margiela bodysuit, white blazer and huge platforms outside the Phoenix Hotel in Copenhagen, Denmark in July 2009.
RELATED STORIES: 
REPORT:  Lady Gaga Bodyguard Investigated For Assault
Hackers Steal Music From Lady Gaga & Other Top Artists PLUS A ‘Sexually Compromising’ Photo
VIDEO: Lady Gaga Releases New Video Calling For Repeal Of ‘Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell’ /n