Effie Trinket/n
Effie Trinket is rubbing off on Elizabeth Banks. “The looks I wore for the first Hunger Games promotional tour were influenced by Effie’s style. I tried to find clothes that embodied her spirit, so I chose a lot of color and sequins,” the actress, 39, told PEOPLE’s Michelle Ward. Does this mean we’ll see Banks in more Effie-inspired outfits on the Catching Fire red carpet? “Absolutely. She gives me license to go crazy.”
Walk us through the process of how Effie’s looks are put together.
I get to the set early so we can experiment. We spend about three or four days just playing with looks. That process is amazing. All of my wigs are handmade to match my clothes so that everything is always a complete look.
How long did it take to transform barefaced Elizabeth into made-up Effie?
About three to four hours, depending on the look.
How did you pass the time in the makeup chair?
By taking a nap. I find it very soothing when people touch my face and hair. I also spent time reading, chatting and hanging out with other cast members. Since I was in there the longest, I usually got to see everyone arrive.
What was the hardest part of the makeup process?
I couldn’t touch my face all day. And it took some time to get used to those eyelashes!
And the biggest downside to the costumes you had to wear?
I was always wearing like fur and plastic when it was 110 degrees. I’d sit there with fans on me so I didn’t sweat.
What was the vibe like on-set?
It was just a bunch of kids having a great time. And yes, that includes Woody Harrelson. He’s so fun.
Did your sons Felix and Magnus get to see you in costume?
They did! I was concerned they wouldn’t recognize me, but they heard my voice and knew it was Mommy under there.
So what was your favorite scene to film in Catching Fire?
There’s an amazing party scene where Katniss is introduced to Plutarch Heavensbee for the first time. That whole party sequence was incredible. The production design was out of this world. It looks like the most amazing party you could ever go to. Everyone will wish they’d been there.
/n