Who Looked Haute, Sizzling Hot And Not At The Hunger Games Premiere!/n
By Leah Ornstein – Radar Style & Beauty Editor
The red carpet was on fire at the world premiere of The Hunger Games!
It was the biggest movie premiere of the year, and all of Hollywood’s hottest stars hit the red carpet dressed to impress, but not all of them scored high marks a la mode. Who looked haute, sizzling hot and totally not at the most highly anticipated movie premiere of the season?  Keep reading to find out. PHOTOS: Who Looked Haute, Sizzling Hot And Not At The Hunger Games Premiere!
Jennifer Lawrence has definitely got what it takes to be a leading lady and dominate a red carpet.  The star dazzled in a gorgeous gold Prabal Gurung Fall 2012 cutout gown that perfectly reflected her character, Katniss Everdeen. Jennifer finished off the flawless look with Jimmy Choo heels and Jacob & Co. black diamond earrings. Our second favorite look of the night was courtesy of wild card Miley Cyrus.  The Hannah Montana alum showed her sexy support for beau Liam Hemsworth, channeling Gwyneth Paltrow at the 2011 Emmy Awards, in a two-piece Emilio Pucci ensemble, which she paired with Loree Rodkin bling.
PHOTOS: The Hunger Games’ L.A. Premiere
And while underage Tributes Amandla Stenberg (in Collette Dinnigan) and Jacqueline Emerson (in Reem Acra and Van Cleef & Arpels) looked super haute and age appropriate, Kim Kardashian’s little sisters looked way too sexy for their age! 14-year-old Kylie Jenner and 16-year-old Kendall both sported super short and tight dresses with sky-high stilettos.
Elizabeth Banks channeled her eccentric character Effie Trinket in a bright orange Atelier Versace stunner, while leading men Liam Hemsworth, in Dolce & Gabbana, and Josh Hutcherson, in Z Zegna, both looked dapper to the max.
PHOTOS: The Week’s Best, Worst & Wackiest Dressed
Who else looked haute, sizzling hot and not at The Hunger Games premiere?  Find out by clicking here.
ELATED STORIES:
Jennifer Lawrence ‘I Didn’t Know If Hunger Games Was Worth Changing My Life For’
Hunger Games Star Jacqueline Emerson Shines At Golden Collar Awards
It Girls Of The Moment Grace The Cover Of Vanity Fair’s Hollywood Issue
Check Out The Trailer For The Hunger Games! /n