Adele Treats Grenfell Tower Survivors to a Private Screening of Despicable Me 3: 'It Was a Complete Surprise!'
/n

You can feel her love.
Adele treated children who survived the horrific Grenfell Tower fire in London to a private screening of Despicable Me 3 this week, according to images shared by family members on social media.
The dynamite singer has been active in supporting victims and rescue workers, raising money through her Wembley Stadium performances earlier this summer by asking concertgoers to donate to her Grenfell Tower fund.
Karwai Tang/WireImage
One mother, Jane Gang, who attended the Thursday morning screening along with her son Boulevard, 8, tells PEOPLE that Adele’s presence came as a shock.
“It was a complete surprise that Adele was there, and the atmosphere was intimate and warm. She dressed casually and was in the foyer to meet and mingle with the children. All we knew when boarding the fancy coach from the ClementJames Centre, a really great charity in North Kensington that became one of the main hubs of help for the Grenfell Fire victims, was that it was a private screening,” she tells PEOPLE.
“She came alone. She sat among some of the children in the row in front of ours and giggled along with the great comedy of Despicable Me 3. It was very elevating and laughter filled the theater.”
She also remarked on the singer’s kindness throughout the joyous occasion.
“Adele is a truly compassionate Londoner and the presence and warmth she expressed towards the children was remarkable. She is a huge inspiration to young girls and to all people in general. She jumped straight in to help others — and not just as a one off. She is continuing her support for the victims of Grenfell so they really do get the help and support they need to get their shattered lives back on the road,” Gang says.
There was free popcorn in the foyer, and chocolate candies and water were placed in every seat.
“It was a very uplifting event, which everyone appreciated… the children, the parents and the grandparents that came too. The ClementJames charity organizers deserve a mention too. They have been wonderfully supportive in so many ways since the fire and continue to be a huge asset in North Kensington,” Gang says.
RELATED: Celeb Quotes of the Day: Kylie Jenner, Kate Beckinsale & More
“Now when my son Boulevard sees Adele singing in front of huge crowds looking so amazing in her lovely gowns and make-up, with her hair all done, he feels very special that he got to see her like he sees his own Mum (me) most days!”
The mother also shared a sweet photo of her son Boulevard with the superstar vocalist.





A post shared by CashOnlyTM (@ganglandempire) on Aug 3, 2017 at 6:02am PDT


Other parents were just as taken with the “Hello” singer’s warmth.
A source told The Sun that “everyone was overwhelmed” by Adele’s “generosity.”
“Adele sees her work in the community as a full-time priority now (that) her touring days are over for the foreseeable future,” a source said. “Being a local Londoner, she’s made no secret about how personally affected she was by the Grenfell Tower blaze and wants to help in every way she can.”
The source also added that “While she’s working hard behind the scenes to raise cash, she wanted to treat residents to a night of fun.”
One Twitter user thanked the “amazing” Adele for taking his “grandkids to the cinema. So much love & effort for the #Grenfell kids – thank you.”


The ever classy @Adele urging concertgoers to donate to her #GrenfellTower fund. All £ for victims for them to decide how to spend. pic.twitter.com/7IyinAvQEF
— Latika M Bourke (@latikambourke) June 28, 2017

RELATED VIDEO: Adele Pays Tribute to Brussels During London Concert

The deadly fire that ripped through the 24-story Grenfell Tower in London on June 14 left at least 80 people dead.
It took fire officials 24 hours to get the blaze under control,  the BBC reported. A total of 65 people were rescued from the building by firefighters and a number of those injured still remain in the hospital,  the BBC said. Emergency services are continuing the search for bodies.
Queen Elizabeth II and Prince William paid a visit in June to survivors, victims’ families and rescue workers who were affected by the fire.
/n