 Inside Duggar Cop Pal’s Sick Crimes: Turned On By Child Incest Porn, Posted Photos Of.../n
The man who let Josh Duggar get away with molesting five female children in the Christian family’s home has his own dark past of sick sex secrets— including an interest in child pornography featuring incest.
State trooper Joseph T. Hutchens, who as RadarOnline.com reported, failed to report Josh’s history of sex abuse after the teen confessed at an Arkansas police station in 2003, became the target of a child porn investigation just two years later.
And the results were shocking.
READ THE COURT DOCUMENTS
In Arkansas court documents obtained exclusively by Radar, state police claim Hutchens, 69, a longtime pal of Josh’s dad Jim Bob Duggar, operated a Yahoo adult profile under the handle “dadsluv2002.”
Under his sickening account name, Hutchens claimed to be interested in child porn categories including “Preschools,” “Kinki Kids,” “Child’s Play Series,” “Babyz”, and incest-related themes such as “All in The Family” and “Family Affairs.”
After discovering a computer in Hutchens’ office containing at least 37 photos of young children “engaging in deviate sexual activity,” police say they made an even more disturbing discovery on the cop’s digital camera in September 2005.
PHOTOS: #TeamDuggar? See Who’s Standing By Josh Duggar Despite His Sex Crimes Confession — & Who’s Not — In 9 Clicks
The camera contained images of a family friend’s young daughter— and one of Hutchens’ own family members.
“…It is believed that this Digital Camera was used to take the pictures of the small children which we believe were posted on Joe Hutchens’ Yahoo Account,” investigator Chris Sparks wrote.
On January 10, 2007, Hutchens plead guilty to eight felony counts of possessing visual or print medium depicting sexually explicit conduct involving a child. He was sentenced to five years in prison, with an additional five years suspended conditioned he abide by the law and pay off court fees.
PHOTOS: Parents, Police, Church Fail Victims: How Josh Duggar Got Away With His Sick Crimes In 10 Clicks
Sadly, Hutchens did not change for the better behind bars. While out on parole in March 2010, he was again caught with child pornography, and was charged with 20 felony counts of distributing, possession, or viewing matter depicting a sexually explicit conduct involving a child. In May 2012, he was sentenced to 56 years in prison.
During the initial investigation, Hutchens claimed he retired from the state police. His wife Regina later filed for divorce, she tells Radar.
Meanwhile, Josh was not prosecuted for his crimes despite his admission due to statute of limitations laws. /n