Henri Bendel Has Pretty Jewelry on Sale Right Now for Under $100/n
 
Henri Bendel
Now’s the time to start stocking up your closet with amazing fall finds (especially when major retailers are offering the best sales of the season). And while you’re shopping, don’t about your jewelry box. Our go-to right now? Henri Bendel, which is offering some of its prettiest pieces at dramatically slashed prices. We picked out our favorite items in the selection (all under $100) to give your accessories a glam update.
Oversize Cuff
Get more bang for your buck with this double-duty bracelet. The cuff’s gunmetal hue makes it sleek to wear during the day, while its crystal embellishments makes a perfect accent to a cocktail dress.
Courtesy Henri Bendel
Buy It! Bendel Rocks Cuff, $94.80 (originally $158); henribendel.com
RELATED PHOTOS: 10 Stores That Offer College Student Discounts – and What to Buy for Back to School
Pendant Necklace
This piece incorporates the trendy element of a lariat necklace with the eye-catching appeal of a pendant.
Courtesy Henri Bendel
Buy It! Duchess Stone Pendant Necklace, $79.20 (originally $198); henribendel.com
Eye-Catching Ring
Every woman needs an attention-grabbing cocktail ring in her collection, and there’s no better time to add one while this pavé-encrusted piece is 60 percent off.
Courtesy Henri Bendel
Buy It! Luxe Asscher Cut Pave Harness Ring, $39.20 (originally $98); henribendel.com
Looking for more style content? Click here to subscribe to the PeopleStyle Newsletter for amazing shopping discounts, can’t-live-without beauty products and more.
Delicate Bracelet
For $39.20, we’re adding a few of these cuffs to our basket — they make amazing one-size-fits-all gifts.
Courtesy Henri Bendel
Buy It! Luxe Pave Halo Duo Cuff, $39.20 (originally $98); henribendel.com
RELATED: How It’s Done: A Bronzed Makeup Look That Requires Just One Beauty Product

 
Statement Earrings
The shimmering stones and eye-catching dangling stone means these earrings won’t go unnoticed.
Courtesy Henri Bendel
Buy It! Luxe Bali Semi Precious Chandelier Earring, $58.80 (originally $98); henribendel.com
What are you most excited to buy?
/n