Boo! Delta Airlines Removes All The Gay Stuff From Showings Of Oscar Nominated Film Carol!/n

Uh… oops?!
Delta Airlines customers watching Carol during their flights this summer ought to note the version they see is NOT the full version of the Oscar nominated film!
In fact, it seems some REALLY critical scenes are missing!
Related: Watch Britney Spears Find Out Ryan Seacrest Is NOT Gay!
The film, based on Patricia Highsmith's novel The Price Of Salt, stars Cate Blanchett and Rooney Mara as two women in the 1950s who have a love affair neither of them expected.
It's a classy, understated, moving portrayal of passion in a time of repression — and yet the Delta Airlines version set for its in-flight TV screens has omitted all — literally ALL — love scenes!
That means not even a single scene where the two women KISS!!! How is that even possible?!?!
The controversy first came to light when comedian Cameron Esposito noticed it during her recent Delta flight, and tweeted about it on Wednesday (below): 

Watched CAROL on a plane & they edited it so the main characters never even kiss. Booooooo.
Two women kissing is fine for planes.
— Cameron Esposito (@cameronesposito) August 3, 2016


This is not dirty pic.twitter.com/zDOZMDIGXS
— Cameron Esposito (@cameronesposito) August 3, 2016


BTW my seatmate totally watching something where Paul Giamatti was participating in BDSM w/ a lady but CAROL had no kissing!?
VERY MAD.
— Cameron Esposito (@cameronesposito) August 3, 2016
Ugh!!!
For their part, Delta released a statement about how they chose an edited version of the film to show in-flight, and that edited version means not only are there no sex scenes, but the kissing scene itself was ripped out, too:

"If we were worried about kissing we wouldn't be showing the film in the first place, but because there are scenes with more than a few seconds of nudity, we opted for the edited version instead of the theatrical version."
Hmm…
So the "edited" version censored all traces of lesbians?? Nice.
Related: Jared Leto Doesn't Think Hollywood Can Have Gay Leading Men!
Phyllis Nagy, the screenwriter who was nominated for an Oscar for Carol, also points out that while some other airlines have chosen like Delta and opted for the edited version of the film, others have decided that the full, theatrical version suits their audiences the best.
Nagy wrote on Twitter, responding to fans (below):

@MsDarcyFarrow @MsSarahPaulson Each airline has its own policy. Some ordered the theatrical version, some the edited.
— Phyllis Nagy (@PhyllisNagy) August 5, 2016


@trishbendix @Delta domestic airlines that took the theatrical rather than edited version: American and United.
— Phyllis Nagy (@PhyllisNagy) August 4, 2016


@trishbendix @Delta yup. Makes zero sense without the intimacy.
— Phyllis Nagy (@PhyllisNagy) August 4, 2016
No kidding!!!
It doesn't look like Delta has any plans to change their version of Carol, so if you watch it in-flight, the movie won't make any damn sense.
But hey — no one has walked out yet.
[Image via The Weinstein Company.]
/n