Is Lisa Kudrow Getting a ‘Friends’ Spinoff?/n
It’s that time of the week again when the celebrity weeklies hit the newsstands. To separate what’s real and rumor, we turned to our friends at Gossip Cop for the 411 on this week’s most controversial stories.

Lisa Kudrow is getting a Friends spinoff centered around her character, reports In Touch. The magazine says she’s working with Friends co-creator Marta Kauffman on “fun storylines” for Phoebe, who’s now “divorced and living back in New York.” The other original cast members are slated for an “epic” cameo. For more scoop, see what Kudrow’s rep tells only Gossip Cop.
Scott Disick is “harboring doubts” he’s really the father of Reign, his youngest son with Kourtney Kardashian, says Star. The magazine says his “suspicion” arises from their fighting at the time Reign was conceived, and his belief she “strayed out of pain and frustration.” For the shocking truth about Reign’s paternity, see what an insider shares with Gossip Cop.
Brad Pitt is in love with Jennifer Aniston again now that he’s sober, reveals In Touch. The magazine notes he recently called Aniston to say he was sorry about breaking up their marriage, and now feels leaving her for Angelina Jolie was “the biggest mistake of his life.” For what the next step is, see what Pitt’s rep leaks to Gossip Cop.
Tori Spelling may go to prison for racking up more than $1 million in unpaid bills and loans, reveals Star. A source tells the publication, “If a court found that she committed tax fraud, Tori could face as much as five years in prison.” For how serious this is, see what a Spelling confidante admits to Gossip Cop.
Kate Middleton is pregnant with her and Prince William’s third child, reveals Life & Style, which has details on the “official announcement.” The publication says they’ve only shared the news with a “trusted few,” and have narrowed down names for the baby. For details, including the sex of the child and when the Palace plans to formally announce the news, go to Gossip Cop.
/n