Johnny Depp Can't Even Learn His Lines Anymore??/n

Wow, Johnny Depp's ex-management is coming at him HARD.
In case you've been living on an island with nothing but rum, the Pirates Of The Caribbean star sued The Management Group for mis-managing his finances, costing him millions.
Their response has been swift and harsh, as they claimed in their countersuit that Depp spent a ludicrous $2 million a month, including $30K on wine alone!
Video: Johnny Surprises Fans As Captain Jack On The Pirates Of The Caribbean Ride!
Now they're making more claims, including one particularly insulting one for an actor with such a career. They say he doesn't learn his lines but instead pays a technician to feed them to him over an earpiece!
The New York Post reports the latest legal docs include the claim that Johnny spends "hundreds of thousands of dollars to employ a full-time sound engineer, who Depp has used for years to feed him lines during film production." And as a further dig: 

"Depp insisted that this sound engineer be kept on yearly retainer so that he no longer had to memorize his lines."
Holy shit. Them's fightin' words for an Oscar nominee!
As for the spending, Depp's team has claimed much of the wine was an investment — well, TMG has another harsh response to that:

"Depp would be hard pressed to find a single bottle of wine that he purchased during his tenure with TMG that he or his various companions have not yet consumed. Wine is not an investment if you drink it as soon as you buy it."
Who wrote these legal docs? Dorothy Parker?
Video: Susan Sarandon Reignites Feud With 'Not Well Informed' Debra Messing
Though it's not just insults they're hurling. TMG is also demanding Depp undergo psychiatric evaluation to prove their case! Regarding the $2 mil/month spending, the documents say:

"In retrospect, it appears that Depp may suffer from a compulsive spending disorder, which will be proven in this action through a mental examination of Depp pursuant to California [court rules] and expert testimony."
Wow. No parlay here.
What do YOU think of the latest accusations??
[Image via Disney.]
/n