UPDATE! Donald Trump Says Nobody Feels Sorry for Rosie O'Donnell: A History of Their Decade-Long Public Feud UPDATE: Rosie O'Donnell's feud with Donald Trump doesn't seem to extend to his daughter Ivanka Trump, as Rosie t.../n
UPDATE: Rosie O'Donnell's feud with Donald Trump doesn't seem to extend to his daughter Ivanka Trump, as Rosie tweeted, "@IvankaTrump in a city of 8 million - we meet face 2 face - i thank u 4 listening - mother 2 mother - on this new years week - my best 2 u."________________________________Rosie O'Donnell and Donald Trump are back to their bickering ways. Ten years after their feud initially sparked, the two have reignited their verbal sparring, only this time—it happened during Trump's most recent presidential debate Monday night. In between political bickering about private servers and President Barack Obama's birth place, O'Donnell's name popped up in the mix. "Hillary is hitting me with tremendous commercials," Trump said, referencing one ad in which his past insults of Rosie are played in the background. "Rosie O'Donnell—I said very tough things to her and I think everybody would agree that she deserves it and nobody feels sorry for her."

Back on Twitter, O'Donnell reminded everyone how the whole feud got its start. "The 5 mins orange anus can't seem to get over --- tell the truth - shame the donald #ImWithHer," she tweeted along with a link to a clip of her first insults about him on The View. While some may vividly remember how this whole squabble got started, others may not be so up to date on the inner workings of the comedian's longstanding feud with the business mogul. After all—it was ten years ago. In fact, their first instance of public verbal sparring came back when Keeping Up With the Kardashians had not even debuted, The Apprentice was in its fifth season and former President George W. Bush was in his second term. Here's a virtual tour through Donald and Rosie's feuding from its fruition: 



Darren Decker/Getty Images

December 2006: A Snakeoil SalesmanThe trouble all began after Trump decided to give then-Miss USA 2006 Tara Conner a second chance after she came under fire for allegations of drug use and illegal drinking. When he let her keep her title, O'Donnell appeared on The View the next day, holding little back and publicly calling him a "snake-oil salesman on Little House On The Prairie.""Left the first wife, had an affair. Left the second wife, had an affair. Had kids both times, but he's the moral compass for 20-year-olds in America," she said. "That's my opinion. I don't enjoy him."Trump shot back at the daytime talkshow co-host, calling into Good Morning L.A. to say, "Rosie is just disgusting...she's fat, she's a loser. She's a farm animal pig. She's a beast, ok. She's just a loser. She's no good."

December 2011: A Partner in LoveAfter Rosie announced she was engaged to her second wife, Michelle Rounds, Trump took to Twitter to comment on the occasion. "I feel sorry for Rosie's new partner in love whose parents are devastated at the thought of their daughter being with Rosie--a true loser."O'Donnell replied on Twitter with a link to an article listing Trump's failures, writing "wow u r an ass."

May 2014: Go Away, DonaldAfter suffering a heart attack in in 2012, the actress shed 50 pounds with the help of weight loss surgery. "Rosie O'Donnell just said she felt 'shame' at being fat-not politically correct! She killed Star Jones for weight loss surgery, just had it!" Trump tweeted at the time. Rosie's response was brief. "Donald - go away."July 2014: A Long Term DisasterWhen it was revealed by the network that The View would be welcoming back Rosie O'Donnell for its 18th season, Trump offered his opinion on the decision. "Rosie is back on the View which tells you how desperate they must be. It is the standard short term fix and long term disaster," he tweeted. "Rosie is crude, rude, obnoxious and dumb — other than that I like her very much!"

February 2015: Fortune Teller TrumpFive months after she made her return, O'Donnell announced she was leaving the show in concern of stress on her heart. When Trump spoke to E! News about the show, he stood by his previous comments about her. "It's very sad what's happened to The View and I predicted that with Rosie O'Donnell it would fail and I guess the prediction is correct, but, I mean she's a total trainwreck, so let's see what happens and I hope it works out well. I've been on The View many times, I like the show a lot, but let's face it, Rosie's a loser."

August 2015: Trump Fact ChecksDuring his very first Republican debate for the presidency, Trump was faced with a now infamous question from moderator Megyn Kelly. "You've called women you don't like 'fat pigs,' 'dogs,' 'slobs' and 'disgusting animals," she began when he replied from the podium, "Only Rosie O'Donnell."April 2016: No Moving Trucks YetAs Trump became the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, many teased O'Donnell with the idea of moving out of the country. However, she made it clear she would not have to go anywhere. "LISTEN UP WASTED TRUMPERS - I AM NEVER LEAVING THE USA - AND HE WILL NEVER BE PRESIDENT - HE IS A MORON - WE ALL SEE," she tweeted.

June 2016: #DUMPTRUMPRosie appeared on Alec Baldwin's game show, Match Game, where he offered the following puzzle:"Donald Trump has invented 'a new Olympic event he thinks he can win. It's a contest to see who can BLANK the most times in 60 seconds.'" O'Donnell swiftly replied, "You know my feelings on that orange slug!"As news outlets reported on the name-calling, she took to Twitter to clarify how to describe her relationship with him. "There is not 'feud' - i loathe him and everything he represents - this is not news," she tweeted. "#DUMPTRUMP." 

September 2016: "Nobody feels sorry for her"On the presidential debate stage, Trump told the country, "Rosie O'Donnell—I said very tough things to her and I think everybody would agree that she deserves it and nobody feels sorry for her." In return, O'Donnell called him an "orange anus" and reminded everyone she's #withher. (Originally published June 28, 2016 at 1:06 p.m. PST)
/n