Five Things to Know About Prince Harry's Rumored New Girlfriend, Mollie King Prince Harry is one of the world's most eligible bachelors. He's handsome, successful, charming and, oh yes—a royal. So when the Daily Express report.../n
Prince Harry is one of the world's most eligible bachelors. He's handsome, successful, charming and, oh yes—a royal. So when the Daily Express reports that our favorite redhead is "smitten" with British pop star Mollie King, we need to know everything about her.For now, here are five need-to-know facts about this 24-year-old blond beauty…

1. She's a Member of The Saturdays, a London-Based Girl Group. The pop fivesome was formed in 2007 and consists of British and Irish members Una Healy, Frankie Sandford, Vanessa White, Rochelle Wiseman and King. The group has enjoyed commercial success in Europe, although Elton John has dismissed their music as "all crap," telling reporters, "It's hard to tell Girls Aloud from The Saturdays."

2. She's Dyslexic. In an interview with ThisIsLondon.co.uk, King revealed how she had to "cheat" in school to cover up her difficulty reading. "When you used to have to go around the class, reading a few paragraphs each from a book, I would sit there dreading my turn," she said. "I used to have my best friend next to me, whispering the hard words to me. But once I realized what the problem was, I felt much better about the fact that I wasn't thick."

3. She's an Accomplished Skier. If she really is "head over heels" for the spare heir, they've already got this in common. As a kid, King went from her school's ski team to the British Children's Ski Team, then earned a scholarship to the British Ski Academy. She was also part of the British Alpine squad and raced for Great Britain.

4. She Tried Out for X Factor...Twice. In 2005, King auditioned for the show as a solo artist and didn't make the cut. Two years later, she tried to impress Simon Cowell and Co. as part of a girl band called Fallen Angelz. Although the notoriously tough judge told the girls they had "potential," they didn't make it past the boot camp stage of the competition.

5.  She Already Tweeted That She's "IN love" With Prince Harry…the Pygmy Hippo. In March, King, an animal lover, tweeted a link to the Daily Mail's article on an adorable six-day-old baby hippopotamus. "Oh my goodness," she wrote about Prince Harry the hippo. "I am IN love."

So is Mollie King really on the fast track from pop star to princess? Time will tell. A rep for the royals tells E! News, "We never comment on personal matters such as these, so I wouldn't be able to either confirm or deny these rumors."St. James Palace, thanks for keeping hope alive.—Additional reporting by Michelle Falls
/n