Caroline Wozniacki Breaks Silence on Split From Rory McIlroy, Gets Support From Serena Williams Time for Caroline Wozniacki to refocus her attention on her first love. "It's a hard time for me right now.Thanks for all the sweet mes.../n
Time for Caroline Wozniacki to refocus her attention on her first love."It's a hard time for me right now.Thanks for all the sweet messages!" the former No. 1 female tennis player in the world tweeted Thursday following the news that she and golfer Rory McIlroy had ended their engagement and broken up."Happy I support Liverpool right now because I know I'll never walk alone," she added.As any devoted football fan—let alone an English Premier League fan—knows, Wozniacki wouldn't tweet that lightly.

PHOTOS: Top 10 hottest tennis pros



CHINE NOUVELLE/SIPA

She and McIlroy got engaged on New Year's Eve in Australia, but were plagued by rumors of a split last year.In February, Wozniacki admitted that the reports bothered her, though she and McIlroy laughed them off at the time. "It's definitely annoying. It's obviously stupid, I don't know exactly who started these rumors," the Danish athlete, wearing an 8-carat engagement ring at the time, told a reporter during the Dubai Duty Free Tennis Championship."I can only think that it's maybe the people that don't want us together. It's sad that some people write stories based on nothing, because obviously we were always strong and we are going strong. In the beginning we just laughed at the stories. But when they keep appearing you're tired of it."

McIlroy, 25, revealed yesterday that it was he who wasn't ready to seal the deal."There is no right way to end a relationship that has been so important to two people," the Irish golfer, also a former world No. 1 in his sport, said in a statement. ""The problem is mine. The wedding invitations issued at the weekend made me realize that I wasn't ready for all that marriage entails. I wish Caroline all the happiness she deserves and thank her for the great times we've had. I will not be saying anything more about our relationship in any setting."

Support came pouring in for Wozniacki, including from pal and frequent competitor Serena Williams."I'll always walk with you..#friendsforever," Williams responded to Wozniacki's tweet, punctuating the sentiment with a range of loving emoticons."aww thank you!" the Dane replied.
/n