This Is What Chrissy Teigen Tweeted That Got Her Blocked by Donald Trump/n





                    Chrissy Teigen Slams Donald Trump
                







Boy, bye.

 MORE >>










                    Kathy Griffin Breaks Down as Accuses Donald Trump of Bullying
                







Kathy Griffin's spirits were absolutely crushed when spoke about President Donald Trump.

 MORE >>





President Donald Trump has had enough of Chrissy Teigen.

The Commander-in-Chief blocked the model on Twitter after she poked fun of him one too any times, according to Teigen. “After 9 years of hating Donald J Trump, telling him ‘lol no one likes you’ was the straw,” the 31-year-old wrote alongside a screenshot with a message reading, “You are blocked from following @realDonaldTrump and viewing @realDonaldTrump’s tweets.”
Teigen — who has always been against Trump’s policies alongside husband John Legend — tweeted “no one likes you” over the weekend in response to the 71-year-old’s claims that some Republicans “do very little to protect their President.” In the past, the mother-of-one also told the POTUS to “Grow. The f**k. Up.” when Trump slammed the New York Times on Twitter.
After 9 years of hating Donald J Trump, telling him "lol no one likes you" was the straw pic.twitter.com/MhZ6bXT1Dp
— christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) July 25, 2017

“I’ve actually been a big Donald Trump hater [for a long time],” she told USA Today in February. “I’ve been trolling him for about five to seven years now. I’ve been doing this forever, and I take pride in that.”
Of course, Teigen is not the celebrity to be given the cold shoulder by the former Celebrity Apprentice host. Last month, author Stephen King revealed he was blocked after tweeting too many criticisms about Trump’s administration — though Harry Potter scribe J.K. Rowling promised to keep him up-to-date by sending him screenshots.
Currently, a group of Twitter who have been blocked by Trump are suing the real estate mogul. They argue the move violates their First Amendment rights as American citizens. Maybe Chrissy can jump in on this?


Celebs Who Aren't Afraid to Bash Donald Trump








































12 Photos »


/n