Marcia Clark Calls Upcoming O.J. Simpson Innocence Docu-Series 'Hideous'/n
Marcia Clark has some harsh words for the team behind the upcoming O.J. Simpson docu-series that will try to prove the former football star’s innocence in the murder of his wife.  
Speaking out on Today Tuesday, the former prosecutor on Simpson’s notorious 1994 murder trial called Hard Evidence: O.J. Is Innocent “hideous.”  
“I actually know the theory, and what they’re basing it on, and it’s nonsense. There’s nothing to it,” Clark, 62, told Savannah Guthrie.
The six-part docu-series, which is expected to be narrated by Hollywood veteran Martin Sheen, has been picked up by Investigation Discovery. It will attempt to prove Simpson is innocent in the murders of Nicole Brown Simpson and Ronald Goldman by placing the blame on the athlete’s son, Clark said.  
“I’ll tell you why I find it offensive,” Clark said. “Because it is nonsense, because there’s no real logic, there’s no evidence, there’s nothing to back it up. Nothing. And they’re aiming at Jason Simpson. And that is, to me, the most hideous thing you could possibly do.”  
Of Jason, Simpson’s 45-year-old son with first wife Marguerite Whitley, Clark said, “He can’t defend himself. What is he going to do?…. and it’s baseless.”  
Clark does, however, fully support FX’s series American Crime Story: The People v. O.J. Simpson , which airs its final episode Tuesday evening.  
“I didn’t know how they were gonna treat all of us, I didn’t know how they were gonna treat the case … But, it actually wound up being a quality, quality series,” said Clark, who is portrayed by Sarah Paulson on the show. “I was so impressed.”  
VIDEO: The People v. O.J. Simpson Star Billy Magnussen Reveals His Last Boys Night Out

The author also used her latest appearance to speak out again about rumors of a romance between she and colleague Chris Darden, which were addressed on the series.  
“We were the best of friends. We really were, we were trench-mates,” she explained. “It was like living in a bubble. No one else could understand what it was like to live through that, but he could. We were certainly very close, but, you know, we were partners.”  
While Clark is pleased with American Crime Story, reliving the drama of the case has been “a nightmare,” namely because she doesn’t feel justice was served.  
“We gave it our all. I ate, breathed and slept that case,” she told Guthrie. “I did nothing but work that case 24/7 for 15 months – I left nothing on the table. So, I can say that there is nothing more I can do. To say I’m at peace with the verdict, no, I mean no.”  
/n