Bill O’Reilly Apologizes for Mocking Maxine Waters with ‘James Brown Wig’ Comment/n
This article originally appeared on EW.com.
UPDATE: Bill O’Reilly has issued an apology after mocking congresswoman Maxine Waters with his “James Brown wig” comments on Tuesday’s Fox and Friends.
“As I have said many times, I respect Congresswoman Maxine Waters for being sincere in her beliefs,” he said in a statement. “I said that again today on Fox & Friends calling her ‘old school.’ Unfortunately, I also made a jest about her hair which was dumb. I apologize.”
According to a Fox News spokesperson, O’Reilly will discuss the comments on Tuesday night’s The O’Reilly Factor, airing at 8 p.m. ET.
———-
Bill O’Reilly is coming under fire for scorning Democratic congresswoman Maxine Waters on Fox and Friends Tuesday. “I didn’t hear a word she said,” O’Reilly remarked after watching a clip of Waters railing against Trump and the Republican party. “I was looking at the James Brown wig.”
A representative of California’s 43rd district, the congresswoman made headlines for a recent speech, in which she said, “We’re fighting for the democracy. We are fighting for America. We’re saying to those who say they’re patriotic but then turned a blind eye to the destruction that [Trump’s] about to cause this country, ‘You are not nearly as patriotic as we are.’”
O’Reilly initially mocked Waters by raising a fist during the clip and mouthing, “Right on.” After his comments, Fox and Friends cohost Ainsley Earhardt said, “You can’t go after a woman’s looks. I think she’s very attractive.”
FROM COINAGE: This Is How Much It Would Cost to Paint the White House (And More Crazy Facts)

“I didn’t say she wasn’t attractive,” O’Reilly retorted. “I love James Brown. But it’s the same hair James Brown had.” He later commented on her as a politician, saying, “She’s a sincere individual. Whatever she said, she believes, and that’s old-school. We’re giving Maxine a break here. I love you, Maxine.”
https://twitter.com/statuses/846741282051543041
Watch O’Reilly’s comments in the clip above.
This article originally appeared on Ew.com
/n