Heather Morris Isn't Alone: Reality TV's Most Shocking Eliminations Some reality TV eliminations you can see coming from a mile away. Whether we've grown savvy to editing tricks, using them for clues, or the contested performa.../n
Some reality TV eliminations you can see coming from a mile away. Whether we've grown savvy to editing tricks, using them for clues, or the contested performance is just so plainly horrible that the bigger shock would be if the contestant in question managed to squeak by, it's not often rocket science to deduce who's getting the boot.But every now and then, an elimination on our favorite reality shows comes along that's so shocking that we're left sitting as #blindsided as the eliminated party. The latest example of this being, of course, Heather Morris' stunning elimination from season 24 of Dancing With the Stars, which came for the Glee alum and former Beyoncé back-up dancer in only week six and almost immediately after she more than earned the season's first perfect score. To say that the crowd in the ballroom, judges included, were outraged by the cut is an understatement.

Keith Michael—Project Runway, season threeAfter winning the first week of competition, cementing his status as the season's front-runner, Keith left fans and fellow designers stunned as it was discovered in week four that he was in the possession of pattern-making textbooks, as well as fashion history books, and had left production unattended for several hours, during which time he used the internet. As both were clear violations of the show's rules, Keith was immediately asked to leave the show, becoming the first contestant in Project Runway's history to find themselves disqualified.

Kristin Kish—Top Chef, season 10After racking up four wins, making her the season's clear front-runner, Kristen fell victim to the fabled Restaurant Wars and was eliminated after she took on her team's dessert—always a Top Chef contestant's Achilles heel—failed to impress. Even more shockingly, however, we went to Last Chance Kitchen, dominated week after week, and returned to the competition to take on Brooke Williamson in an Iron Chef-style arena, where she became the first chef to win three of the five rounds, ultimately leaving the season victorious.

Ben Flajnik—The Bachelorette, season sevenWhen Bachelorette Ashley Hebert let Ben get so far into his proposal that he was already down on one knee before she eliminated him, he and fans alike were stunned by the rather heartless way she waited so long for breaking the bad news. "You can't leave something like this on good terms. It's not possible," he told her, before walking away. As a consolation prize, ABC made Ben the star of The Bachelor's sixteenth season.

Which elimination do you think was the most shocking? Sound off in the comments below!
/n