 Listen: KKK Congratulates Shooter Dylann Roof In Sick Message — Inside Hate Group's.../n
The Ku Klux Klan is using the Internet to ramp up its calls for violence to compensate for their decreasing rank and file membership, a special RadarOnline.com investigation has uncovered.
The evidence in the nefarious new strategy is illustrated in a sickening recorded message that greets recruits calling the phone number for the North Carolina based Loyal White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan — the country’s largest and growing Klan group.
The evil message, heard by Radar, congratulates 21-year-old Dylann Storm Roof who coldly executed nine worshippers at a Charleston, S.C., church using a .45-caliber handgun to cut down the victims attending Bible study class on June 17th.
LISTEN TO THE MESSAGE

The recording blathers about Roof doing “what the Bible told him” by exacting revenge against minorities before rallying the listener with these evil words of encouragement: “If we had 10,000 more men like this young man, America would not be in the shape that it is in now!”
Radar can now shine a bright light on the dark and sinister playbook of the Klan’s new “guerilla war” of encouraging lone wolf psychos to kill instead of doing it themselves, like they did years ago.
Radar’s in-depth investigation has also uncovered the KKK operating in 26 states.
“No organized hate group wants to be directly implicated to a terrorist attack that will have their return address on the envelope,” renowned KKK expert Brian Levin, the director of the Center for the Study of Hate and Extremism at California State University in San Bernardino told Radar.
PHOTOS: Celebrity Racist Rants
“So the Klan and groups like it are very happy to indirectly influence radicals who then blow up on their own.”
The brainwashing tactic is also evident in Roof’s 2000-word screed where he explains why he took matters into his own hands: “We have no skinheads, no real KKK, no one doing anything but talking on the Internet,” he wrote. “Well someone has to have the bravery to take it to the real world, and I guess that has to be me.”
“That’s the beauty of having the group on the Internet,” Levin explained to Radar. “You don’t have to ensnare someone into membership — they just want to ensnare people into their ideology.”
The Klan, which once boasted more than four million members in the 1920s, has been steadily shrinking with an estimated 4000 to 5000 haters spread out into dozens of splintered groups, experts say.
PHOTOS: Church Mass Murderer Dylann Storm Roof Smirking During Extradition In 12 Photos –– Sicko’s Smile Might Disappear After Officials Say DEATH PENALTY Charges Expected
“As the Klan has shrunk and lost their viability….It has become more desperately radical and overtly violent,” Dr. David Cunningham, professor and director of Social Justice & Social Policy Program at Brandeis University told Radar.
Encouraging the lone wolves is essentially “guerilla war,” added Cunningham, who wrote the book Klansville, USA: The Rise and Fall of the Civil Rights-Era Ku Klux Klan. “In a lot of ways it’s just a signal of their desperation and their sense that this is their only choice because they are not going to build a mass following in any real way.”
“What they’ll lack in numbers they’ll certainly make up in terms of danger, combustibility and unpredictability,” continued Cunningham. “There is an encouragement of this kind of action and there’s no real sense of predicting where it might pop up or explode in any given situation.”
Roof, who faces federal hate crime charges, most likely got introduced to the Klan 12 years ago when his family moved to Lexington, S.C., the hometown of Horace King, longtime leader of the Christian Knights of the Ku Klux Klan.
PHOTOS: American Psycho: Church Murderer Dylann Storm Roof Hated America — 21 Sickening Photos
“The Klan is still alive and active out there,” one of Roof’s former neighbors in Columbia, S.C., told Radar.
“The Klan is a shadow of its former self but that shadow is cast diffusely across society,” Levin added. “Their Internet presence, which gives them a far greater reach to disseminate their hatred to unstable loners who will act on this hatred.” /n