Mika Brzezinski Says Melania Trump Wants Out Of 'Worst Job In the Country'/n
Morning Joe co-host Mika Brzezinski has now drawn First Lady Melania Trump into her feud with the President.  In an interview with InStyle, Brzezinski implied that Melania wanted out of her marriage to Donald Trump.
But the beautiful former model has struck back, issuing a statement to the Daily Mail, saying that Brzezinski doesn’t know her.
As Radar readers know, the President shocked Brzezinksi and her TV co-host, Joe Scarborough, when he tweeted Thursday morning, writing that he no longer watched their MSNBC morning show and charged, “low I.Q. Crazy Mika” had been “bleeding badly from a face-lift” when she and “Psycho Joe” visited him at his Mar-a-Lago resort around New Year’s Eve.
Brzezinski and Scarborough, who, source told Radar, got engaged to cover up their affair, have been fighting back ever since and now the fight involves FLOTUS.
“I know Melania. I haven’t talked to her in months, but if my gut is right, I don’t think she’s going to put up with it much longer,” Brzezinski told the InStyle website. “I know nothing. That’s just my instinct and I go with my gut and my gut’s always right.”
Her “gut” said that Melania was only doing “the worst job in the country” for the sake of her young son, Barron.
“I’m just telling you, Melania’s got the worst job in the country and I don’t think she wants do it a lot longer. I think she will do it for as long as she has to for her son, and that’s it,” Brzezinski said.
Melania soon issued a statement in which she said, simply, “It is sad when people try to further their own agenda by commenting on me and my family, especially when they don’t know me.”
The Trumps and Morning Joe hosts once had a very cozy relationship with Donald giving the MSNBC pair—who became romantically involved and recently got engaged—interviews when he was running for President.
Melania even gave her first TV interview after her husband announced his candidacy to Brzezinski.
After he won, however, the relationship changed and Brzezinski and Scarborough began attacking the President mercilessly, even questioning his mental health.
Brzezinski told viewers on Friday’s Morning Joe that she liked Melania.
She and co-star/fiancé Scarborough also told fans their version of the Mar-a-Lago story, which differed greatly from Donald’s.
According to a Vanity Fair interview, Brzezinski said the President offered them the White House or Mar-a-Lago as a venue for the wedding. And Donald even suggested he could marry them!
But Brzezinski said that she wasn’t interested.
Radar revealed the couple’s real relationship was tinged with scandal, as Brzezinski divorced her husband of 23 years, James Hoffer, in January 2016. And many believed her romantic involvement with her Morning Joe co-host Scarborough had caused the split, Radar sources said.
In a Washington Post op-ed, Mika and Joe said she “never had a face-lift,” as the President claimed, but did admit that she had “a little skin under her chin tweaked, but this was hardly a state secret.”
Brzezinski, 50, boasted that the chin job “looks awesome.”
However, top plastic surgery experts, who have not treated the TV host, have told Radar that in their opinion Brzezinski DID have a face- lift.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n