Lela Rose Spring 2014 Fashion Show: Get the Runway Look New York Fashion Week is most definitely in full swing in the Big Apple, and we're positively loving all of the incredible runway beauty trends we've seen so far! At the Lela .../n
New York Fashion Week is most definitely in full swing in the Big Apple, and we're positively loving all of the incredible runway beauty trends we've seen so far!At the Lela Rose runway show over the weekend, we saw playful updos featuring childlike middle parts and tousled chignons paired with vibrant eye makeup for a spring look that wasn't easily forgotten.We scored some downtime with the hair and makeup pros behind the scenes to get the scoop on how to recreate this runway look at home.



Jennifer Cooper, E!

Here's what we learned:Ted Gibson for Beauty.com was the mastermind behind the creative ‘dos and he shared step-by-step instructions for this whimsical look.1. Apply Ted Gibson Build It Blow Drying Agent to prep hair before blowing out. 2. Create a deep center part, applying Ted Gibson Fix It Gel to smooth flyaways.3. Use a small curling iron to create a wave starting from the ears and going down to create a differentiating texture.

4. Back comb the wavy portion of the hair to create volume and texture and finish with Ted Gibson Beautiful Hold Hair Spray.5. Secure hair with an elastic band, folding the hair on top of itself and pinning in place to create a faux bob.6. Optional: Sprinkle small flakes of gold leaf on the textured portion of the hair to finish! 



Jennifer Cooper, E!

As for the makeup, pro artist Romy Soleimani for Beauty.com created a modern look that incorporated pink lips and electric green eye shadow with Stila products."I'm definitely seeing acid-y colors for spring, whether it be greens, pinks or oranges," she explained.For a flawless face, the expert applied Stila Stay All Day concealer and color correcting stick SPF 20. 

To illuminate the eyes with shocking color, she added Stila color pigments in Light Show, eye shadow in Cha Cha, convertible color in Camellia and layered on Glamoureyes mascara.Finally, she finished the look with Stila color balm lipstick in Betsey and convertible color in Fuchsia.

And there you have it! Who's ready for spring?
/n