Bill Clinton’s ‘Black Sheep’ Brother Puts Major Strain On Hillary’s Campaign/n
While Hillary Clinton attempts to keep her head above her own political scandals, Bill’s brother is only adding more damage to her campaign.
According to new reports, Roger Cassidy Clinton Jr. pleaded not guilty in court after his June arrest for DUI in Redondo Beach, California. Defense Attorney Walter F. Wiggins Jr. showed up on behalf of Roger during court, claiming that Roger had taken part of one or two alcoholic educational classes since the incident. Roger’s pretrial date has now been booked for November 7.
RadarOnline.com exclusively reported the arrest on June 6, where he was later released on a $15,000 bond the following morning. But Radar learned alarming details of Bill’s “black sheep” brother’s meltdown hours before the 8 p.m. arrest.
PHOTOS: Revenge! Donald Trump Fighting Back Against Hillary Clinton’s Smear Campaign
An eyewitness saw the 60-year-old causing a scene in Venice, California, that evening. “I saw him early, it was right before 5:30,” Chad Manuel told Radar. “He was drunk at that point!” Chad added that he noticed another man was helping Roger’s date stand up. “That’s how wasted they were!” Manuel said. Reports claimed that when he was arrested, the Clinton family troublemaker’s alcohol level was nearly three times the legal limit.
This wouldn’t be the first time Roger caused a family crisis for Bill and Hillary. In 2001, he was arrested again for DUI. And in 1985, he was caught distributing cocaine and faced a year in prison for the charges.
PHOTOS: Obama’s Half-Brother SLAMS System & Supports Trump After Hillary Clinton Email Leak
“Hillary doesn’t trust him,” a source told The National ENQUIRER. “She told Bill to shut him down and instruct Roger to clean up his act.”
Do you think Roger’s dark past will damage Hillary’s campaign?
Tell us in the comments below! We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n