‘The Walking Dead’ Fans Petition for a Better Season 6 Finale/n





                    'The Walking Dead' Season 6 Finale Recap
                







What you need to know. 

 MORE >>










                    15 Things You Didn’t Know About 'Fear the Walking Dead'
                







Get to know the zombie spin-off. 

 MORE >>





Those behind #WhoIsIt demand an answer.

The Walking Dead viewers are rallying together in a petition after a majority of the fandom collectively deemed the ending to the series’ sixth season finale to be a complete bust. [SPOILER ALERT! Do not read on if you have not seen the “Last Day on Earth” episode yet.]
Many fans were left enraged after Negan (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) captured fan-favorite characters — Rick, Daryl, Michonne, Glenn, Maggie, Abraham, Sasha, Rosita, Carl, and Eugene — and threatened to kill one of them on Sunday’s episode. The finale ended on a cliffhanger when the screen abruptly went to black as the smashing of someone’s skull was heard, prompting many to now demand that the showrunners reveal who had been murdered.
“I would like AMC to show us who Negan killed in the Season 6 finale of The Walking Dead,” Mason Cade Packer of New Zealand wrote in the Change.org petition’s description. “We want this either in an interim episode that borders Season 6 and 7, or a short R-Rated webisode that shows us the death in all it’s bloody glory. Either of these are fine as long as it’s released before May 30th.”


norman Reedus and Andrew Lincoln Chat with 'Walking Dead' Fans








































20 Photos »


As of this article’s publish time, 1,851 people have signed the petition. However, not everyone is on board with this idea.
“Fucking millennials … ‘I’m entitled to know the ending!'” one user wrote in the comment section. “Just STFU and wait.”
“I am not really signing, I just wanted to say this is the stupidest thing I ever saw,” another penned.
Many viewers who did sign the petition thought the cliffhanger ending was totally unnecessary and designed to toy with diehard fans’ emotions.
Andrew Lincoln, who plays Rick on the AMC show, since defended the finale. “People are well within their rights to feel whatever they want,” Lincoln told TheWrap. “If they feel robbed, it’s a completely valid thing. But a guttural reaction, an upset, that’s the point of drama. I don’t go to a theater or movie and not feel things. I want to feel things.”
The Walking Dead Season 7 is slated to return in October.


'The Walking Dead' stills








































13 Photos »


/n