Warren Beatty's Transgender Son: Chaz Bono Hates Women, Poor Rep For Trans Community/n
By Adam S. Levy, Radar Staff Writer
Chaz Bono‘s media tours, reality show and widely-seen stint on Dancing with the Stars have made him the world’s most well-known transgender advocate, but RadarOnline.com has learned the daughter-turned-son of Cher doesn’t have a fan in Stephen Ira, the transgender son of Warren Beatty and Annette Bening.
Stephen, 19, (who was born a girl named Kathlyn) writes a blog titled Super Mattachine in which he identifies himself as “a gay trans man for whom both identities are equally important, a white anti-racist, a feminist, and a poet.”
He went on to express that Chaz “has appointed himself as the representative of a group of people who are not all like him. He has said misogynistic… things about gender. I take particular issue with his comments on trans embodiment and on women.”
PHOTOS:  Stars Come Out For L.A. Gay And Lesbian Center’s Anniversary Gala
Stephen said he was infuriated when Chaz told the New York Times that being transgendered is essentially having a “mismatched” brain and body, akin to a “birth defect like a cleft palate.”
“I do not have a birth defect. If you feel like you have a birth defect, fine. That’s how you feel. Go feel that,” Stephen wrote.
“Do not put it onto me. Do not define me that way, and do not define other trans people that way unless they claim that label.
PHOTOS:  Chaz Bono Honored At Respect Awards
“It’s beyond that, though. Chaz is a misogynist. He is a trans man who seems to believe that his female-assignedness and his female socialization makes him immune from being a misogynist, and he is manifestly wrong.”
He continued, “This man doesn’t represent our community… The next time you hear Chaz’s name brought up in a conversation about trans issues, point out the things he’s said about surgery, ‘birth defects,’ and women.
“Because I don’t want a single person thinking this guy is the best of us.”
Fun fact: Chaz’s mother Cher dated Stephen’s father Warren in 1962.
 
RELATED STORIES:
Stars Come Out To Celebrate L.A. Gay And Lesbian Center’s 40th Anniversary
Transsexual Polish Politician Takes Place In Parliament
Sexy Transsexual Model Steams Up New Swimwear Campaign /n