From Red Carpet to Your Closet: How to Snag Jennifer Lawrence’s ‘Mockingjay’ Style for Less./n





                    Flawless
                







Jennifer Lawrence looks amazing in new Dior campaign

 MORE >>










                    Jennifer LOL-rence
                







Our favorite funny GIFs of the Oscar-winner.

 MORE >>





For today’s edition of High-End/Low-End, we’re delighted to welcome certified image consultant Laurie Brucker, who CBS named one of Los Angeles’ best personal stylists in 2013.  With the release of The Hunger Games: Mockingjay – Part 1 last night, there’s no better time for her to give us some insight on how to dress like Jennifer Lawrence for LESS! Enjoy!

Jennifer Lawrence always rocks the red carpet. From bold ball gowns to a chic pantsuit, she has proven that she can literally wear it all. But you don’t have to be the official face of Dior to feel like a star. Let’s take a style cue from J. Law and make our sidewalks our own personal red carpets with these three great ideas:

From Dior to Everyday! Inspired by J.Law’s Dior dress at the London premiere of Hunger Games: Mockingjay – Part 1, this is an easy look to recreate at home! A white and black, fit-and-flare floral embellished dress is daring yet feminine at the same time. Plus, a high low hem is great for elongating your legs with a midi dress length. For your next holiday party, find a
similar style like this one from Nordstrom, add earring studs and in a chic pony tail with black bejeweled headband and voila! Red Carpet made easy.

The 70s are Back! At the London Mockingjay photo call, J. Law ditched her dresses for a 70’s inspired pantsuit a la American Hustle. (My fashion crystal ball says that the 70s revival is on trend for Spring 2015.) Get this look by pairing a sophisticated white suit like this one from BCBG, with a Dylan black silk camisole and Bauble Bar lariat necklace. Instant J-Law chic!

Give me a Cold Shoulder! We are still dreaming of this shoulder baring frock from the from the Glaad Media Awards this last year. It’s chic, sexy and daring all at the same time–just like our J. Law. With shoulder-baring still being a major trend this year, why not snag up a look-a-like blouse like this one from Cooper and Ella. Then take a beauty cue from J.Law and pair in a smoky cat eye, nude lip and relaxed waves in your hair–Or you can even switch it up with a bold red lip for a more dramatic feel.
Check out more from Laurie at LaurieBStyle.com or follow her on Instagram and Twitter @LaurieBStyle.
/n