Miss USA 2017 Is Crowned — But Not Without Some Controversy First!/n

Say hello to our new Miss USA!
On Sunday evening, the 2017 Miss USA title was handed out and ANOTHER beauty queen from Washington, D.C. snagged the coveted title. Yup, Miss District of Columbia Kara McCullough was announced the winner during the live competition in Las Vegas!
Photos: Worst Beauty Pageant Answers Of All Time!
Miz McCullough beat out the other top three finalists, including first runner-up Miss New Jersey (Chhavi Verg) and second runner-up Miss Minnesota (Meridith Gould). And we can't say we're surprised to hear that Kara won the Miss USA crown as she's a nuclear scientist at the United States Nuclear Regulatory Commission. No, really!
Not to mention, this is the second year in a row that a contestant from D.C. has walked away victorious at the celebrated pageant.
Still, McCullough's crowning doesn't come without some controversy. The scientist was dragged online for her answers regarding health care and feminism during the competition. When asked if healthcare is a right or a privilege, Kara responded that healthcare should only go to citizens with jobs — but then added that it's the country's job to make more employment opportunities so that most people can have healthcare. Huh.
See the best reactions to her answer (below). 

Miss DC was my fav but… not after that answer. Everyone has a right to healthcare. #MissUSA pic.twitter.com/lM9V90B4Lh
— Charlsley✿ (@CharlsleyCarey) May 15, 2017

#MissUSA Miss DC just lost me with that answer….Affordable healthcare is a privilege? Girl bye. pic.twitter.com/Q5mU7PIlx1
— Kat 🤗❤ (@dazella_may) May 15, 2017


DC just lost my vote. Healthcare shouldn't be a privilege for only people with jobs.#MissUSA pic.twitter.com/QMlAR24EiC
— mollie (@mollie64438390) May 15, 2017


Dang I wanted Miss D.C to win but I'm sorry affordable health care is not a privilege. Health care should be a human right! #MissUSA
— Kandacy Adams (@_KandKand) May 15, 2017
Of course, the Twitter reactions didn't stop there as many people weighed in on the competition after D.C. said she doesn't like to use the word "feminist" and would rather use the phrase "equalism."
The dark haired stunner explained:

"I don't want to call myself a feminist. Women, we are just as equal as men, especially in the workplace."
Obviously, the internet had a lot to say (below) about that quote.

…so DC has no idea what feminism means. #MissUSA
— rap god baechu (@sciattas) May 15, 2017


It's incredibly sad that in 2017, a woman is striving to occupy a position of influence w/ no understanding of what feminism is. #MissUSA
— courtney (@seecourttweet) May 15, 2017


Huge fan of #MissUSA being a black woman and a scientist and advocate for science education, but dang she could use a class on social issues
— Keely Cunningham (@KEE_LYme_pie) May 15, 2017


When Miss DC answered about feminism, the entire #GirlPower nation cringed. #MissUSA pic.twitter.com/0chbk8zRON
— Nicki Mayo (@nickimayonews) May 15, 2017
Eek. Hopefully, these controversies aren't foreshadowing what's to come during Kara's reign as Miss USA.
Good luck, girl!/n