‘Flip or Flop’ Stars Tarek and Christina El Moussa Split Months After Police Respond to Alarming Fight at Their Home/n





                    Love Is Dead: The Weeknd and Bella Hadid Split
                







The Weeknd and Bella Hadid have parted ways after a year-and-a-half of dating.

 MORE >>





Flip or Flop stars Tarek and Christina El Moussa have called it quits after seven years of marriage.
“Like many couples, we have had challenges in our marriage. We had an unfortunate misunderstanding about six months ago and the police were called to our house in an abundance of caution,” they said in a statement People. “There was no violence and no charges were filed.”


Love Is Dead: Most Upsetting Celebrity Break-Ups of 2016








































38 Photos »


“During the process, we are committed to our kids and being the best parents we can be. We will continue to work through this process civilly and cooperatively, and plan to continue our professional life together,” Tarek and Christina added.
Their split comes after police responded to a call about a “possibly suicidal male with a gun” at the couple’s home back in May. According to TMZ, a helicopter and more than a dozen authorities showed up to find Tarek after he had fled the scene. Witnesses also say they saw Christina run out of the house sobbing and trembling just shortly after the incident.



All new #fliporflop on tonight @hgtv
A photo posted by Christina El Moussa (@christinaelmoussa) on Dec 8, 2016 at 1:46pm PST



HGTV also released a statement regarding the couple’s split and the future of the show. “We admire and appreciate Tarek and Christina’s great work on Flip or Flop,” the network explained. “When it comes to matters related to their own family, we respect their privacy and honor any decision that works best for them and their children. HGTV is currently airing episodes of Flip or Flop and the series will continue production as scheduled.”
The couple, who wed in 2009, have two children: Taylor, 6, and Brayden, 15 months.


18 Couples Who Can Never Ever, Ever, Ever Breakup








































18 Photos »


/n