EXCLUSIVE: MTV VJ Susie Castillo Gets Married/n
MTV VJ and former Miss USA Susie Castillo was married Saturday to her longtime beau, Matthew Leslie, in an intimate ceremony at his parents’ home in Ipswich, Mass., the couple tells PEOPLE exclusively.  
Leslie, 26, had proposed on live television during the 2004 Miss USA pageant. Castillo, also 26, was given away by her mother, Carmen; her sister, Marisele Cintron-Sigman, officiated before 22 family members and friends.   
“No celebs,” Castillo told PEOPLE before the big day. “We wanted it to be very small and intimate.”  
Post ceremony, the newlyweds tell PEOPLE, “We had a great wedding! Right out of a Martha Stewart book, everyone kept saying. And the town’s church bells rang right as Marisele pronounced us husband and wife! It was as if we planned it.”  
The couple met in 1999 while both were students at Endicott College in Beverly, Mass. “We’re best friends and completely in love and it’s been an amazing relationship,” Castillo says.   
The bride wore an off-the-rack Domo Adami gown purchased at a bridal sample sale, with an ivory linen fitted bodice over a separate skirt supported by layers of lace and tulle and decorated with linen flowers. Her veil was fingertip length sheer ivory tulle.  
The couple designed their wedding bands, which are white gold rings with invisible set diamonds that were custom-made by Richard Berberian at Elyse Jewelers. Castillo’s has scalloped edges lined with baguettes. Leslie also designed Castillo’s engagement ring, which features a 1.1-carat round diamond with pink sapphires on either side, with smaller diamonds flanking the sapphires.  
The 5 p.m. outdoor ceremony was followed by a tented reception, where guests were scheduled to dine on lobster bisque, chicken with Madeira wine sauce, butternut squash and parsley mashed potatoes. Leslie and Castillo designed their wedding cake, with each crafting a tier – Castillo choosing a chocolate opera cake dipped in espresso with chocolate mousse, Leslie opting for spice cake with a cream cheese filling.  
An autumn-in-New-England theme dominated the décor, with hay bales, gourds, fall flowers and fall leaves.  
The couple will honeymoon for a week in Hawaii. “We’re afraid of the water,” Castillo admits, but they plan to golf, sightsee and take a volcano tour.   
Just a week in paradise? “I gotta get back to work!” Castillo says.    
/n