Racy Emails! Charles Payne's Affair With Alleged Sexual Harassment Victim, Exposed/n
Charles Payne and alleged sexual harassment victim Scottie Nell Hughes‘ racy emails have reportedly been found, RadarOnline.com can reveal, and the evidence tells all on the TV personalities’ three-year affair.
According to reports, the shocking emails come after Hughes accused Payne of having sexually harassed her and threatened her position at the company.
“You are going to need every once [sic] of energy if we are ever given the chance of lots of time and no commitments,” read one of Hughes’ alleged emails dated back to 2013.
PHOTOS: Top 10 Moments From Megyn Kelly’s Explosive Donald Trump Interview
In a email titled “Another sleepless night” she reportedly recounted a sexual dream she apparently had of the two, writing: “Do you know what I keep dreaming about.. You and I in the pool… My legs wrapped around your waste [sic] and you have me pressed up against the wall of the pool.”
Hughes continued: “Skin glistening and smelling of coconut… You thrusting yourself deeper inside with each push… And your fingers grasping each of my cheeks. Holding me to you.”
As Radar previously revealed, Fox Business suspended Payne due to Hughes’ sexual harassment accusations, while the Making Money host denied all claims.
PHOTOS: Truth Exposed! 15 Most Shocking Revelations From Parts 1 & 2 of Duggar Interviews With Megyn Kelly — Josh Duggar A “Sly” Predator
While Payne has confirmed his three-year affair with Hughes, he denies that sexual assault was ever involved.
“I would like to extend an apology to my family and friends for having been involved in a romantic affair that ended two years ago,” he told Radar.
On Wednesday he tweeted: “Days ago a reporter contacted me about (false) allegations and asked for a comment. I gave an immediate reply. He reported story w/out them.”
PHOTOS: Fox News Bombshell: Gretchen Carlson RECORDED Roger Ailes’s Creepy Sex Come-Ons
He continued, saying that Hughes’ claim that he harassed her was “an ugly lie I vehemently deny to my core.”
“There is a mountain of proof that also proves it’s a lie.”
Firing back to his former lover’s career-wrecking accusations, Payne wrote: “I will fight this like a lion armed with truth. Thanks so much for all those that have reached out in support. #FightingBack”
PHOTOS: Lindsay Lohan Makes ‘Jimmy Kimmel’ Appearance Amid Messy Lawsuit With ‘Fox News’ – Sports Odd Bruises
As Radar can report, both Hughes and Payne are currently married, yet their affair was well-known within the Fox News circles, as 10 sources confirmed.
The two reportedly shared a room while on a business trip to Las Vegas, where they disappeared together for “hours” during an event, said a source.
Hughes also attended Payne’s birthday party at his home in 2015, yet their flirty behavior made the Making Money host’s wife suspicious.
After the incident, Payne’s wife reportedly voiced her concerns to Fox’s former head of programming Bill Shine, after which he barred her from appearing on Fox News or Fox Business.
As Radar readers know, Hughes claimed she only stayed in the relationship with Payne because she thought it would help her career. She has now claimed he pressured her into staying with threats of reprisals.
Fox Business has renewed Payne’s contract, and Hughes has yet to comment on the leaked emails.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n