It's Happening! Deena Cortese Tells All On 'Jersey Shore' Reunion Spinoff/n
Cabs are here for the Jersey Shore reunion! Deena Cortese exclusively revealed to RadarOnline.com that the former MTV cast members are working on a televised reunion.
“Right now we are on board with getting the reunion started,” Cortese told Radar. “We’re throwing ideas around. We want to be back in the house together.”
Cortese explained how co-star Jenni Farley pitched having a “blast on an island,” while other co-stars want to get a shore house for two weeks.
PHOTOS: Make A Bid! Teresa Giudice’s Jersey Shore Home Going To Foreclosure Auction — Starting Price? $100!
“We’re mature, but we still like to have fun,” she said. “Just cause some of us are married and have kids doesn’t mean we won’t go to clubs. We all still enjoy ourselves and have fun and go out.”
She explained how while they would “love MTV to pick it up,” they are “down to go elsewhere.”
Nicole Polizzi, Farley, Sammi Giancola, Mike Sorrentino, Vinny Guadagnino, Pauly DelVecchio had a “little reunion” when they filmed a commercial for Burger King.
“It was awesome being with everyone again,” she said, although Ronnie Ortiz-Magro was noticeably missing from the commercial. “It was a family dinner in Burger King. It was so nice getting together.”
PHOTOS:The Last Photo! ‘Nervous’ Joe Giudice Spotted At Jersey Starbucks On Way To Prison
Some cast members also reunited for Reunion Road Trip, which is an unscripted series that will “capture an epic show reunion as the cast drives down memory lane making familiar stops along the way – sharing stories, revisiting hot spots, and catching up on each other’s current lives,” E! revealed.
“Viewers will follow the lifelong friends as they come together to gossip about each other’s lives, what has been said about them in the press, the juiciest moments and stories we never saw behind the scenes, and most of all talk about the pop culture hit that has bonded them forever,” the description continued.
Will you watch a reunion? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n