Celebrity Scoop: Abby Lee Miller Headed to Prison, Goldie Hawn on Lasting Love and More of the Biggest News from Hollywood
/n
From arrests to longtime relationship success, here’s the latest out of La La Land.
Dance Moms‘ Abby Lee Miller sentenced to prison
Keith Srakocic/AP
Dance Moms star Abby Lee Miller has been sentenced to a year and one day in a federal prison, with two years supervised release, in her long-running bankruptcy fraud case.
Miller, 50, was additionally fined $40,000 and ordered to pay a $120,000 judgement.
In October 2015, Miller was charged with attempting to hide $775,000 of income from her Lifetime series and its spin-off, Abby’s Ultimate Dance Competition, as well as multiple other projects during Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings. She allegedly hid the money in secret bank accounts between 2012–13.
She was further accused of hiding $120,000 in multiple plastic bags and having friends carry them in their luggage in Aug. 2014.
A source told PEOPLE that Miller angered the judge during her sentencing hearing, after commenting, “I wish you could take my class — I really want to go to lunch with you after this.”
Explained the insider, “The prosecution team thought Abby was going to get away with just probation. Her lunch remark lost her big-time.”
Meanwhile, a rep for Miller told PEOPLE the reality star is “taking the news as well as anyone in her position can.”
Speaking to Good Morning America the next day, Miller said of prison time, “I’m just going to pretend I’m shooting a movie and we’re on set and I’m there for 10 months, and that’s how it’s going to be.”
Rob & Big star Christopher ‘Big Black’ Boykin dies
Jason Merritt/Getty
Christopher “Big Black” Boykin, who starred on MTV’s Rob & Big, died on Tuesday morning from a heart attack, his rep confirmed to PEOPLE.
Boykin, 45, is survived by his daughter, 9-year-old Isis Rae Boykin.
The 6′ 6,” 375-lb. reality star appeared as Rob Dyrdek’s bodyguard on the reality show from 2006-08 before it was abruptly ended following friction between the duo.
Jesse Grant/WireImage
Professional skateboarder Dyrdek addressed the loss on Twitter in a series of messages. “My heart is broken. I don’t want to write this post. I don’t want to believe that this is reality. I am so thankful for you.”
“We truly were brothers that lived an unexpected unforgettable adventure. I just can’t fathom that it would end so suddenly,” he continued. “You will forever be in my heart.”
Richard Simmons claims former associate has been blackmailing him for years
Dimitrios Kambouris/WireImage
In a bombshell lawsuit against the National Enquirer and their publishers filed earlier this week, fitness guru Richard Simmons alleged that a former associate, Mauro Oliveira, had “blackmailed, extorted and stalked” him for years – and claims it’s part of the reason he’s stayed away from the spotlight.
The lawsuit alleges that Oliveira — who was not named as a defendant in the suit — sold false and libelous information that Simmons was transition to become a woman to the National Enquirer and Radar Online, both owned by American Media, Inc.
The suit claims that the Enquirer and Radar “knew and acted in reckless disregard for the fact that the information provided by Mr. Oliveira was false and that he was not a credible or reliable source.”
Oliveira told PEOPLE in response, “The allegations are false, and the real story about Richard Simmons will come out eventually.”
The suit also repeats the assertion from Simmons’ longtime rep Michael Catalano that the star is not transitioning to a woman, despite articles published by the defendants claiming otherwise.
Courtesy Richard Simmons
A spokesperson at American Media, Inc. told PEOPLE prior to seeing the suit, “We stand by our reporting about [Simmons], all of which was based on solid sourcing and material evidence. Should he choose to proceed with his lawsuit, we will defend it vigorously, and we look forward to the public vindication of our reports.”
“He didn’t want to take it anymore. He’s reached his limit of tolerance,” Simmons’ lawyer Neville L. Johnson, a founding partner of Beverly Hills law firm Johnson & Johnson, LLP, told PEOPLE of why the 68-year-old chose to file the complaint. “He has denied [the stories] consistently, and they are relentless. They won’t give up, so somebody has to put a stop to it. I think he reached a point where he just said, ‘This is unacceptable.’ ”
Goldie Hawn reveals the secrets of her 34-year relationship with Kurt Russell
David Crotty/Patrick McMullan/Getty
In this week’s PEOPLE cover story, 71-year-old actress Goldie Hawn gets candid about her enduring love affair with partner of 34 years Kurt Russell.
“He was so good-looking, but he had no pretense about him. I could tell right away he wasn’t a womanizer,” Hawn admitted of meeting Russell, now 66, for the first time.
Sharing the secrets to their lasting romance in an industry where many partnerships are short-lived, Hawn said, “Love, gratitude, compassion, because sometimes every man or every woman will drive their partner crazy. Family. Fun. Laughs. Sex. If you don’t nurture that, and remember, you’re done.”

In the issue, Hawn also opened up to PEOPLE Editor-in-Chief Jess Cagle about nearly losing her son, Oliver Hudson, to toxemia the day after his birth.
Visiting her son in the ICU, Hawn said she “asked God, I said, ‘Come through me, use me to heal my son.’ ”
Miraculously, she said, his heart rate went up. Oliver is now 40, and has his own children.
Dan Steinberg/Invision/AP
“I don’t think there’s any question that prayer can work. I’m a very spiritual person,” said Hawn. “I’m not a religious person, although I was raised Jewish and I like my tribe, but that was a beautiful thing. It was phenomenal. I just emptied myself. I don’t know how to explain it.”
Chrissy Metz hits back at body shamers over latex MTV Movie & TV Awards dress
Rob Latour/REX/Shutterstock
Chrissy Metz clapped back at body shamers who hit out at the This Is Us actress over the glam, dark red latex dress she wore at the MTV Movie & TV Awards Sunday night.
On Twitter,  the 36-year-old star wrote later that night: “For the record, I wear what I want, when I want. News flash it’s MY body. #thankstho.”
Metz’s stylist Jordan Grossman told PeopleStyle exclusively that wearing a latex look was a “dream for Chrissy for a long time.”
“She does not care about anyone’s opinions as long as she feels good and looks great. It was a [fashion] moment she’s been wanting for a long time,” Grossman shared. “Regardless what anyone said or says it’s really her moment so they can’t take that away from her.”
Addressing the entire ordeal again on social media on Wednesday, Metz wrote of her custom-look, “Remember that time folks got rowdy because I wore a dress? The outpouring of love and support from all of you lovely people has not gone unnoticed.”
She continued, “I hope that in some small way an unconventional body wearing an unconventional material opened up discussion, hearts and minds. I truly had no idea it would make anyone feel uncomfortable, I just wanted to try something different.”
 
/n