Jen’s Nightmare! Garner's Dad Reveals Family Has Rallied After Sudden Tragedy/n
Jennifer Garner seemed set for a summer of love as her divorce talks with Ben Affleck were replaced with romantic reconciliation and European vacations. But all that changed when her parents’ West Virginia hometown was hit by severe flooding that devastated the region and left several dead. Garner’s father, Bill, spoke out exclusively to RadarOnline.com about the tragedy unfolding in the area.
“There are people who are really suffering,” Bill told Radar from his home in Charleston. “There were five lives lost in this county. Houses that have been lost.”
“We’ve been getting calls to make sure we’re OK,” he said. “Our youngest daughter here, in town, is getting calls wanting to know if we’re OK.”
PHOTOS: The Way They Were — Look Back At Divorcing Jennifer Garner & Ben Affleck’s Happier Times
But despite fears for the couple, who live in a remote location, he told Radar, “I’m sitting here in our breakfast area, high and dry on top of our mountain ridge.”
“The power went out for about a day and a half,” he confirmed. “We lost our cable and electricity, but we have a generator.”
Despite those inconveniences, he insisted, “We are essentially not affected.”
Still, Bill and Jen’s mom Patricia are doing their part to help their neighbors. “Our church has some teams that are entering that area,” he said, “and we’ve contributed to the efforts.”
PHOTOS: Ben Affleck’s Dating The Nanny? 5 Facts About Stunning Christine Ouzounian
He told Radar, “Areas recovering from flooding are now accepting work teams to help with cleanup. Those wishing to be part of a team from Christ Church United Methodist, Charleston, WV, to go out and help should E-mail Dr. Jay Parkins at: jayparkins@msn.com.”
“Please donate to flood relief in West Virginia, through the United Methodist Church, where 100% of your donation will be used for flood relief,” Bill continued. “You may send your check to to WV Conference Treasurer P O Box 2469, Charleston, WV 25329. Please put #935 flood relief in memo line on the check. This will ensure your donation is used for flood relief in West Virginia. Every penny. EVERY penny.”
Story developing. /n