World Tour Meltdown: Madonna Looks Tipsy On Stage Amid Custody Battle Woes/n
Madonna‘s meltdown tour is raging on! The famed songstress appeared tipsy on stage in Australia this week, discussing relationship woes amid her own bitter custody battle with ex-husband Guy Ritchie.
“The thing is, I’m single,” she told the crowd, before slurring, “I don’t…have a husband, or a wife.”
The 57-year-old seemed to be unsteady on her feet as well, teetering around the stage as she insisted that she deserved to be “hooked up with someone amazing.”
PHOTOS: Madonna’s More Interesting Looks
Later, Madge spotted Josphine Georgiou, the 17-year-old Brisbane native whose breast she exposed to thousands of concertgoers after accidentally pulling her top down on stage just days before, joking about the matter with the teen’s mother (also in attendance).
But the Material Girl has been alarming fans and friends with erratic behavior for weeks now as her custody battle over 15-year-old son, Rocco Ritchie, rages on in the courts.
Madonna’s Rebel Heart tour has certainly suffered because of her legal woes. Many of the singer’s recent performances have been plagued by tardiness, strange rants, and tearful tributes to Rocco.
PHOTOS: Long Lost Photos Of Madonna
As a result, some of Madge’s fans have demanded refunds for her concerts.
Meanwhile, as RadarOnline.com reported, an insider claimed Madonna has been flirting with disaster, taking a potentially deadly mixture of booze and pills.
“Madonna seems to like her anti-psych meds,” alleged the insider, who said the “Holiday” singer is particularly fond of Clonazepam, which is used to treat panic disorders.
PHOTOS: Material Girl! 13 Of Madonna’s Behind-The-Scenes Diva Demands At ‘The Ellen DeGeneres Show’ Revealed
However, the medication has some scary side effects, including potentially causing paranoia and suicidal ideation and it can sometimes lead to an impairment in memory and coordination. The manufacturer also warns using the pills in conjunction with alcohol could be fatal. /n