'I'm On My Deathbed!' Zach Roloff Suffers From 'Life-Threatening' Illness/n
Just weeks after losing their beloved dog Sully to cancer, Zach Roloff and his wife Tori were dealt another terrifying blow.
On last night’s episode of Little People, Big World, the 26-year-old new father confessed to his family that he had secretly been suffering debilitating headaches and vomiting spells for months.
“I don’t really talk about it because there’s already so much happening,” he told the cameras, referring to Tori’s pregnancy, Sully’s sudden death and possibly his parents’ divorce and controversial new relationships. “Something’s wrong, here. I don’t know what it is, but it’s something.”
PHOTOS:Cheating Scandal? Matt Roloff Admitted He Didn’t Make Commitment A Priority
“It’s like I’m on my deathbed!”
When Zach told his father Matt, 55, the patriarch became very concerned.
“You’ve got to get this solved now!” he ordered.
Zach’s mom Amy, 52, believed the symptoms were related to her son’s shunt, which was implanted in his head as a baby to drain fluids.
PHOTOS: Brain Surgery, Car Wrecks & Painkillers: Inside ‘Little People, Big World’s Scary Medical Crises
“It was devastating,” she recalled of Zach’s initial surgery at just 16 months old. “If the shunt fails, it can be life threatening.”
“Now would be a terrible time for me to have to go into surgery,” Zach said. “Tori has already gone through enough. I don’t want to frighten her.”
The couple headed to the doctor, where tests proved inconclusive. He was ordered to keep a journal of symptoms to work on an eventual diagnosis.
PHOTOS: ‘Little People, Big World’s Jacob Roloff Quits Show, Exposes Family’s Reality Fakery!
Meanwhile, divorced pair Matt and Amy fought over where to hold son Jeremy and his expectant wife Audrey‘s gender reveal party on their Oregon farm.
When Amy refused to contribute to building Matt a bigger home on the property, he said he may not have much time left. Amy snapped.
“Don’t give me this cruel, pity baby thing,” she sneered. “Since I married you, you said you’re dying. And I’m like, God, when’s his time up?”
“That’s downright mean,” he responded.
PHOTOS: ‘Little People,’ Big Feud! Rebel Son Jacob Roloff’s 10 Biggest Disses To His Family
Ultimately, Amy won the battle, and the family decided to hold the bash in her home.
She was relieved that Matt’s assistant turned girlfriend, Caryn Chandler, 49, hadn’t been asked to the party after she scored an invite to Zach and Tori’s gender reveal gathering months earlier.
“Caryn has been a been a part of other events, but I’m pretty glad she’s not coming to this party because this particular event is just about family,” she told the cameras.
The party went off without a hitch as Jeremy, 26, and Audrey discovered that they were about to become parents to a baby girl, but tension remained between the hostile Matt and Amy.
Will Matt and Amy ever call a truce? Sound off in the comments.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n