sharing an adorable shot of her bundle of joy with fans on social media. "Shortly after we brought him home I held him in my arms and listened to Roberta Flack singing this tune. I felt my heart exploding in my chest with a love I could.../n
Heads are rolling over Karen O's latest Instagram announcement—she's officially a new mom!The Yeah Yeah Yeah's lead singer gave birth to her first child—a son—with her husband, British film director Barnaby Clay. While she has not yet revealed the name of her brand new baby boy, the front woman wasted no time sharing an adorable shot of her bundle of joy with fans on social media."Shortly after we brought him home I held him in my arms and listened to Roberta Flack singing this tune. I felt my heart exploding in my chest with a love I couldn't begin to put into words, so Roberta's will have to do for now," O wrote as an Instagram caption to a touching black and white photo of herself nuzzling her newborn son. She continued by quoting the lyrics of Flack's classic love song, "First Time Ever I Saw Your Face."



Pascal Le Segretain/Getty Images

"The first time ever I saw your face  I thought the sun rose in your eyes  and the moon and the stars were the gifts you gave  to the dark and the endless skies, my love , to the dark and the endless skies."Fresh off the debut of her first solo album, Crush Songs, and with a bouncing baby boy in tow, it looks like that smile may be permanently imprinted on O's face.We first learned of the 36-year-old's pregnancy in late April when she debuted her already growing baby bump in a black mini dress at the 30th Annual Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Induction Ceremony. While the South Korean native never said it in words, the bump was all we needed to confirm the twosome, who wed in 2011, was quickly expanding.Congratulations to mom and dad on the birth of their precious son. One thing is for sure—this kid has one of the coolest moms in town. Now, we just have to hold our breaths as we wait to hear what glorious name they have picked out for this cherub. 
/n