 A New Low! Hulk Hogan Spits Vile Homophobic Slurs In Latest Rant From Leaked Audiotape.../n
By DYLAN HOWARD, MELISSA CRONIN & LACHLAN CARTWRIGHT
Hulk Hogan‘s ‘N’ Word rant was just the beginning. Only days after the former wrestler’s disgusting racist tirade was exposed to the world, RadarOnline.com and The National ENQUIRER –– in a joint investigation –– can reveal that he was ALSO caught on tape unleashing a sickening diatribe against gay people!
In a shocking world exclusive that will surely destroy the disgraced wrestler’s legacy once and for all, Radar and The ENQUIRER have learned that the same unauthorized sex tape that included Hulk’s bigoted attack against black people also features a disgusting section in which he unleashes the ‘F’ word and more disturbing homophobic slurs.
Hulk, born Terry Bollea, is heard discussing his VH1 reality show, Hogan Knows Best, with former sex tape partner Heather Clem — the wife of his former friend, Bubba “The Love Sponge” Clem.
A conversation that starts innocently enough quickly turns sickening!.
PHOTOS: Hulk Hogan Spotted For The First Time Since Racism Scandal — At The Gym After Being Fired By WWE!
“VH1 wanted me to do a big thing and go back to the house I grew up in,” Hulk says, discussing the Season Four finale of his show.
“So we knock on the door,” he continues, “and a big f*g lives there now!”
Undeterred, the 61-year-old continued with his disgusting homophobic bile. “This half-gay was enamored with Linda,” he sniffs, of his ex-wife.
PHOTOS: Reality Stars In Sex Tapes
In the episode, which aired in October 2007, Hulk was seen visiting the Port Tampa home where he was raised by parents Peter and Ruth Bollea.
The home’s new owner welcomed him under his roof, and even gave the wrestler turned reality star a small metal truck — that he supposedly found in the garden when he moved in — and that once belonged to a young Hulk.
But the homeowner is not the only one Hulk dragged through the mud of his hate. Continuing his bitter rant on the audiotape, he then tears apart his wife, Linda, to whom he was still married at the time.
As his pal Bubba enters the room, Hulk declares: “Dude, the only thing I will ever ask of you … I don’t know how you will pull this off … is, if I am ever on my death bed, you cannot let Linda come and visit me.”
PHOTOS: The Most Hated Celebrity Couples
Perhaps as a reflection of their views on marriage, Bubba and wife Heather — with whom Hulk filmed a covert sex tape — respond by giving him a thank you card for attending their wedding.
Linda had yet to file for divorce at the time the audio recording was made, but it’s clear from Hulk’s comments that their marriage was over!
Hulk goes on to bring up his residence in Las Vegas, which he had bought for $4.25 million and watched grow in value to $5 million.
“If I get divorced, Linda will make me sell it,” he laments on the tape.
But he had a plan — and it involved SoBe Entertainment mogul Cecile Barker, the same man he slammed as a “black billionaire” and ‘N’ word elsewhere on the tape.
PHOTOS: Faking It For The Cameras? The 15 Most Shocking Divorces Of Reality Television Couples
“F**k it,” Hulk can be heard saying. “Cecile will buy it and give it back to me after the divorce!”
Clearly unbothered by the idea of asking for a favor from a man he would defame with hate speech, Hulk was equally unperturbed when his friend Bubba unleashed racist slurs of his own.
Handing the wrestler a surprise gift, a pair of inscribed “Hulk Hogan” Oakley sunglasses, Bubba can be heard on the tape saying: “Who’s your n***a? I have something for you. Who’s your n***a?”
PHOTOS: Lame! 40 Most Memorable Celebrity Excuses
When Radar and The ENQUIRER first exposed Hulk’s racist rants, he was quick to issue an apology.
“Eight years ago, I used offensive language during a conversation,” he declared. “It was unacceptable for me to have used that offensive language; there is no excuse for it; and I apologize for having done it.”
“This is not who I am,” Hulk added. “I believe very strongly that every person in the world is important, and should not be treated differently based on race, gender, orientation, religious beliefs or otherwise. I am disappointed with myself that I used language that is offensive and inconsistent with my own beliefs.”
PHOTOS: Cheating, Gay Lovers, Incest, Drugs & Lip Synching! 50 Of Hollywood’s Juiciest Confessions
Ironically, Hulk previously spoke out against homophobia when he was accused by ex-wife Linda of having his own gay affair with fellow wrestler Brutus Beefcake.
“It’s tough because a lot of my friends in normal life, a lot of my friends in the entertainment business, and a lot of my friends in the wrestling business are gay,” he said in 2012.
“If it was true and I was gay, I’d embrace it, and I’d tell you guys about it, and I’d celebrate it.”
He later sued Linda for defamation over those claims and others, but the case was ultimately dismissed.
Story developing. /n