 It’s Kanye! Trans Model Amanda Lepore Insists She Hooked Up With West — Claims Source.../n
Transsexual club queen Amanda Lapore unleashed a raunchy tell-all titled Doll Parts in which she claims she had a NSFW sexcapade encounter she had with a mystery rapper, and now RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal that the rapper in question is indeed Kanye West.
Although a rep for West denies that the rapper in question is Yeezy, a source super close to Lapore exposes Kanye as the famous lyricist mentioned in the book, claiming the two engaged in an XXX oral sex session in the hotel locker room of a San Francisco gym. What’s more, Radar has also exclusively obtained a excerpt from Lapore’s hard-core memoir in which she dishes all the dirty deets inside her extremely erotic affair with Yeezy.
On page 179 of her book, the trans star recalls she was on the treadmill when a “good-looking black guy walked in.”
PHOTOS: Mad Kanye West Steps Out In NYC After Ditching Kim Again
“I didn’t get a good look, but he seemed familiar and I could tell he was looking at me,” she writes, adding “I assumed he’d seen me on The Insider, but I was focusing on getting to four hundred calories, so I didn’t pay him much attention.”
Lepore continues, “He came up to me and said hi, and I said hi back, then he started trying to talk me up, and asked if I wanted to go up to his room. I said, ‘Well I have to burn these 400 calories before I get off,’ and kept on climbing.”
But Yeezy wouldn’t back down, Lepore claims. “‘I got a girl up in my room but I can get rid of her if you want to come up,'” the rapper enticed.
After giving it a second thought, Lepore decided to go for it. She writes, “It occurred to me that if this guy was so confident, he might have a really big d**k, which was exactly what I needed to move on from the ex-boyfriend. So I told him to hold on a minute.”
PHOTOS: Kim Kardashian And Kanye West Attend Super Bowl Party Together Amid Divorce Rumors
After wrapping up her workout, one thing led to another, and things got naughty. “I finished my workout, then I walked into the gym’s cleaning room, and he followed me in. I took out his c**k and got on my knees.” She remembers, “While I was sucking his d**k, he kept saying to me, ‘Do you know whose dick you’re sucking?’ I didn’t know how to answer that because I really didn’t, but I was smart enough to realize I was supposed to. But then I looked up at him and noticed his chin was a little weird, and I knew I’d seen him before, and then I realized that yes, I did know whose d**k I was sucking. He was a very famous rapper, they were playing his new song in the clubs constantly.”
After the dirty deed was done, Lepore claims Kanye vanished, and was only reminded of the rapper again when he went on to marry Kim Kardashian because the two share am almost identical physique. “I never saw him again after that, but when he got married I couldn’t help but think that his wife had a similar body type to me.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n