Best Obit Ever!! Michael Blanchard 'Loved Booze, Women, Cars'/n
By Radar Staff
For what is probably the first time ever, an obituary has gone viral.
Michael Blanchard wasn’t the most popular guy when he died nearly a year ago, but when his sons just recently planned a memorial and published an obit in The Denver Post, everybody suddenly loved him.
Flathead, as he was known, wrote a rough draft of the obit himself, and it has become an instant classic.
PHOTOS: Charlie Sheen’s Porn Star Girlfriends
He died because he was stubborn, refused to follow doctors’ orders and was a hell-raiser, the obit said.
The memorial was held Saturday and was standing room only.
PHOTOS: Celebs Who Died Young
His full obituary in The Denver Post, tells you why:
“A Celebration of the life of Michael “Flathead” Blanchard will be held on April 14, 3 p.m. 8160 Rosemary St, Commerce City. Weary of reading obituaries noting someone’s courageous battle with death, Mike wanted it known that he died as a result of being stubborn, refusing to follow doctors’ orders and raising hell for more than six decades. He enjoyed booze, guns, cars and younger women until the day he died.
“Mike was born July 1944 in Colorado to Clyde and Ethel Blanchard. A community activist, he is noted for saving the Dr. Justina Ford house from demolition and defending those who could not defend themselves. He was a Republican delegate, life member of the NRA, founder and President of the Dead Cats MC. He loved music.
PHOTOS: A-Listers Before They Were Stars
“Mike was preceded in death by Clyde and Ethel Blanchard, survived by his beloved sons Mike and Chopper, former wife Jane Transue, brother Stephen Blanchard (Susan), Uncle Don and Aunt Cynthia Blanchard(his favorite); Uncle Dill and Aunt Dot, cousins and nephews, Baba Yaga can kiss his butt. So many of his childhood friends that weren’t killed in Vietnam went on to become criminals, prostitutes and/or Democrats. He asks that you stop by and re-tell the stories he can no longer tell. As the Celebration will contain Adult material we respectfully ask that no children under 18 attend.”
RELATED STORIES:
PHOTOS: Celebrities Found Dead In Famous Hotels
PHOTOS: Stars Who Died In Bizarre Ways 
PHOTOS: Kristen Callavari, Hot In A Black Bikini
PHOTOS: Ladies Of  The Moonlight Bunny Ranch /n