Golden Globes a Coming-out Party for Awards Newbies/nBY DAVID GERMAIN, THE ASSOCIATED PRESS LOS ANGELES -- Hollywood has a term for the celebrity hoopla  that precedes its big parties, such as the Academy Awards and  Golden Globes. On the red carpet heading in, it's known as   "arrivals. "  Monday's 63rd annual Globes usher in an awards season heavy on  stars new to the game, young actors in breakout roles and veterans  who have finally arrived.  Sure, the lineup includes plenty of perennials such as past  Oscar winners or nominees Russell Crowe, Gwyneth Paltrow, Shirley  MacLaine, Charlize Theron, Johnny Depp, Frances McDormand, Judi  Dench and Laura Linney.  But among the front-runners are dual-nominee Felicity Huffman,  respected character actor Philip Seymour Hoffman and rising star  Heath Ledger. Other old hands and fresh faces catching their first  serious awards attention include Ziyi Zhang, Keira Knightley,  Terrence Howard, David Strathairn, Matt Dillon, Cillian Murphy,  Rachel Weisz and Michelle Williams.  It's even turned out to be a breakout year of sorts for an actor  as big as George Clooney, a past Globe winner for  "O Brother,  Where Art Thou? " and a three-time TV nominee for  "ER. " Along with a supporting-actor nomination for the oil-industry  thriller  "Syriana, " Clooney earned a best-director nomination for  his Edward R. Murrow tale  "Good Night, and Good Luck, " competing  alongside such veteran filmmakers as Steven Spielberg ( "Munich "),  Woody Allen ( "Match Point "), Peter Jackson ( "King Kong ") and  Ang Lee ( "Brokeback Mountain ").  For Clooney, who previously directed  "Confessions of a  Dangerous Mind, " the move into directing is a means to extend his  longevity in Hollywood.   "You only get a certain amount of time ... in front of the  camera before people go, `Enough, "' Clooney said.  "So you want to  get to the point where you can write and direct and produce so you  can still remain productive when people get sick of seeing you.   "I've done two films and had to act in both to the get the  financing. The next time, I sure would like to not be in it. It is  the only part of directing I don't really like, to direct myself. "  Along with  "Good Night, and Good Luck, " Globe nominees for  best drama are  "Brokeback Mountain, "  "The Constant Gardener, "   "A History of Violence " and  "Match Point. " Nominated for best  movie musical or comedy are  "Mrs. Henderson Presents, "  "Pride &  Prejudice, "  "The Producers, "  "The Squid and the Whale " and   "Walk the Line. "  The Globes also may signal the arrival of more tolerant times  toward gay-themed films. The cowboy romance  "Brokeback Mountain, "  starring Ledger and Jake Gyllenhaal as sheepherders who share a  summer of love then conceal an ongoing affair from their wives,  leads the field with seven nominations and has emerged as a  potential best-picture favorite both for the Globes and the Oscars,  whose nominations come out Jan. 31.  The affair in  "Brokeback Mountain " begins in the 1960s, a time  when society would more likely frown on a gay romance, especially  between modern cowboys expected to be rugged, manly and straight.   "I think it's easier today, even though it still can be  impossible in some places, " director Lee said.  "I think we're  moving toward a more open-minded world, more tolerant. But still,  it can be difficult. "  Ledger, nominated for best actor in a drama, proved he was far  more than just a hunky young leading man with a powerful  performance as a man torn between the machismo society expects of  him and the longings of his heart. Williams, up for supporting  actress as Ledger's wife, showed striking depth as an anguished  woman who chooses to ignore her husband's forbidden love to hold  her family together.  Along with Ledger, Hoffman is considered a front-runner for best  dramatic actor for his remarkable embodiment of Truman Capote, the  gay raconteur whose gradual emotional deterioration is chronicled  in  "Capote, " the story of the author's obsessive exertions to  research and write the true-crime novel  "In Cold Blood. "  Huffman, an Emmy winner for  "Desperate Housewives, " could come  away with two Golden Globes. She is nominated for best actress in a  TV comedy or musical, along with  "Desperate Housewives " co-stars  Marcia Cross, Teri Hatcher and Eva Longoria, and Huffman also is up  for best actress in a film drama for  "Transamerica, " in which she  plays a man preparing for surgery to become a woman.  It was the first time Huffman had ever been offered a lead role  or even a significant part in a film, after years of toiling as a  respected stage and television actress.  Did it bother Huffman that she was considered someone who could  credibly pose as a man?   "I've been asked that question before, and to tell you the  truth, it does nothing. I go, `Great, "' Huffman said.  "I've never  been a beauty. It's not my thing. I mean, my face is fine, you  know? So I really didn't have anything to lose or to risk, and I  sort of know what I look like, and yeah, I think I can look very  androgynous. "  The Globes are known as a loose, relaxed awards show compared to  the staid Oscars, a place where stars can cut loose a bit, have fun  and realize that win or lose, life goes on.   "The truth is, I'm pretty levelheaded about stuff, " Clooney  said.  "I won a Golden Globe once. It's an amazingly fun night, you  get drunk, everybody calls you, you get flowers. A couple of days  later, it sits on a shelf and you go back to work./n