Deadliest Catch Cast Member Jake Harris In ICU After Being Robbed, Beaten, & Thrown From A Car — And His Brother Josh Is Sharing Photos Of The Suspects/n

This is absolutely terrible.
On Saturday, Deadliest Catch cast member Jake Harris (pictured above, left) was allegedly robbed, beaten, and thrown from a moving vehicle in Washington.
Police officer Aaron Snell told PEOPLE he had gotten in a car with a few people at the Quill Ceda Creek Casino. However, the Everett officer revealed a fight then broke out inside the vehicle.
Related: Lindsay Lohan Connected To Bizarre Battery Case
Authorities say the other people in the car robbed and beat Jake before pulling over to the side of the highway and kicking him out of the car.
When the police arrived, Aaron said the Discovery alum "was alert, conscious, answering questions and breathing," but refused to go to the hospital.
But, once the cops brought Mr. Harris home, his loved ones ended up taking him to the hospital after all, where he was placed in the Intensive Care Unit.
And, on Tuesday, TMZ reported the reality star was STILL recovering in the ICU.
Terrifying.
On Sunday, his brother, Josh Harris (pictured above, right), took to Facebook Live to share a video about his sibling's scary situation. The Cornelia Marie captain detailed his little brother's horrifying experience, saying:

"My brother was jumped last night and some individuals decided to beat him pretty good, which is a terrible, terrible thing. I have located these people and talked with him — he's in ICU right now. Some individuals beat him to the point where it cracked his skull from his forehead all the way back to where you would be balding as an individual. … My brother is bleeding out of his brain currently."
In the clip, Josh also claimed to have found the two suspects, identifying them as Spokane couple Amanda Ritter-Crandall and Jorel Fultz.
He even flashed their Facebook photos during the video, adding that the authorities are also looking for other accomplices. In a new video posted on Tuesday, he added that Jake confirmed to him the people in those pictures were two of his attackers.
You can watch both of Josh's videos (below):


We're wishing Jake a speedy recovery.
[Image via Deadliest Catch F/V Cornelia Marie/Facebook.]
/n