 DeMario Jackson Shuts Down 'Bachelor In Paradise' Sexual Assault Claims: 'I'm All Good'.../n
DeMario Jackson made a shocking confession abut his wild night with Corrine Olympios on Bachelor in Paradise — the incident that got the whole show shut down after allegations of a sexual assault — in an exclusive video shot by RadarOnline.com.
Jackson was caught back in Los Angeles after filming of the ABC reality show was abruptly canceled following a drunken incident with Olympios, and he opened up to Radar about his character being attacked in the aftermath of the sex assault accusations.
“Are people really unfairly maligning you,” Radar asked Jackson, who responded “Nah.”
PHOTOS: So Happy Together! Britt Nilsson & Brady Toops Show Off Romance On Social Media –– ‘The Bachelorette’ Stars Rebound In 6 Photos
According to multiple accounts of the evening, “DeMario was in the pool,” Entertainment Tonight reported.
The site went on to report: “Next thing you know, Corinne comes over and hops on his lap. They start talking and joking.”
Many cast members told Radar that they believe the incident was blown out of proportion.
PHOTOS: The Hottest Stars Of The Bachelor And Bachelorretes
Jackson was asked if he was upset that Olympios was claiming she didn’t give him consent, and he replied: “No, I’m all good.”
Questions about Olympios’ ability to consent were hammered at Jackson, who said “I can’t say anything about that.”
While the ditched cast member of Rachel Lindsay‘s season stayed mostly silent on the questions, he did say “No, sir, I am not,” when asked if he was worried he was being portrayed as a “predator,” after the incident.
PHOTOS: Alleged ABC’s “The Bachelorette” Home Chosen in Charlotte, NC
Jackson told Radar that there was only one person who would get him to tell the full story — “My mom,” he said while laughing.
A source previously told Radar that the cast is rallying around Jackson.
“DeMario has been described as a good guy, producers and execs like him,” a source claimed to Radar. “He knows what he signed up for and has been cooperative with producers. Everyone feels bad for him.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n