Happy Birthday, Kourtney Kardashian!/n
What’s cooler than the editors of Celebuzz wishing Kourtney Kardashian a happy 34th birthday? How about hundreds of fans with messages for the birthday girl?!
Last week, we asked you to send us a birthday message for Kourtney. We received hundreds of submissions ranging from simple shout-outs to poems to original artwork. Kourtney, you have amazing fans!
We’ve compiled some of your messages for this special birthday post. Read through a selection below, and then leave your own birthday message in the comments.

“Happy Birthday Kourtney. Hope you have a beautiful day with your wonderful family and children.” – Janessa
“Wishing you a blessed birthday, may all your dreams come true on this special day and god bless you with many more.  Have a wonderful day.” – Carmen
“Happy birthday, Kourtney! I love you so much. You’re my inspiration! Big Kisses from Belgium! I hope to see you here soon. <3″ – Safae
“Happy Birthday Kourt! I love you so deeply much and wish you and you’re family all the happiness and love in the world! You are so beautiful inside and out! Love you soooo much xo ” – XMargaridaX

“many many happy returns of the day kourtney, i hope this year brings you happiness and success through out the year, i am a huge fan of you , i like you style and everthing you do. you are ,my inspiration, i cant wait to watch KUWK.i hope you read this message.love you :)” – Tenzin
“happy b-day kourtney! LUV U! U r a hardworking mom and u do an awesome job! and hopefuly ur kids grow up to be just like u even tho mason looks more like lord disick! wish u happy b-day may all ur wishis com tru! fllow me on twitter @helenvictoria20 luv u bunches! ;) <3″ – Helen
“Happy Birthday Kourt! We love you sooo much! We hope that yourself, Khlo and Kiki will come and takeover London! Please open a Dash in London!” – Fauzia
“Happy Birthday Beautiful, hope you have a DASHULOUS Day!” – Suzanna
“Happy Birthday Kourtney! Hope you have a fan-ta-bu-lous day today, and hope you get spoil by your family but especially from Scott and your beautiful kids. Love yah Doll” – Leina

“Happy Birthday Doll, may all your wishes come true. Love and Best Shoes- The Kardashian Way, XO Camille” – Camille
“You are my favorite of the Kardashians because you seem so motherly and caring to your sisters, Mason, and Scott.You act like your always calm, cool and collected. So I will wish you a Happy Birthday and and many more!!!” – Christine
“Happy Birthday Courtney! I know you’ll probably get a million of these from people all over the world that love you, however, I’m gonna take the chance that you’ll see mine and for just one spark of a moment know that you truly are a special woman.  <3″ – Cheyenne
“All the dolls from Romania wishes you HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!may all your life be as the sun on the sky!love you,superdoll:*” – Raluca

“Kourtney you are such an inspiration in my life! I aspire to someday be such an independent and successful woman. You have such an AMAZING style and it’s always on trend! I always do my best with what I have to look exactly like you! Happy Birthday! Greetings from Mexico!” – Daniela
“HI KOURT-TO RICO HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY FAVOURITE KARDASHIAN OF ALL TIME. YOU CANT POSSIBLY TURN 34 ( BECAUSE YOU LOOK TOO GORG FOR 34) BUT AGE DONT CARE ,  I WISH YOU NOTHING BUT MORE GOOD GOOFY WITTY TIMES WITH YOUR FAMILY. YOU ARE TRULY BLESSED WITH SUCHA BEAUTIFUL FAMILY AND KEEP THOSE KIDS COMING WE NEED MORE LD DESCENDANTS ;) HAPPY 34th TO YOU AGAIN KOURT! THE ONE AND ONLY SUPER GORG MOM OH YEAHHH OH YEAHH” – Fee
“Dear Kourtney, I would like to wish you a very happy 34th birthday. You are a lovely person inside and out. You are a great mother and a great sister. I hope the year ahead brings you lots of cheer. God bless! Love Joy xoxo” – Joy

“Hello beautiful! You have now lived in this big world for 34 years. You’ve achieved so much. All of your dreams have now come true. At least i hope so. If not, now it’s time. You’re an idol to me and an idol to many other. I love you so much. Have a best day of your life. Happy birthday LOVE <3 xoxo - Fan from Finland ;)” – Carolyn
“if kisses were rain id send u showers,
if fun was time id send u hrs,
if u needed a friend id send u me! May Everything Happy
And Everything Bright
Be Yours On Your Birthday
From Morning Till Night.
And Then Through The Year
May The Same Thing Hold True
So That Each Day Is Filled” – Bariyaa

“Felix Cumpleanos mujer linda.  Hope all your dream and wished continue to come true along side your family.  You are my fav!” – Lucia
“Wishing you a lovely, happy, fun and exciting birthday. As you once said (and I completely agree) – you just get more prettier by the years!  P.S. My birthday is on April 16th – love being Aries sign :) With love – Sigita (from Latvia)” – Sigita
“Happy Birthday beautiful. May you birthday be one you will never forget. I turn 43 on Friday April 19th. We share the sign Aries. I am addicted to all things Kardashian. Thank you all for letting the world see into your most intimate and personal moments. Angel with an A xoxoxoxo” – Angela
“Happy b-day to the most gorgeous mommy! Hope you have an amazing day with your family & friends. Thanks for being my inspiration in soo many ways! You showed me that no matter what my size or height is I’m still beautiful in my own especial way! I hope one day I can become as amazing as you are! I love you veeery much :* <3 happy birthday!!!xoxo” – Ariana

Several readers also sent in photos and fan art for the occasion!

A huge THANK YOU to everyone who submitted a birthday message! We wish we could share them all, but there were just so many!
Remember, you can add your own birthday message for Kourtney by leaving a comment!
/n