farm would kill it. 3. Elsa and Anna, Frozen "Let It Go" rendition scene, hellooooo!! Something tells us both Jen and Amy have some great pipes. 4. Hallie Parker and Annie James, The Parent Trap So get this: Jen and Amy are sisters.../n
By now you've all processed the movie news heard 'round the world: Amy Schumer and Jennifer Lawrence are writing a screenplay together. And even better, they're going to play sisters. It's basically the best thing to happen to onscreen sisters since Tina Fey and Amy Poehler.While we do know that this is going to be the most amazing flick of all time, we don't really anything else about the project. Which means it's brainstorm time! We're always down to stick our nose in other people's movies and suggest our own ideas, so obviously we're not going to hold back this time around. We decided to pull inspiration from some of our favorite movie sisters of flicks past. Because imitation is the sincerest form of flattery after all.Now clearly Amy and JLawr aren't going to just rip off the Sanderson Sisters or anything, but they can pull a little somethin'-somethin' from each of these sibling sets. Not that we would be mad if they just made a movie that was two hours of recreating Hocus Pocus.

1. The Owens Sisters, Practical Magic

Just what every romantic comedy needs: A love potion! Or, what's more likely, an anti-love potion to ward off all of Amy and Jennifer's many suitors.2. The March Sisters, Little Women

Okay so no one should die of scarlet fever, but how fun would it be if one of them had the hots for a handsome German professor? Or obviously a final scene at an apple picking farm would kill it.3. Elsa and Anna, Frozen

"Let It Go" rendition scene, hellooooo!! Something tells us both Jen and Amy have some great pipes.4. Hallie Parker and Annie James, The Parent Trap

So get this: Jen and Amy are sisters and camp counselors. They encounter a boisterous group of summer campers who delight in playing epic pranks and late-night skinny-dipping, forcing Amy and Jen to lay down the law. But not before they have a bit of youthful fun themselves. The taglines write themselves. (Also, Lindsay Lohan cameo. Enough said.)5. The Sanderson Sisters, Hocus Pocus

As long as they can find a way to work these wigs and fake teeth into the plot, we're happy. "Come little children, I'll take thee away..."6. Jane and Tess, 27 Dresses

One of the ladies definitely needs to sabotage the other's wedding with a scandalous slideshow of incriminating picture. And for a bonus, the pictures could be from their real lives.7. Dottie and Kit, A League of Their Own

Amy and JLawr play professional baseball. Boom. Done.8. Kat and Bianca, 10 Things I Hate About You

Their dad is a gynecologist, one of them gets drunk at a high school party, and Joseph Gordon Levitt is just there for no particular reason. (But does he need a reason?).9. Tibby, Lena, Carmen and Bridget, The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants

So these girls aren't real sisters but whatever, Jen and Amy should totally share pants the whole movie. And also, maybe there's a hot Greek guy.10. Maura and Jane, Sisters

Amy and JLawr throw an insane party and start the most epic dance circle of all time.
/n