Christina Grimmie’s Team Shares Good News About New Music Following Grammys ‘In Memoriam’ Omission/n





                    iHeartRadio Music Festival's Tribute to Christina Grimmie
                







This is beautiful

 MORE >>





Christina Grimmie’s fans were not pleased when the deceased singer was not honored in the Grammy Awards’ “In Memoriam” segment on Sunday (Feb. 12, 2017).

Though other Hollywood greats like Carrie Fisher and David Bowie were remembered during John Legend and Cynthia Erivo’s performance of “God Only Knows,” Grimmie, who was fatally shot by a fan in June 2015, was not at all mentioned. Her angered supporters spoke up about their discontent on Twitter during the broadcast, wondering why the show didn’t offer her the same respect.


Hey, remember when Christina Grimmie was murdered outside of her show? Cause apparently no memoriams do. #GRAMMYs #RIP
— monroe scott (@MonroeGScott) February 13, 2017



Christina Grimmie should have been a part of the In Memoriam tribute. #GRAMMYs
— Alex Goldschmidt (@alexandergold) February 13, 2017



#GRAMMYs said they wanted to protect the music industry but didn't include Christina Grimmie, someone who was fatally hurt in the industry??
— juuzou (@Sawdah26) February 13, 2017

Billboard notes that her name was, in the very least, included in a longer “In Memoriam” post on the Grammys website.


2017 Grammy Awards: The Red Carpet Arrivals








































28 Photos »


Despite oversight in the broadcast, Grimmie’s camp released some positive news about the singer’s posthumous single “Invisible” on Twitter on Monday, Feb. 13, 2017.
“As an independent artist, Christina dreamed of a major record label distributing her music. That dream has COME TRUE for our dear angel,” the announcement said. “Universal Music Group, the world’s largest music company, will be releasing Christina’s new music under Republic Records. Because of this HUGE opportunity, Invisible’s 2/14 release date will be moved up a few days to 2/17 for #NewMusicFriday – when record labels release new music.”


Here's the full announcement about the INVISIBLE release! #TeamGrimmie #CGforever #newmusicfriday #iwontbeinvisible pic.twitter.com/O8xR3uBMku
— Christina Grimmie (@TheRealGrimmie) February 13, 2017

Watch the teaser for “Invisible” in the player below.

/n