Fall Movies 2015: 24 Movies to See in October/n





                    Fall Movies 2015: 16 Movies to See This September
                







Summer may be over, but not all is lost. 

 MORE >>





October is ushering in quite the array of America biographical dramas (from Steve Jobs and Laurel Hester to Dan Rather and Stanley Milgram), a space odyssey on Mars, a handful of horror films just in time for Halloween, and a comedy here and there for good measure.

Here are the best 24 movies to see this October:
Matt Damon stars as a martian. JK. Matt Damon is an astronaut who gets left behind on Mars, and must fight to survive on the hostile planet. The Martian (Oct. 2) is directed by Sir Ridley Scott and based off the sci-fi novel of the same name by Andy Weir. In spite of Damon’s recent media blunders, this film has a beautiful cinematography (it’s Mars!!) and score, and even a real-life astronaut sung its praises.





In Sicario (Oct. 2), Emily Blunt is an FBI agent who joins a task force on the war on drugs, along with Josh Brolin and Benicio Del Toro. which Wired calls “the True Detective season two we deserved.”





Freeheld (Oct. 2) is the true story of Laurel Hester (Julianne Moore), a New Jersey detective diagnosed with terminal cancer. When she is denied the right to leave her pension benefits to her partner Stacie Andree (Ellen Page), she and a group of activists made up of fellow police officers and local citizens to fight for equality.





At the age of 15, Malala Yousafzai was shot in the head by the Taliban for speaking out in support of girls’ education rights. She’s since become the youngest-ever Nobel Peace Laureate and an advocate for children’s rights. He Named Me Malala (Oct. 2) is the documentary about the events leading up to the attack.





Yet another biographical film about Steve Jobs, this one (simply entitled Steve Jobs, Oct 9.) stars Michael Fassbender as the Mac genius. Also starring the magnetic Kate Winslet as Joanna Hoffman and Seth Rogan as Steve Wozniak, Steve Jobs, directed by Danny Boyle, has been highly anticipated since its announcement. Before Fassbender nabbed the title role, actors like Leonardo DiCaprio, Christian Bale (with original director David Fincher), Damon, Ben Affleck, and Bradley Cooper were in consideration.





Pan (Oct. 9) is the origin story of J.M. Barrie’s beloved character Peter Pan, the orphan boy who’s sent to Neverland and can never grow up. Levi Miller stars as Peter, with Rooney Mara as Tiger Lily, Garrett Hedlund as James Hook, Hugh Jackman as Blackbeard, and more.





Victoria (Oct. 9) is sure to be doozy. Put simply, “This film is not a movie; it’s not about a bank robbery. It IS bank robbery. Victoria was shot in one single take. Two hours and eighteen minutes. No cuts. No CGI. No cheap tricks. No expensive ones, either. Just one shot.” Sounds like it’s got nothing on Birdman.





Goosebumps (Oct. 16) is back, and in 3D, starring Jack Black as the children’s book author R.L. Stine. In addition, a sequel is already in the works.





Watching the trailer for Crimson Peak (Oct. 16), one isn’t sure whether to laugh or cry. Some things are just scary funny, but like his past projects, Guillermo Del Toro’s latest horror romance film is no joke. Starring Tom Hiddleston, Mia Wasikowski, Jessica Chastain, and Charlie Hunnam.





The lovable Tom Hanks stars in Steven Spielberg’s latest flick, Bridge of Spies (Oct. 16), the latter’s first film since 2012’s Lincoln. This historical biographical drama thriller is about an American lawyer recruited by the CIA during the Cold War, in order to negotiate the release of a captured U-2 spy plane pilot.





Olivia Wilde and Luke Wilson are parents unhinged in Meadowland (Oct. 16) as they suffer through coping perhaps one of the greatest tragedies: the loss of a child. Also starring Giovanni Ribisi, Elisabeth Moss, Juno Temple, Merritt Wever.





Room (Oct. 16), based off the 2010 best-selling novel by Emma Donoghue, stars the incredible Brie Larson as a woman held captive with her five-year-old son in, you guessed it, a small garden shed for half a decade. Room won the People’s Choice Award at the 2015 Toronto International Film Festival, and is sure to be a hunting and powerful film.





Beasts of No Nation (Oct. 16), directed by the most beautiful man alive Cary Fukunaga, is actually a Netflix original film (acquired for $12 million) starring the most handsome lead actor ever, Idris Elba. A West African war drama, Fukunaga and Elba told Variety that they almost died during shooting in the depths of the Ghana jungles.





Experimenter (Oct. 16) tells the true story about social psychologist Stanley Milgram’s (Peter Sarsgaard) infamous psychological experiment about authority and obedience, in which people will continue to deliver electric shocks to the stranger in the next room because an authority figure commands them to, instead of defying their orders.





Truth (Oct. 16) details Dan Rather (Robert Redford) and Mary Mapes’ (Cate Blanchett) 2004 60 Minutes investigative report that alleged President Bush, running for reelection at the time, was given preferential treatment in order to avoid fighting in the Vietnam War. The authenticity of the documents could never be verified, and in the wake of the scandal, known as the Killian documents controversy or Rathergate or Memogate, Mapes and three other producers were fired from CBS, and Rather retired shortly thereafter. Truth is based off of Mapes’ 2005 book, Truth and Duty: The Press, the President, and the Privilege of Power.





Bill Murray is a music manager in Rock the Kasbah (Oct. 23), who discovers a young Afghan girl in Kabul and managers her career starting with Afghanistan’s version of American Idol.





Jem and the Holograms (Oct. 23) brings to life the ’80s animated TV series of the same name, and is less disappointing than it sounds only because of the fact that Juliette Lewis is co-starring in it.





There’s, inexplicably, yet another Paranormal Activity (Oct. 23) movie, and this one is called The Ghost Dimension. It will come in 3D. That is all.





Suffragette (Oct. 23) brings together Helena Bonham Carter, Carey Mulligan, and Meryl Streep as foot soldiers of the early feminist movement. SOLD ALREADY. But anyways, the film takes place during the British women’s suffrage movement of the late 19th and early 20th century, and it’s sure to be amazing.





Oh Bradley Cooper. Must you make us always swoon? This time around in Burnt (Oct. 23), he’s an intense, drug-addled, famous chef who’s easy on the eyes and in pursuit of three Michelin stars. Easy peasy. Co-starring is Sienna Miller, Omar Sy, Alicia Vikander, Uma Thurman, Emma Thompson, Lily James and more.





In I Smile Back (Oct. 23), Sarah Silverman’s comedic wiles are nowhere to be seen. Instead, she’s a reckless mother, seemingly on the brink of destroying her family one drug and infidelity at a time.





Sandra Bullock is back (as a blonde) in Our Brand is Crisis (Oct. 30), a film based on the 2005 documentary of the same name. The film is a fictionalized version of the events of the 2002 Bolivian presidential election, in which Gonzalo Sánchez de Lozada was elected President of Bolivia ahead of Evo Morales after using the American political campaign marketing tactics of the firm Greenberg Carville Shrum. Bullock plays ‘Calamity’ Jane Bodine, the retired political consultant hired by the fictional version of Lozada.





The Wonders (Oct. 30) takes place in the beautiful, enchanting, isolated countryside of central Italy. Things start to unravel for the overprotective bee-keeping father, when his 12-year-old daughter Gelsomina becomes more and more fascinated by the world around her, as he tries to keep her contained. Things are promulgated by the mysterious Milly Catena (Monica Belluci), who hosts a local televised celebration of ancient Etruscan culture.





The Walk (Sept. 30), starring the ever-adorable Joseph Gordon Levitt, is the story about high-wire artist Philippe Petit, who illegally walked the high-wire between the Twin Towers in New York City in 1974. Proceed with caution: as you can probably imagine, watching the twenty-minute tightrope scene in 3D, set over 1,000 feet above ground, has been inducing nausea in some moviegoers. Guess they really did succeed in evoking the feeling of vertigo.





/n