and take its place alongside last year's winner, Cheesy Garlic Bread. I remember when Cheesy Garlic Bread won. Things were still good at my house. Theresa and I loved each other. There was trust. I don't know what happened. I hones.../n
It's that time of year again. Time for my life to fall apart at the seams as my wife Theresa and I finally decide we can't hack it? Nope. Time to cast your vote for this year's new chip flavor in the Lay's 'Do Us a Flavor' Contest. God help me, I don't know what matters anymore.Thousands of entries were submitted but only these four flavors made the cut. Today, I'm going to try all four. Then I'm going to go home and tamp down my confusion and rage with booze.

Four great flavors for sure but only one can be declared champion and take its place alongside last year's winner, Cheesy Garlic Bread. I remember when Cheesy Garlic Bread won. Things were still good at my house. Theresa and I loved each other. There was trust. I don't know what happened. I honestly don't and I tear myself up every day trying to figure it out.Let's try some chips.FLAVOR ONE:




Pretty good. Crispy. Not too greasy. Sort of tastes like a sour cream and cheddar chip with a strong hint of smoky bacon flavor. My only complaint is that there isn't a stronger real mac n' cheese flavor.See what I did there Theresa? I had a complaint and I voiced it. I didn't let it sit inside, stewing until it turned into a tumor of resentment. I'm a healthy person that way, Theresa. I'll never know why you didn't figure that out. For us. You let out love die. You did that.FLAVOR TWO:




Cappuccino. Not bad. I'm honestly surprised. I didn't think I'd like this one. Kind of sweet. Good coffee notes. Slight creamy flavor. Not sure I could eat more than a few of these before getting sick of them though.You know what's funny? Marriage is like that too. I'm sorry; I hate to keep coming back to this. I know you just came here to read about chips but f**k it. This is what's going on. This is real life ***holes…I'm sorry. It's just been so hard lately. I wake up every day expecting to hear the kids. Ha. They haven't called in two weeks. The worst part is I basically gave up my career as a "real writer" to raise them while Theresa went through med school. I mean, I wrote an episode of The Big Bang Theory. I was on my way. Now I'm here. Jesus. What did I do to deserve this?FLAVOR THREE:




Let's just keep pushing through here. Mango Salsa. (Sigh) Ok. I mean, really? On a potato chip? F**k my life. Ok. Mango Salsa.Great. It's fine. It tastes like salsa. Wonderful.I cannot wait until I see Theresa's face in court when I show up on my new motorcycle. Yeah. That's right Theresa. I finally got that motorcycle you never wanted me to have. Not that I had a choice what with the car being gone. Doesn't matter. I cruise so hard on this thing. Wait until she sees me pull up to the courthouse. "Oh, this? It's my motorcycle, babe…What's that? You want me back? Yes. In a heartbeat. Yes. I would do anything including giving up this piece of s**t motorcycle."FLAVOR FOUR:




Tastes like wasabi. Nothing matters.Cappuccino wins.
/n