Bachelor NOT In Paradise! Amanda Stanton Reveals Josh Murray Doesn't Help Pay Rent/n
Amanda Stanton‘s whirlwind romance with fiancée Josh Murray may be over — and it could have to do with his freeloader ways!
Court papers exclusively obtained by RadarOnline.com reveal ‘Bachelor in Paradise’ star Murray didn’t help his then-fiancée with household expenses.
In court papers obtained from the Superior Court of California – County of Orange, Stanton fought back against her ex Nicholas Buonfiglio, who demanded a judge reduce his $2,000 monthly child support payments for their two daughters Kinsley, 4, and Charlie, 2.
READ THE SHOCKING COURT DOCUMENTS!
Buonfiglio insisted her “lifestyle and income has dramatically changed” and that she makes “well over $20,000 to $30,000 per month.”
In Stanton’s response, she insisted her average monthly income is $6,864 and she alone pays $11,729 monthly in total household expenses despite having Murray, 32, listed in her household.
Although she claimed his monthly income is $10,000, she checked “no” when asked if he “pays some of the household expenses.”
Stanton claims to be footing the bill for their $3,900 monthly rent, $2,750 in child care, $500 in groceries and household expenses, $1000 on entertainment, gifts and vacations, and more.
PHOTOS: The 10 Most Eligible Royal Bachelorettes
When asked the amount of expenses paid by others, she wrote “zero.”
In the end, her ex’s child support was reduced to $530 a month.
Stanton and Murray’s relationship has been controversial from the start. After Murray’s ex-fiancée Andi Dorfman portrayed him as “controlling” and an “abuser” in her book It’s Not Okay, Stanton’s co-stars warned her to stay away from him on Bachelor in Paradise.
But she did the opposite, as she accepted his marriage proposal and allowed him to move into her Irvine, California apartment.
Stanton sparked breakup rumors on Friday when she tweeted, “Never mistake someone’s kindness for weakness.”
Murray then posted a video of his belongings in the backseat of his car, hinting that he moved out of their apartment. He also posted a photo holding Stanton’s daughter Kinsley with the caption, “I will always love this precious little angel.”
Multiple reports have confirmed the reality stars have split.
Do you think this contributed to the end of their relationship? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n