This Justin Bieber Tattoo Is Really… Something [UPDATE]/n





                    Justin Bieber Shows Off Huge New 'Son of God' Chest Tattoo
                







Another addition to his growing ink collection. 

 MORE >>










                    Justin Bieber Awkwardly Explains His Selena Gomez Tattoo
                







Nothing says regret quite like a tattoo of your ex.

 MORE >>





You could say Justin Bieber’s tattoo inspiration comes from something you’d see on a bumper sticker.

Though he’s only 23, the “Sorry” singer is already thinking about retirement. Like a man suffering from a mid-life crisis, Bieber ponders about old age as shares a picture of what he thinks is a “deep” motto inked on a leg.
As someone who already has a massive body art collection, Bieber posted a photo of the words “Better by 70″ tattooed above a left knee. He took to Instagram to explain the meaning behind the phrase in the captions.
“I look back at a lot of things in my life, mistakes, insecurities, and although I have felt I’ve wasted a lot of time it also makes me want to be better faster and longer!” Bieber wrote. “For me personally I want to work everyday to be BETTER AT 70.”
Though TMZ claimed Bieber had the words tattooed on his body to match his friend, Gossip Cop claims it’s a fake.



A post shared by Justin Bieber (@justinbieber) on Jun 15, 2017 at 8:31pm PDT



However, Bieber doesn’t seem to be working too hard. The Canadian crooner was recently pelted with trash at a concert when he refused to sing “Despacito” because he didn’t know the Spanish lyrics.
“I don’t blame him not knowing [the lyrics], and I think we have to give him a little bit of a pass because that’s not his main language,” his collaborator, Luis Fonsi, later told ABC News Radio. “We can’t expect the guy to just out of the blue get it perfectly.”
Maybe Biebs should take some Spanish classes by 70, too?


a guide to justin bieber's many, many tattoos








































15 Photos »


/n