Here’s What James Marsden Thinks of the ‘Westworld’ Season 1 Finale/n





                    ‘Westworld’ Creators Tease Other Parks
                







What can we expect on Season 2? 

 MORE >>










                    Evan Rachel Wood Dishes on 'Westworld' Season 1 Finale
                







Spoilers ahead!

 MORE >>





Like you, James Marsden was just as surprised about Westworld’s Season 1 finale.

According to the actor, who plays Teddy Flood the gunslinger with a heart of gold, he didn’t see the shocking twist ending pertaining to the “maze” that everyone was trying to solve throughout the season.
“I got the final script and was like ‘Whoa,’ but for a while we had to kind of keep our mouths shut,” he told Entertainment Tonight at the 2016 Critics’ Choice Awards, where co-star Evan Rachel Wood won the Best Actress in a Drama Series award for her portrayal of Teddy’s love interest, Dolores Abernathy.
“We never knew! The actors never really knew what the hell was going on,” he admitted, adding that “it would be pure speculation” if he were to reveal details about Season 2 at the moment. “We would get the scripts sometimes four or five days before we’d shoot the next episode, so we didn’t know the end game either.”


James Marsden looks dapper at the 2016 Critics' Choice Awards








































8 Photos »


As previously reported, Marsden’s castmate was just as shocked about the show’s jaw-dropping season finale, where Wood’s character, a robot in the Westworld theme park, gained consciousness and killed her creator, Dr. Ford (Anthony Hopkins), after it was revealed that she had murdered his old business partner.
“I threw the script down and walked away with my mouth open for a good hour. I just couldn’t believe it,” she told The Hollywood Reporter. “When I got to set the first time I saw Anthony after I read it, I walked up to him and said, ‘I am so sorry. I am so sorry I have to kill you!’ And he went, ‘No, no, no. It’s all right. It’s beautiful! It’s really beautiful!’ He forgave me. He saw the poetry in it.”
The second season of Westworld is said to return to HBO in 2018. For now, no official premiere date has been set.


celebrities attend the 2016 Critics' Choice Awards 








































71 Photos »


/n