Nina Dobrev May Return to ‘Vampire Diaries’ for Final Season/n





                    'Vampire Diaries' Star Ian Somerhalder Talks What's Next for Damon's Love Life
                







Who's his next love interest?

 MORE >>










                    Nina Dobrev Talks Leaving 'The Vampire Diaries' Cast
                







"It’s going to be so strange not to be with them."

 MORE >>





Nina Dobrev may be heading back to Mystic Falls for the eighth and final season of The CW’s The Vampire Diaries. According to network exec Mark Pedowitz, the actress is in talks to return for one last goodbye.

“We collectively came to the same place,” he said at the TCA Summer Press Tour about plans to end the series. “We backed Julie [Plec] in her decision … there are discussions going on with Nina, we’d love to have her back … These are discussions that go on, hopefully she’ll be back, but should it not work out, Julie has planned out a great series finale for fans.”
He added that Dobrev’s return may span over multiple episodes, saying that she’ll appear in “as many as Julie thinks she needs her for.”


'The Vampire Diaries' Elena's Many Brushes With Death








































7 Photos »


“I always like to have Nina. Who doesn’t like to have Nina on the show? She was a great person to have. She was a great spokesperson for The CW and for The Vampire Diaries. She made a career decision that, for her, was probably the right decision but we’d love to have her back,” he continued. “But again, if it cannot work out, Julie will take care to have a really satisfactory series finale.”
Dobrev left the show last year after six seasons.
In April, lead actor Ian Somerhalder revealed the show will end after Season 8 just days after actress Kat Graham announced her plans to leave the show after filming the upcoming season. The news of The Vampire Diaries’ final season was confirmed by The CW in July.


'The Vampire Diaries' 100th Episode Celebration








































26 Photos »


/n