Bella Hadid Wears a Bob (with Bangs!) and Gigi Hadid Channels the Olsen Sisters at the 2017 CFDA Awards
/n
Matt Baron/BEI/Shutterstock
Models of the moment Gigi and Bella Hadid have walked seemingly every runway and red carpet, from Victoria’s Secret and Chanel to the Met Gala and beyond. They’ve designed their own collections for Tommy Hilfiger and Chrome Hearts, respectively, and landed campaigns with some of the biggest industry names. Which is why it makes sense that they showed up to one of fashion’s most prestigious events of the year: the CFDA Awards.
Monday night, the two walked the carpet for the first time since their 2015 debuts at the event. And this time around, Bella went for a major statement. The model wore a hot pink, bell-sleeve, blazer-style dress designed by Off-White’s Virgil Abloh, which she appropriately paired with a blunt bob and bangs to add to her ’80s vibe.
The 20-year-old star referred to the designer as her “idol” while speaking to Brad Goreski on the carpet, adding, “It’s the coolest clothes I’ve ever seen in my life but it’s just street style elevated. And thankfully Anna [Wintour] loves it and Anna loves him, that’s why were here. And I’m so happy for him. I mean I’ll wear his stuff till I die.”
RELATED PHOTOS: Sister, Sister! Gigi and Bella Hadid’s Best Backstage Model Moments
Stephen Lovekin/WWD/REX/Shutterstock 
Meanwhile her sister Gigi channeled another set of sisters for the event, Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen, wearing an off-white floor-length dress and a matching coat from their collection, The Row. The star paired the look with a jeweled choker and shimmering silver Stuart Weitzman flats, and kept her makeup nude and simple — as the Olsen sisters tend to do — and her hair parted down the middle with effortless waves.
RELATED VIDEO: How It’s Done: Bella Hadid’s Sexy Cat Eye

Back on the red carpet live stream, Bella went on to speak about her love for her job and the industry, and her overall appreciation for fashion.
“Of course sometimes I wanna put a robe on but you know what? I love fashion so much, so to put amazing clothes on, that makes me so happy and I think that’s the whole point of fashion is to have fun and be excited about what you’re doing. Have new hairstyles, have new makeup looks, have new clothing. That’s just what dope about the industry we’re in and if we can’t appreciate it, then there’s nothing else we can do.”
What do you think of their CFDA ensembles? Sound off in the comments below!
/n