involved.  So does this, honestly.  Sure, she's crazy racist and awful, but she's so fun she can't possibly do any harm, right?  Harvey Fierstein is Edna Turnblad. Edna Turnblad is Harvey Fierstein. That's all.  This is w.../n
Good evening, Baltimore! Hairpsray Live has finally arrived, and with it comes our annual live musical live blog, filled with all the GIFs, the snark, and the pure joy we're likely to be able to squeeze out of tonight's three hour production. Starring Maddie Baillio, Jennifer Hudson, Ariana Grande, Harvey Fierstein, Martin Short, Kristin Chenoweth, Garrett Clayton, Dove Cameron, and Derek Hough, Hairspray Live is probably just about to blow our socks off. Hell, even Jennifer, Kristin, and Ariana's voices alone will most likely have us fanning ourselves. We'll be updating this post throughout the night with all the GIFs you'll ever need, so stay tuned and keep us bookmarked during the show. 

It's starting! 

Singing while lying down is HARD. Girl never had a chance to make it through that song without running out of breath, so we'll give her a pass on all the lyrics she didn't manage to sing. 

Best intro to a character on TV of 2016, yes or no? 

Derek Hough was MADE for this role.

Quality three-way split screening there, NBC. 

Dove Cameron is stealing this show, y'all! Somehow, she even stole a song she was sharing with Ariana Grande, which is not an easy task. 

HAIRSPRAY GOT IN ON THE MANNEQUIN CHALLENGE! Little late, but we forgive them. 

This Link is...not Zac Efron. But really, who is? 

CRABS! 

No sarcasm, snark, or lie: we have really missed Rosie O'Donnell's acting. Her role in Harriet the Spy was kinda life changing. 

Best detention ever? 

Imagine feeling comfortable enough with yourself to be able to say growl your own name with this much confidence. 

(Love you, Corny)

Seriously, imagine it. 

Still waiting for Penny's big moment, so Ariana can do more than talk to TV screens. 

This just looks painful for everyone involved. 

So does this, honestly. 

Sure, she's crazy racist and awful, but she's so fun she can't possibly do any harm, right? 

Harvey Fierstein is Edna Turnblad. Edna Turnblad is Harvey Fierstein. That's all. 

This is why dodgeball is banned in many schools these days. 

Creepiest line of the night award goes to...

This whole dance sequence was ***FIRE EMOJI***. 

Same, girl. 

Jennifer Hudson could not look more fabulous.

And she couldn't sound more fabulous, either. 

Legendary. As much as we didn't hate John Travolta and Christopher Walken in the 2007 movie, this is like a different world. 

Actual depiction of us, later this week, living in a mind prison of Hairspray songs. 

Actual depiction of Not Zac Efron blocking our escape from that Hairspray song prison. 

Ariana knows this is her time to shine, and she's even acting her eyebrows off. 

This got damn near uncomfortable in terms of the steaminess. 

 And this did not, but we're proud of them for trying. Not their fault they don't have chemistry! 

Officially not enough Billy Eichner up in this joint. 

We wish Jennifer Hudson would wrap us up into a hug and sing into our ears. :( 

We have nothing to say, really. 

This has been a really fun night, and a really fun show. 

This is just a silly gif of Derek Hough making a swift retreat. 

Best mother/daughter casting of 2016/ever. 

We just really love, Billy Eichner, OK? 

And with that beautiful duet between two vocal powerhouses, Hairspray Live is over. It was a magical night, filled with fantastic performances from seriously talented people, and we have no complaints. Or we have one complaint, but as we said—a man cannot be blamed for the fact that he is not Zac Efron.Anyway, this was NBC's best live musical so far, and also its most relevant. Thank you for being with us. Have a beautiful night! 

Feel free to head to the comments to share your own thoughts on the production, and in case you need it, we've also provided a handy guide to all of the songs from the show! 

Hairpsray Live airs tonight at 8 p.m. on NBC. (E! and NBC are both part of the NBC Universal family.) 
/n