Ellen DeGeneres Puts Johnny Depp in the Hot Seat Ellen DeGeneres put Johnny Depp in the hot seat Thursday. In his first television interview to promote Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales (in theaters May 26), the 53-year-old ac.../n
Ellen DeGeneres put Johnny Depp in the hot seat Thursday.In his first television interview to promote Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales (in theaters May 26), the 53-year-old actor was asked a series of rapid-fire questions. "There's no time on this," the daytime talk show host told her guest, "so I want you to really think about it."Here were the questions Ellen asked:• "What is your favorite part of your body? What do you like the best?"• "Do you like your ass? "• "What is your favorite swear word? "• "What is the strangest place you've hooked up with someone? "• "Who was your first celebrity crush? "• "Who is your favorite talk show host? "• "Out of all your co-stars, who's the best kisser? "Johnny gave typically eccentric answers, which both amused and annoyed Ellen. "I would ask you more," the comedian playfully told Johnny, "but you're not going to answer me honestly."

Johnny added, "I tried to up the stakes a little with some of the jokes."The actor said his favorite part of being involved in the franchise is visiting children's hospitals in character. "It's great fun because it's sort of like a three and a half hour improvisation. You go into the hospital, say hi to the kiddies—it's amazing," said Johnny, who visits "as much as I can.""Wherever I go, I bring Captain Jack in a box. You meet all these amazing kids who are dealing with very, very adult illnesses. You see some incredible courage in their faces. It's the parents who are just falling apart," he said. "I don't break character; I just try to do as much stupid stuff as I can to make them laugh." His supermodel daughter, Lily-Rose Depp, was hospitalized for a few weeks in 2007 when she was 7 years old. As the actor told Ellen, "I know what it feels like."
/n