Inside Ben Affleck Desperate Five-Point Plan To Salvage His Broken Marriage/n
RadarOnline.com has learned that Ben Affleck took great comfort and encouragement from a recent date night with Jennifer Garner in Santa Monica — and insiders reveal he’s now fully fleshed out a plan to win back her heart in five stages.
“Ben’s ‘non-separation’ from Jen is buying time so he can implement his ‘Win Back Jen’ plot,” a family friend told Radar of the couple, who battled it out after he was caught getting close to their children’s nanny.
The first part of his strategy was just “convincing her to go on a real date with him,” said the pal, noting their outing “was a huge coup and they had a wonderful evening.”
PHOTOS: Family Reunion — More Proof That Ben Affleck & Jen Garner Are Back Together
“They’ve stopped fighting and are in a great place where they’re communicating effectively,” added the source.
“Ben’s also getting huge brownie points for all the daddy time he’s giving the kids, despite the crazy hours he works,” said the friend of Affleck’s second major tactic of healing his family life with Garner and their children — Violet, 10, Seraphina, 7, and 4-year-old Samuel.
It turns out that Affleck’s third point of the plan is beneficial for both Garner and Affleck: “He’s also vowed to get into better shape than he was on his wedding day,” said the friend.
PHOTOS: Ben Leaves Jen! Affleck Flies To Europe & Ditches Garner With The Kids
As Radar reported, Garner, 44, was growing more and more turned off by her estranged husband’s growing girth after he took a break from his diet and fitness routine.
However, “The biggest trick up his sleeve is his plans to involve Jen in his movie making, even starring in a film together — something she’s always wanted, but he’s always refused,” revealed the insider.
But the fifth and final part of 44-year-old Affleck’s plan may be the hardest.
PHOTOS: Jennifer Garner Stays ‘West Virginia Strong’ Amid Affleck Divorce Drama
Said the friend, “He’s determined to win her back and is prepared to play a slow and steady game to make it happen.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n