Katy Perry Claims Taylor Swift Tried to “Assassinate” Her Character/n





                    Katy Perry Blasts Taylor Swift About Feud
                







"She started it, and it's time for her to finish it."

 MORE >>










                    Katy Perry Says She'll Make Music with Taylor Swift If She Apologizes
                







Is it too late now to say sorry?

 MORE >>





Though she’s ready to settle her longstanding feud with Taylor Swift, Katy Perry still has a few things to say about the infamous tête-à-tête.

Just weeks after opening up about the drama during her appearance on Carpool Karaoke with James Corden, the “Swish Swish” singer told NME she had to speak out about fight because she was tired of being portrayed as the bully in the media.
“No one has asked me about my side of the story, and there are three sides of every story: one, two, and the truth,” she explained. “I mean, I’m not Buddha — things irritate me. I wish that I could turn the other cheek every single time, but I’m also not a pushover, you know? Especially when someone tries to assassinate my character with little girls.”
Katy added, “That’s so messed up!”
The 32-year-old also revealed she has no bitter resentment for Max Martin, her longtime collaborator who worked with Taylor on the songstress’ diss track, “Bad Blood”.


Taylor Swift and Katy Perry: before the feud








































31 Photos »


“I can’t speak for [Max], but he didn’t know,” she said. “I’m not supposed to tell him what he can and can’t do. I’m very fair; I’m super-duper fair and I’m not one of those people who’s like, ‘You can’t do that because I don’t like that person’. Just, like, you do you, make your own choices… I’m not his mother.”
Previously, Katy claimed Tay “started” their feud by firing three backup dancers who wanted to leave her tour to join the Prismatic World Tour. “I tried to talk to her about it and she wouldn’t speak to me,” Katy reasoned. “It was a full shutdown and then she writes a song about me, and I’m like, OK, cool, cool, cool, that’s how you want to deal with it? Karma!”
“But what I want to say is that I’m ready for that BS to be done,” she said. “I think personally that women together, not divided, and none of this petty bullsh*t, women together will heal the world.”





/n