Exhausting Day! Teresa Takes Break From Filming After Joe's Lockup/n
Teresa Giudice has spent her day escorting her husband Joe to the Federal Correctional Institution in Fort Dix, NJ to turn himself in.
Between his lockup and the emotional drama of the sad goodbye, RadarOnline.com has learned that 43-year-old Real Housewives of New Jersey star will take a break from filming her hit reality show.
“Teresa won’t be filming this afternoon,” a source close Teresa told Radar.
PHOTOS: Worse Than The Giudices? Joe And Melissa Gorga’s 28 Darkest Secrets & Scandals Revealed
But her break won’t last long—as Radar previously reported, Teresa is expected to return to work in coming days and film scenes talking about her husband’s departure.
Sources have also confirmed to Radar that filming will continue with one of her costar’s hosting an event and even her sister-in-law Melissa Gorga‘s fashion show next week.
Multiple sources have told Radar that next week will mark the culmination of filming for the new season.
PHOTOS: Bikini Battle! The Hottest Housewives From Coast To Coast REVEALED In 8 Clicks – Bethenny Frankel, Joanna Krupa & More!
Ever since Teresa completed her 11-month sentence in December, she and her family have been hard at work capturing scenes leading up to Joe’s own imprisonment.
Joe is expected to remain behind bars for 41 months, serving time for fraud charges.
In the past few days, the couple has spent time saying goodbye to each other.
PHOTOS: On The Prowl! Joe Giudice Met Strip Club Vixen At This ‘Raunchy’ Go Go Bar — 10 Photos Of The Scene Inside
As Radar reported, on Monday night, their closest family and friends gathered to honor Joe at an intimate farewell party.
Prior to that, the couple escaped to Virginia for the weekend to spend their last romantic weekend together.
But in the end, nothing could prepare Teresa for the excruciating day of saying goodbye to her husband.
“It was obviously a very emotional day, but this is a strong family with a tremendous support system and they will get through this, just as they did when Teresa was away,” Teresa’s attorney and family friend James J. Leonard Jr. told Radar in a statement. /n