Kris 'Betrayed!' Jenner Accuses Daughter Kim Kardashian Of Backstabbing/n
“Betrayed!” “F*cked over!”
Kris Jenner ripped daughter Kim Kardashian for tossing her aside in favor of her ex, Caitlyn, on last night’s midseason premiere of Keeping Up With the Kardashians.
The trouble started when Caitlyn asked her onetime stepdaughter to help her get dressed for the upcoming ESPY Awards, where she was honored last year just weeks after her very public transition.
Of course, Kim immediately arrived at Caitlyn’s side, helping her choose a stunning white gown with diamond earrings.
PHOTOS: Caitlyn Jenner ESPYs Speech — Laughs, Cries & Snubs Kris As She Accepts Arthur Ashe Courage Award
Days later, Kris flipped when she learned her own flesh and blood had fraternized with the enemy.
“Kim, you are a f***ing traitor, that you would have the nerve to help Caitlyn,” Kris raged in a photo conversation with Kim, Khloe and Jonathan Cheban. “I don’t say anything to you until I feel abandoned. Right now, I’m feeling abandoned.”
“I’m going to stay neutral and not get involved,” a shocked Kim diplomatically responded.
“I want loyal!” a sobbing Kris screamed back. “I don’t want f***ing neutral!”
PHOTOS: You’re Fired! Kim Kardashian & Her Sister Want Momager Kris Jenner Out — 7 Reasons Why
“I’m trying to be as gracious as I can. Understanding as I can,” the hysterical momager continued. “I’ve been betrayed and f***ed over on so many levels that your head would spin. I’m not going to play this game any more.”
After a few days of the silent treatment, Kris agreed to meet up with Kim and Khloe for an apology lunch at the Regent Beverly Wilshire hotel, where Julia Roberts filmed the mother of six’s favorite movie, Pretty Woman.
“I felt really bad about getting so angry at you,” a much more reasonable Kris said after Kim explained her side. “It took me by surprise.”
“I don’t have anybody to talk to that’s been through anything similar.”
PHOTOS: Kim Kardashian’s Style Secrets Revealed
Kris infamously split from Caitlyn, then known as Bruce, back in 2013 after nearly 20 years of marriage in no small part due to the Olympian’s plans to transition into a woman.
In other news, Khloe contemplated going under the knife for bigger breasts, and even signed up for a consultation with Beverly Hills plastic surgeon, Dr. Garth Fisher.
At one point, she modeled her new cleavage with help from chicken cutlets in just her bra directly in front of her own sister’s baby daddy, Scott Disick.
“This is really inappropriate,” Kim noted.
PHOTOS: Childhood Pal: Kim Kardashian Obsessed With Weight, Wanted Nose Job In Early Teens, As Radar Looks At Star’s Progress In 14 Click
“Scott and I do this all the time!” Khloe laughed.
But ultimately, she decided to hold off on getting bigger boobs, noting the “seriousness of surgery.”
Meanwhile, Scott attempted to stay out of trouble while ex Kourtney and the kids went for a month-long vacation without him.
Ultimately going with the healthier choice, he decided to concentrate on flipping houses rather than making club appearances.
Will Scott get sucked back into partying? Sound off in the comments.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n