‘Everybody Loves Raymond’ Star Doris Roberts Dead at 90/n





                    WATCH: Salma Hayek, James Corden, Ray Romano and Gary Oldman in Justin Bieber Soap Opera
                







Using dialogue solely from Justin Bieber song lyrics,  Hayek, Romano and others perform the Bold and the Lyrical

 MORE >>





Actress Doris Roberts, best known for playing the overprotective Marie Barone on the hit TV show Everybody Loves Raymond, died Sunday. She was 90.
The family said in a statement that the veteran TV star “died peacefully in her sleep of natural causes.”
Her Raymond co-stars paid tribute to their favorite Mamma. Ray Romano said in a statement, “Doris Roberts had an energy and a spirit that amazed me. She never stopped. Whether working professionally or with her many charities, or just nurturing and mentoring a young, green comic trying to make it as an actor, she did it all with such a grand love for life and people, and I will miss her dearly.”
Patricia Heaton tweeted, “My wonderful TV mother-in-law and ELR nemesis Doris Roberts was a consummate professional from whom I learned so much. She was funny and tough and loved life, living it to the fullest. Nothing gave her greater joy than her three wonderful grandchildren, of whom she was so proud. It truly was a privilege Doris. I love you and miss you.”


To my beloved Marie – RIP. pic.twitter.com/TtZCySQnLK
— Patricia Heaton (@PatriciaHeaton) April 18, 2016

Raymond show creator Phil Rosenthal told L.A. Times that her health was “waning in the last few months” but that she was still determined to stay as active as possible. “She was taking acting classes right up to the end. And really cared about being an actress and being professional. She was very dedicated to the craft. She was the real thing. She wanted to always stay sharp.”
Roberts started her career on stage in the 1950s but found her greatest success on television. She was nominated for 11 Emmys and won five, including Supporting Actress in a Drama for St. Elsewhere and four times for Supporting Actress in a Comedy for Everybody Loves Raymond. Her other credits included ’70s and ’80s shows like Angie, Remington Steele, Soap, Fantasy Island, The Love Boat and The Streets of San Francisco.
Most recently, Roberts guest starred on shows such as Desperate Housewives, The King of Queens, Grey’s Anatomy, and Law & Order: SVU.
She is survived by her son, daughter-in-law and three grandchildren.
/n