Donald Trump Wants To Take Away Press Briefings Completely & Threatens Fired James Comey Over 'Tapes' In New Twitter Rant!/n

You know what would be great for Donald Trump? If no one asked any more questions about anything.
POTUS flexed his thumbs early Friday morning, telling his Twitter followers not to be suspicious over the ever-changing excuses for firing FBI director James Comey.
The rant came after reporters received contradictory reasons and timelines from Trump's top mouthpieces Sean Spicer and Sarah Huckabee Sanders — before the Big Cheeto himself spewed out his own version of the events that led to Comey's firing. (Which, of course, included Comey telling POTUS he was totally innocent.)
Related: Trump To Start Investigation On Voter Fraud
Well, Trump finally acknowledged his White House aides were about as useful as a Trump University degree, and he only has himself to blame!
You see, our President is apparently so "active," his staff is literally unable to keep tabs on what he's doing — so, we shouldn't assume his administration's officials are speaking credibly on his policies and actions.
But don't worry. POTUS already knows how we can fix this problem: take away press briefings altogether! He shared: 

Again, the story that there was collusion between the Russians & Trump campaign was fabricated by Dems as an excuse for losing the election.
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 12, 2017


The Fake Media is working overtime today!
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 12, 2017


As a very active President with lots of things happening, it is not possible for my surrogates to stand at podium with perfect accuracy!….
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 12, 2017


…Maybe the best thing to do would be to cancel all future "press briefings" and hand out written responses for the sake of accuracy???
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 12, 2017
Written responses? No smug reporters shaking their heads at the Spice Man? How totalitarian of you, Donny!
Related: Donald BLASTS Colbert For His Vladimir Putin Blow Job Joke
Unfortunately, "Letters From POTUS" isn't the only threat Trump made in his rant.
The message also featured a cryptic threat to Comey himself, who would be wise not to leak any "tapes" of the conversations he had with the Commander in Fraud:

James Comey better hope that there are no "tapes" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 12, 2017


When James Clapper himself, and virtually everyone else with knowledge of the witch hunt, says there is no collusion, when does it end?
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 12, 2017
Remember, would be the same discussions in which Comey allegedly told Trump he was NOT under investigation for colluding with Russia during the election — a claim officials denied the former director would ever say.
Trump basically confirmed that himself, as he clearly doesn't want what was actually said to be known to the public. Can you blame him? Those "grab ‘em by the pussy" tapes are JUST starting to blow over!
POTUS is definitely backing himself into a corner with this one. Srsly, how much longer can this active puppet show last?
/n