Lady Gaga Wore a $1 Million Hat to the 2016 Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show/n





                    Lady Gaga's Most Outrageous Looks
                







Lady Gaga has done it all. 

 MORE >>










                    Everything You Need to Know About the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show After-Party
                







How the Angels kick back after slaying all day. 

 MORE >>





Gone are the days of Lady Gaga wearing a meat dress. These days, you can find the Mother Monster in something that it’s a little bit more upscale and impossible to find at your local grocery store.

When the singer performed at the 2016 Victoria’s Secret Fashion show in Paris on Wednesday (Nov. 30, 2016), she wore a custom-made hat that was worth a whopping $1 million.
Designed by Gladys Tamez Millinery, who was also the mastermind behind the pink headpiece on the cover of Gaga’s Joanne, the extravagant topper features 45,700 Swarovski crystals with 60 hand-beaded hanging strands. According to WWD, it was made by a team of 10 craftspeople and took over 300 hours to complete.


every outfit lady gaga wore at the victoria's secret fashion show 








































12 Photos »


However, a fedora costing more than your year’s salary wasn’t the only thing she rocked on stage. Gaga started off the night in a floor-length Alaïa gown — making her the most conservatively dressed person on the runway that night — before changing into a rose-patterned dress by Barcelona-based label YolanCris. Channeling her edgier side, the 30-year-old then swapped for a black Saint Laurent jumpsuit and matching jacket, before ditching her coat for a white leather one from Schott. As she wrapped up her performance of “John Wayne,” her jacket transformed into a set of angel wings as she strutted off the catwalk.
However, as if four outfit changes weren’t enough for a fashion show, Gaga finished out the night in a lacy crop top and skirt by Alaïa when she stepped out to take her final bow with fellow performers The Weeknd and Bruno Mars. “Walk, walk fashion baby,” indeed.
The complete 2016 Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show airs Dec. 5 on CBS.


A recap of the 2016 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show 








































30 Photos »


/n