‘I Don’t Have A Boyfriend!’ Jenelle Evans Dumps David After Explosive Fight/n
The season premiere of Teen Mom 2 kicked off with Jenelle Evans’ most explosive fight yet! On this week’s episode, Jenelle leaves her baby daddy David Eason only weeks before giving birth to their daughter Ensley.
The blowout started when Jenelle’s son Kaiser with ex-fiancé Nathan Griffith broke a Christmas ornament as the family decorated their tree.
“Come get him or something, it’s bulls**t,” David said, as Jenelle fired back, “I can’t keep bending down and getting up it hurts my back. I’m not supposed to be carrying Kaiser. Thanks for being such a gentleman.”
When the couple learned that their house has mold, they began moving their furniture out of their home and into a rental. But with Kaiser’s temper tantrums, David’s friends drinking instead of helping them move and the realtor’s office closing before they could pick up the keys, they fought again.
PHOTOS: Arrests, Drugs & Restraining Orders! You’ll Never Believe These 20 ‘Teen Mom’ Baby Daddy Scandals
“Now where are we going to sleep? In a hotel?” Jenelle asked. “What are we going to do? I’m going to freak out if I have to stay in this house another day.”
David fired back, “I told you this morning, go to the damn house!”
When she said that it’s hard to be alone with Kaiser while pregnant, he shot back, “You act like it’s my fault. I told you at least six times, leave this house! We shouldn’t even be in this house. It has f*****g mold in it, you should be gone. I’ll clean this s**t up.”
Jenelle then left for a hotel with her son, as she cried to her producer, “I’m upset. If he didn’t procrastinate and drink all day, that’s why he’s still moving s**t.”
PHOTOS: Inside ‘Teen Mom OG’s Nastiest Feuds EVER
When she told him over text that she felt like she was dating Griffith, he responded, “Go back to your ex then!”
“I cried super bad and no one cared,” she wrote in a text. “You still don’t. You pushed me away. I left like you requested.”
She then vented, “He hangs out with his friends more frequently, I don’t have any f*****g friends. I don’t have a boyfriend. I just don’t have anyone. I’m always alone.”
Also on the episode, Kailyn Lowry and her ex-husband Javi Marroquin’s divorce became finalized. But her relationship drama with her third baby daddy Chris Lopez had only just begun!
PHOTOS: They’re Back! ‘Teen Mom 2’ Filming Secret New Season
“He doesn’t want to be on the show,” Kailyn said. “He doesn’t want his name on the show.”
When her friend asked if he’s embarrassed, she responded, “He doesn’t want his other hoes to know about me!”
Javi has issues as well, as he learned that he might have to deploy for the Air Force again.
“It’s between me and another guy,” he told his ex-wife over Skype. “He’s going through family stuff and he doesn’t want to take it. I just got home so I don’t want to take it.”
PHOTOS: Fights, Friends & Foes! Find Out Who’s Secretly BFFs & Who Hates Each Other In The ‘Teen Mom 2′ Cast REVEALED
When Javi began to cry, his son Lincoln and former stepson Isaac hugged him.
“I might have to go back,” he said. “I might have to fight the bad guys.”
Also on the episode, Chelsea Houska gave birth to her son Watson with her husband Cole DeBoer.
But she still had to deal with drama with her baby daddy Adam Lind.
PHOTOS: Cheating, Drugs & Violence: Inside ‘Teen Mom’s 10 Nastiest Splits
“When Aubree comes home, if I do ask her if she’s seen her dad, she’ll be like, ‘he was sick.’” Chelsea told a friend. “From what I hear, he’s not doing well. I never check child support. The state takes over if he doesn’t pay it.”
As for Leah Messer, she returned to college to get her degree now that all her three daughters are in school.
Teen Mom 2 airs Mondays at 9/8c on MTV.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n