WATCH: Serena Williams Doesn’t Care for Your Dumb Questions About Why She’s Not Smiling/n





                    Serena Williams Enjoys Dinner and Tea with Kim Kardashian During U.S. Open Break
                







Killin' the tennis and the friend game.

 MORE >>





Queen of sports, Serena Williams, is dominating the tennis court, dumb questions in press conferences, and basically life right now.

Williams, currently the No. 1 seed in women’s tennis, defeated her sister Venus in the quarterfinals of the U.S. Open on Tuesday night. Afterwards, she was forced to partake in a late-night press conference where we assume she was asked in every which way something along the lines of, “what was it like facing off against your sister for the 27th time?” and such.


Serena Williams and Kim Kardashian Have Dinner and Tea at Carbone in New York	








































13 Photos »


One reporter stepped over the line during the post-match press conference when he asked, “You just won a match. Normally you smile when you win. You come in here, you laugh. What happens tonight? Is it because you beat Venus or because you’re thinking about what is going on next? What’s wrong?”
Nope.



    if (typeof FB === 'undefined') {
        (function (d, s, id) {
            var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];
            if (d.getElementById(id)) return;
            js = d.createElement(s);
            js.id = id;
            js.src = "//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.3";
            fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);
        }(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));
    }



A reporter asked her why she didn't smile and laugh after the match...this was Serena's response LMAO #TheQueen

Posted by Aaron Squintz Davis on Wednesday, September 9, 2015




As you can see in the video, Williams take a deep inhale and exhale, probably considering whether or not she should really call him out. Instead, she saves her breath probably because she knows dumb questions like that don’t even deserve to be entertained.
Instead, here’s her amazing response:
It’s 11:30. To be perfectly honest with you, I don’t want to be here. I just want to be in bed right now and I have to wake up early to practice and I don’t want to answer any of these questions. And you keep asking me the same questions. It’s not really … you’re not making it super enjoyable.
Just being honest.





CREDIT: Buzzfeed


Obviously, the dude didn’t catch what was a very obvious hint, as he attempted to ask yet another question. She seamlessly joked, “Is it about Venus again?”


Serena Williams Does Splits for New York Magazine	




























4 Photos »


Immediately after the match ended and her and Venus embraced, Serena commented, “She is the toughest player I’ve ever played in my life, and the best person I know. So it’s going against your best friend and at the same time for me going against the greatest competitor in women’s tennis. So it was really difficult today.”
Blood is nonethelss thicker than water. She posted a beautiful tribute photo on Instagram yesterday:



She has my heart. ❤️ Memories make my heart filled with more joy than I can express. A lifetime with @venuswilliams will not be enough.
A photo posted by Serena Williams (@serenawilliams) on Sep 9, 2015 at 10:04am PDT


Should Serena win the U.S. Open this year, she’ll have swept up all four Grand Slam trophies this year, joining Maureen Connolly, Margaret Court and Steffi Graf as the only women to ever do so in a single season. It will also be her fifth consecutive Grand Slam (she won the U.S. Open last year in 2014), and her seventh U.S. Open win overall.


Celebrities Watch Serena Williams 'Slam' at Wimbledon 2015	








































10 Photos »


Serena Williams is truly a Queen. Good luck to Williams in the semifinals, which was supposed to be held tonight but postponed due to rain. She will therefore face Roberta Vinci, an unseeded Italian 32-year-old, on Friday afternoon, with the finals scheduled as planned on Saturday afternoon.
[Mashable]

/n