'Immersive', 'Ingenious', 'Definitive' — See The Rave Review Roundup For Dunkirk HERE!/n

Wow! We knew we were going to see Dunkirk to judge Harry Styles as an actor, but it looks like we may have to watch it as the first definite Oscar contender of 2017!
So far, almost all the reviews of Christopher Nolan's WWII epic have been glowing — some of the best of the year!
We are seriously getting hyped…
Video: You Won't Believe What Gets Harry Styles' Heart Racing!
BTW, Harry only appears about as much in the reviews as he does in the trailer, but it's all good things. He's been called "solid" and a "confident screen debut."
Dunkirk opens Friday, July 21. See what critics have to say about the movie now (below)! 

Chris Nashawaty, Entertainment Weekly: "This is visceral, big-budget filmmaking that can be called Art. It's also, hands down, the best motion picture of the year so far."
Lindsey Behr, AP: "Christopher Nolan's Dunkirk is a stone cold masterpiece. It's a stunningly immersive survival film told in 106 thrillingly realized minutes."
Brian Truitt, USA Today: "Nolan's feat is undeniable: He's made an immersive war movie that celebrates the good of mankind while also making it clear that no victory is without sacrifice."
Chris Hunneysett, Daily Mirror: "Nolan's finest film to date, an immersive and emotional masterpiece and a superb return to form."
Peter Debruge, Variety: "Steven Spielberg laid claim to the Normandy beach landing, Clint Eastwood owns Iwo Jima, and now, Christopher Nolan has authored the definitive cinematic version of Dunkirk."
Bilge Ebiri, Village Voice: "Some filmgoers might be expecting a sprawling, grandiose war epic. Instead, Nolan gives us one of the leanest, most ingenious studio films in quite a while: an intercutting montage of competing timelines that expand and contract and collide in ways both inevitable and surprising."
Jane Crowther, Total Film: "Haunting, thrilling and emotional, Dunkirk is a prestige pic with guts and glory that demands multiple views."
Alonso Duralde, The Wrap: "In telling the story of the rescue of hundreds of thousands of blockaded Allied forces in the early days of World War II, Nolan has crafted a film that's sensational in every sense of the word; it aims for both the heart and the head, to be sure, but arrives there via the central nervous system."
Stephen Whitty, NY Daily News: "Let other directors play with toy soldiers and computer effects. This is big-time, old-school filmmaking. Dunkirk isn't overdone. It's simply done epically."
David Ehrlich, IndieWire: "Christopher Nolan's largely bloodless but profoundly harrowing war epic is the best film he's ever made."
Mike Ryan, Uproxx: "Christopher Nolan isn't here so a viewer can catch his or her breath during Dunkirk, or slow down for any kind of character development. His sole motivation seems to be to put you into the World War II evacuation of Dunkirk – or at least as close as humanly possible via film."
[Image via Warner Bros..]
/n