Angela Bassett Joins Star-Studded Black Panther Cast "I haven't read the script yet, but from what I know the story is going to be pretty good," Jordan said. The cast also includes Oscar winner Lupita Nyong'o Forest Whita.../n
The cast for Black Panther just keeps getting better and better.Marvel Studios announced today that they've added A-list actress Angela Bassett to their already star-studded cast for the highly anticipated superhero film that is slated for a February 2018 release. According to the message posted on their website, Bassett, who is currently starring in American Horror Story, will play Ramonda, mother of T'Challa, otherwise known as Black Panther.Bassett joins an exceptional list of actors on the project, including Chadwick Boseman, who will take on the starring role after making his outstanding debut as Black Panther in Captain America: Civil War.

"You have to go to a place where it's sort of Zen place where you can deal with it at first and then you find your peace," Boseman told E! News earlier this year of his uncomfortable superhero suit. "It's also exhilarating."Michael B. Jordan will also be reuniting with director Ryan Coogler on the film, and has teased that he's already been putting in work to get his muscles bulging for the big screen (heyooooo!)."I'm in the process right now, about six months out," he said while promoting the superhero flick at Comic-Con. "I'm eating tons of carbs, lifting. When we get close to the date I'll start to shred down a little but the goal is to be bigger than Creed."Bigger than Creed, y'all. In case you forgot what that looks like, we've provided an image for you below. You're welcome.

"I haven't read the script yet, but from what I know the story is going to be pretty good," Jordan said.The cast also includes Oscar winner Lupita Nyong'o Forest Whitaker, Daniel Kaluuya, Winston Duke, Florence Kasumba and The Walking Dead's Danai Gurira. Shooting is slated to begin in January.While speaking with Coogler at Comic-Con in July, he told E! News that there's definitely more pressure in bringing this story to life than there was with Creed because "the history of who the character is, what he represents and all the good will that's out there towards him."

Coogler explained, "With Creed it was met with, 'Oh, man do we need another Rocky movie? What is this?'""There was a little apprehension which actually takes some of the pressure off. With this, most people are excited about it. You have positive feelings towards it. You want to let that pressure motivate you but at the same time you don't want it to knock you over to the point that you can't focus what's in front of you."Black Panther is set to hit theaters Feb. 16, 2018.
/n