Ex-Manicurist Bernice Mann Gives Warren Beatty a $185,000 Clipping for Putting the Sham in 'shampoo'/n
When retired manicurist Bernice Mann, 69, and her husband, Philip, went to the movies on a winter evening in 1975, it turned out to be one of those experiences that thwarted writers fantasize about. As the lights dimmed, Bernice relates, “Phil grabbed my arm and I grabbed his, and we pinched each other.” The Manns were about to see Shampoo, Warren Beatty’s sudsy saga of a hyperkinetic L.A. hairdresser. Their tingle of anticipation was understandable: Six years before, Bernice herself had written a film scenario about a Don Juan with a hot comb. In 1971 she had the treatment—titled Women Plus—delivered to Columbia Pictures, which turned out to be the distributor of the Beatty production. “As we watched,” recalls Bernice, “we noticed things similar to Women Plus, and then we went to see it again and again and then again, to make sure we were right. Then we decided to go to a lawyer. We were sure.”
For 15 days in L.A. Superior Court last month the Manns’ lawyer, Lee W. Landrum, traced no fewer than 10 similarities between the two plots. Wherever Shampoo got its lurid material, Bernice had based Women Plus on her 25 years of cuticle clipping and observation in such swank Beverly Hills salons as Pagano’s, then owned by Jon Peters’ uncles and later featuring Jon himself. Shampoo’s hero, “George,” contended Landrum, was a dead ringer for Bernice’s “John,” whom she had described as a “good-looking, attractive, single, young, 27-year-old American male…well aware of his physical attractiveness and sex appeal to both sexes.” Beyond that, the Mann treatment and Shampoo (once titled Promiscuous Bound) shared a mother-daughter competition over the priapic protagonist, a sex-drenched political fund-raising party and a half-dozen other coincidences of character and action. Most important, Bernice had registered her treatment with the Writers’ Guild (the patent office of plots) three years before Beatty did.
Beatty and Oscar-winning co-writer Robert (Chinatown) Towne vigorously denied ever having heard of Women Plus. (They did, however, offer to settle out of court for $17,000.) Towne, who earned $125,000 for the script and five percent of the film’s net, claims that Shampoo was “the most personal screenplay that I ever worked on because of the people I knew and the events that happened to me.” Beatty said he knew nothing of Women Plus until he learned “that someone we never heard of was taking some sort of legal action, which we assumed was a nuisance suit.”
But after three and a half days of deliberation, the jury found that Beatty, Towne and Columbia had “substantially based the movie Shampoo” on Bernice’s work—and awarded her $185,000. After the pronouncement, Mrs. Mann had “tears in her eyes,” but her husband, Phil, couldn’t resist a jibe at Beatty: “I think he should have gotten an Oscar for his performance on the stand.” That may be so but, as Bernice added, “The jurors who had been so aloof came down and hugged and kissed me.”
Bernice has finished three other manuscripts since Women Plus (all un-produced, to her knowledge) and spent four years and enormous legal fees to gain her $185,000. Yet she plans to use a portion of the proceeds to establish a fund to help other writers—”the little guys”—press similar claims against the lawyer-laden studios. Meanwhile Landrum, their attorney, is not at all certain that the Manns are finished themselves. “I think [the defense is] going to try to spend us out of court on appeal,” he says rancorously. “They know Mrs. Mann has Parkinson’s disease.”
Whatever the outcome, Bernice is proud of her victory, taking heart in a vote of confidence from her old boss, Jon Peters’ mother. “I’m very happy that someone who worked hard all her life could do something like this,” says Helen Bairo, who still runs the desk at Jon Peters’ Salon on Rodeo Drive. “She was within her rights. She deserves the money.” Though a 4’11” David to the Beatty Goliath, Bernice could herself appeal, if the studio does, for a share of the movie’s future gross (it has already topped $50 million)—not to mention proceeds from the Shampoo sequel Columbia is said to be mulling. But, says Bernice: “We’re not the type of people who go around hurting people. We are not Hollywood people.”
/n