Sheridan: 'Housewives' Creator Attacked Me/nNicollette Sheridan has sued Marc Cherry, the creator of  "Desperate Housewives, " alleging he struck her across the head and face on the set, and after she complained he fired her.In the legal papers, obtained by TMZ, Nicollette is suing for assault and battery, gender violence and wrongful termination.Sheridan is suing for more than $20 million. In the lawsuit, Sheridan claims Cherry created a hostile work environment from the get go,  "behaving in an extremely abusive and aggressive manner toward the individuals who work on the show. "Sheridan says during the 5th season, Cherry put her in his crosshairs. She claims on September 24, 2008, he physically assaulted her after she questioned him about something in the script. According to the lawsuit,  "Cherry took her aside and forcefully hit her with his hand across her face and head. "     Celebrity Bieber Bangs!   Check out which short-haired stars might look rad rockin' those trendy Justin Bieber bangs!    Guess Whose Lil' Glam Girl! Can you guess which New York native went for a walk with this beautiful bouncing baby?    Celebrity Summer Sandals! See which stars are baring it all ... on their FEET! Can you guess who's gone sandal-ous?    I Dare You To...  ... jump on a moving vehicle! See which stars would step up to the challenge of a dare.    Stars Gone Wild -- Celebrity Safari! Lions & tigers & cougars, oh my! Take a trip through some of the wildest animal prints found in their natural environment -- on celebs!    Tiger Woods -- Fandemonium at Masters   Tiger Woods' fans are lining up to see him play ... swarming to Augusta National to watch a practice round for the Masters.Oh yeah ... Fred Couples was there too.Tiger is set to address the media today at 2:00 PM ET ... we'll put it up on the website live, so stay tuned.    TMZ's April Fools Photo Contest -- No Foolin'! The foolish photos poured into the TMZ newsroom for our April Fools Photo Contest -- proving once again that when you mess with your friends... it's really funny!/n