8 Things to Know About Kim Kardashian’s Beauty Routine/n
It’s no surprise that Kim Kardashian packs on the makeup and beauty products to get her high-end glam look, and while that might not be the ideal for some of us — who’d rather just throw on a hat and chapstick and call it a day — it’s still interesting to learn how she gets her flawless look.





                    Khloe Kardashian's Beauty Secrets
                







Khloe dishes on her beauty tips and secrets...

 MORE >>





In an interview with Into the Gloss the the 34-year-old reality star finally dishes the inside scoop about what she uses, from her facial cleansers and moisturizers to her must-have makeup products… She even goes as far as to explain how often she washes her hair!
Here are 8 things we learned:
1. She uses makeup remover and washes her face every night. “I always need a makeup wipe. I find that I can’t really take my makeup off without it. I use the Neutrogena Make-Up Remover Cleansing Towelettes. They take off everything but really gently—even mascara! I used to just go on a flight, fall asleep in my makeup, and not care. Now I really wash it off—first with a wipe, and then I use the By Terry Pureté de Rose Refreshing Cleansing Gel because it smells like rose.”


Kim Gets Lob Haircut 








































13 Photos »


2. She moisturizes and always uses sunscreen. “My skin is more on the dry side, so I need a really thick moisturizer all the time.”  She loves Guerlain Orchidée Impériale The Rich Cream, one from Natura Bissē—the C+C Vitamin Cream, and Tracie Martyn’s Shakti Resculpting Body Cream. As for getting her SPF, she uses two: La Mer’s The Broad Spectrum SPF 50 UV Protecting Fluid and one from her dermatologist, Dr. Harold Lancer called Sheer Fluid Sun Shield SPF 30.
3. She’s obsessed with rose scents and laser treatments. “I actually love [the rose] scent for everything. My fragrance right now is rose, and all of the scents in our Kardashian Beauty and Kardashian Beauty Hair lines are rose.” She also admits to loving rose oils, like Epicuren Bulgarian Rose Otto. She adds, “I’m [also] really big on laser facials. I have this at-home LED light therapy machine called Quasar MD Plus that I got it for my psoriasis because I’ll try anything.”
4. She switches up her foundation. Kardashian admits, “I’m always researching different products, and I always try so many different things.” Her foundation is one of them. She’s currently obsessed with Armani Luminous Silk Foundation. However, she also stays true to one she’s always known: Joe Blasco Ultrabase Foundation. “It’s a really old school, heavy foundation. My dad got me makeup classes for Christmas when I was like 14 at some Joe Blasco makeup school, and I’ve worn that foundation ever since.”


Kim's Snakeskin Outfit








































19 Photos »


5. Contour, contour, contour. As we well know, the Kardashians are the Kweens of Kontour, and Kim isn’t afraid to admit it. “I always contour my nose, and I love to contour my cheeks—the Anastasia Beverly Hills Contour Kit is great for that.”
6. She wears false lashes during the day. While Lancôme Définicils High Definition Mascara is her favorite, Kim typically rocks falsies on her lashes. “I wear false lashes during the day sometimes, and our [Kardashian Beauty] line actually has some of the best false lashes—our glam team can tell you. Our Individualist Lashes are really good.”
7. Shaping her eyebrows changed her life. “I look so different when I have my eyebrows done,” she explained in the interview. “Anastasia Soare [of Anastasia Beverly Hills] does my brows. For two years she was asking me if she could do them, and I was like, ‘No, I don’t need it,’ because I would just do it myself. But then I let her, and it changed my life—my whole face looked different.”
8. She only washes her hair every 5 days. “For my hair, I don’t wash it every day. We start out with a blowout on day one, then we go into a messier vibe the next day, and then we flat iron it and do a really sleek look on day three since that requires a little oil in the hair. Day four could be a slicked-back ponytail, and on the fifth day is when you wash it. That’s a little excessive, maybe.”





 
/n