Isn’t She Lovely! Stevie Wonder Marries Longtime Girlfriend In Los Angeles/n
Motown legend Stevie Wonder was married in a lavish ceremony in Los Angeles over the weekend, RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal.
Wonder, 67, exchanged vows with his longtime girlfriend, Tomeeka Robyn Bracy, 42. The couple, who have two children together, started dating in 2012 after the singer split from his second wife, fashion designer Kai Millard Morris.
“It’s not much I can say,” a family member told Radar of the surprise nuptials. “Everyone, including family had to sign a confidentiality agreement that threatens a $1 million fine if you talked to the media. I cannot quite afford $1 million.”
However, the family insider did reveal that John Legend feted Wonder and Bracy with a performance of Wonder’s hit song “Overjoyed.”
PHOTOS: 13 Reasons Kailyn Lowry & Javi Marroquin Ended Their Rocky Marriage
Bracy wore a simple white gown while the “Superstitious” singer opted for a long dark colored jacket with black pants.
Wonder donned his trademark sunglasses and greeted about 160 wedding guests by taking selfies with most of them.
The family member noted singer Al Green was on the guest list, along with Wonder and Bracy’s children.
During the touching ceremony, Wonder paid tribute to his late mother, Lula Hardaway, who died in 2006.
PHOTOS: Kim Kardashian ‘Livid’ After Hubby Kanye West Drops Marriage BOMBSHELL
“He said a few words, looked up and said, “Momma, you’d be proud, I got it right this time,” the family source told Radar.
The late Hardaway was said to have been displeased with her son’s choice of women in the past.
The ladies in Wonder’s life have included his ex-wives Morris and the late Syretta Wright, and he has a total of nine children, ages 2 through 42, from past relationships with Morris, Yolanda Simmons and Melody McCulley.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n