See Todd & Savannah Chrisley’s CUTEST Father-Daughter Moments/n“Thank you for being my bestfriend #forevermybestfriend,” Savannah wrote beneath this photo of her and her dad on a recent family vacation.Todd’s been Savannah’s number one fan since day one, and he’s been super supportive of her new business venture — her very own clothing line Faith Over Fear.In this absolutely adorable throwback pic, Savannah wished her dad a happy birthday, telling him, “I cannot express to you how much I love and appreciate you…Thank you for helping me to become the woman that I am today.”“Nothing like family…when the going gets tough they’re always there,” Savannah captioned this sweet photo of her with her dad and her sister Lindsie.“This pic is when he tried to say I wasn’t his fave,” Savannah wrote beneath this photo of her making her dad crack up on Access Hollywood.Savannah doesn’t even mind taking selfies with her dad! “I think we’re twins!” she captioned this funny pic.These two are always styling.This black tie moment is just too cute to handle.How sweet is this blast from the past pic? “I am constantly messing up but you’re always there to catch me when I fall,” Savannah wrote."You're my one and only guy!" Savannah captioned this precious pic from her pageant days. What do you think of Todd and Savannah's father-daughter bond? Sound off in the comments below!“Thank you for being my bestfriend #forevermybestfriend,” Savannah wrote beneath this photo of her and her dad on a recent family vacation.Todd’s been Savannah’s number one fan since day one, and he’s been super supportive of her new business venture — her very own clothing line Faith Over Fear.In this absolutely adorable throwback pic, Savannah wished her dad a happy birthday, telling him, “I cannot express to you how much I love and appreciate you…Thank you for helping me to become the woman that I am today.”“Nothing like family…when the going gets tough they’re always there,” Savannah captioned this sweet photo of her with her dad and her sister Lindsie.“This pic is when he tried to say I wasn’t his fave,” Savannah wrote beneath this photo of her making her dad crack up on Access Hollywood.Savannah doesn’t even mind taking selfies with her dad! “I think we’re twins!” she captioned this funny pic.These two are always styling.This black tie moment is just too cute to handle.How sweet is this blast from the past pic? “I am constantly messing up but you’re always there to catch me when I fall,” Savannah wrote."You're my one and only guy!" Savannah captioned this precious pic from her pageant days. What do you think of Todd and Savannah's father-daughter bond? Sound off in the comments below!/n