 Eccentric Billionairess The Duchess Of Alba Marries Toy Boy Husband 24 Years Her Junior.../n
By Radar Staff
The bride wore peach and hit the dance floor like a teenager as she hitched-up her wedding dress to show off her moves with her dashing young groom, despite being 85 years old and twice widowed! 
Having overcome the public outcry by her children over their engagement, the 18th Duchess of Alba finally married her 61-year-old civil servant fiancé, Alfonso Diez, in Seville, Spain on Wednesday and RadarOnline.com has the flamboyant photos.
PHOTOS: Duchess Of Alba Weds Her Toy Boy Lover
The wedding took place at the Duchess’ opulent 15th-century residence, the Palacio de las Duenas in the cobble-stoned old quarter of Seville, reported British newspaper The Telegraph. 
After the ceremony, the crowd of hundreds of well-wishers roared and cheered as the fun-loving aristocrat walked down a red carpet to the wedding reception with her much younger, much poorer, third husband.
 PHOTOS: Sexy, Stunning And Shocking Fashions From The Royal Wedding
Maria del Rosario Cayetana Alfonso Victoria Eugenia Francisca Fitz-James Stuart y Silva, who holds the record for the most aristocratic titles, possessing at least 44 noble titles and 150 hereditary ones, is one of Europe’s wealthiest aristocrats and worth an estimated $4 billion. 
As head of the 539-year-old House of Alba, her privileges include not having to kneel before the pope and the right to ride on horseback into Seville cathedral.
PHOTOS: Petra Ecclestone Weds
As RadarOnline.com previously reported, the Spanish royal divided her fortune between her children and grandchildren before the wedding.
The 24-year age gap and massive difference in bank accounts between the pair ruffled so many feathers among Cayetana Fitz-James Stuart’s six children that she decided to prove that she was genuinely the object of Diez’s affection by giving them her inheritance before walking down the aisle, including gifting all of them (and her eight grandchildren) a palace each.
PHOTOS: Petra Ecclestone, With Her Personalized SUV, and Brandon David In Beverly Hills
She also made Diez, who works as a civil servant in the department of security, sign a legal document renouncing any claim to her wealth after they tied the knot.
But, just like with the hottest Hollywood hook-ups, a nude photo scandal hit the headlines just days before the wedding.
PHOTOS: Meet The Ecclestones – Petra And Her Family
A 30-year-old photograph of the duchess as she sunbathed topless in Ibiza was splashed on the cover of the racy Spanish magazine Interviu, this week, prompting a legal threat, reported The Telegraph. 
“We are considering suing for interfering with her rights to privacy,” her friend and lawyer Javier Saavedra told Showbusiness news site Vanitatis.
PHOTOS:  Petra And Tamara Ecclestone Double Date In Hollywood
The topless photo was not the first time that the Duchess, who was born in 1926, considered stripping off. She was once asked to pose nude for Picasso, and says she now regrets having declined.
RELATED STORIES:
Socialite Petra Ecclestone Claims: ‘My Full-Time Job Isn’t About Blowing My Parents’ Money’
It’s Tamara’s World — Petra Ecclestone’s Big Sis Approached About US Reality Show
Petra’s Moving In! Ecclestone Gives Her $85 Million Dollar Mansion A Makeover
For Love Or Money? Duchess Gives Away Her Billions To Marry Commoner /n