 Arrests, Death & Family Feuds: Inside 'Bachelorette' Star Dean's Traumatic Upbringing.../n
Dean Unglert opened up about losing his mother to cancer and his estrangement from his father on The Bachelorette, but his childhood was even more traumatic than he explained. Go inside Rachel Lindsay‘s ex-boyfriend’s sad upbringing.
Unglert, who Lindsay sent home after hometown dates on Monday night’s episode, revealed that he lost his mother to cancer earlier in the season.
“My mother was the most amazing woman of all time,” he told Lindsay on their one-on-one date. “She had breast cancer, she was diagnosed when I was 9.”
PHOTOS: So Happy Together! Britt Nilsson & Brady Toops Show Off Romance On Social Media –– ‘The Bachelorette’ Stars Rebound In 6 Photos
The cancer returned when he was 14. When she was admitted to a hospice, he asked, “When are you coming home again?” She responded, “Never.”
When his mother passed away in 2006, his family “fell apart.” He explained how his brothers and sister moved out, while his father became uninvolved with his life.
During hometowns, Unglert confronted his estranged father, who he hadn’t spoken to in over two years. His revealed that his father converted to Sikhism and changed his name to Parumrup.
HOTOS: Alleged ABC’s “The Bachelorette” Home Chosen in Charlotte, NC
When Unglert confronted him about abandoning him when his mother died, he explained that he was too “angry” to be there for him.
But their issues weren’t resolved, as he fired at his son before storming off, “You’ve still got one foot stuck in the past!”
The 26-year-old’s rough upbringing clearly took a toll on him, as he was busted twice for alcohol-related crimes, RadarOnline.com exclusively reported.
PHOTOS: The Hottest Stars Of The Bachelor And Bachelorretes
Unglert was arrested on August 7, 2011 for minor in possession of alcohol and possession of false ID.
In a police report obtained from Aspen PD, the bouncer of the club recognized that the then-20-year-old’s ID was fake.
“[The bouncer] stated that Unglert had asked for it back and had become belligerent when [the bouncer] refused,” the incident report read. “[The bouncer] stated that Unglert had called him an ‘a*****e’ and had become abusive.”
When the bouncer called police, Unglert left the club and returned a short time later, allegedly calling the bouncer an “a*****e.”
PHOTOS: The Bachelor House
He then, “walked away, holding up both hands with his middle finger exposed.”
“I recognized that Unglert was intoxicated, as he had red watery eyes, slurred speech, and an odor of alcoholic beverage coming from his person,” the report read. “I told Unglert that he was under arrest, and placed handcuffs on him.”
He pled guilty to the charges and was sentenced to 12 months probation. He was ordered to complete 24 hours of community service and pay $156 in fines.
This isn’t Unglert’s first arrest. In December 2010, he was involved in a missing person investigation when he was with a 15-year-old who was reported missing.
PHOTOS: Paris Jackson Looks Carefree Amid Mom Debbie Rowe’s Cancer Diagnosis
When an officer confronted Unglert, then 19, standing by a McDonald’s restaurant, he said, “I haven’t seen anything.”
“I observed that he did not look of drinking age, and his speech was slurred and eyes watery,” the reporting officer wrote in the police report obtained by Radar. “Due to the fact I felt that a missing person should take precedence, I continued on my search.”
When the officer returned, Unglert admitted that he was with the missing girl and that he had “a couple of beers.”
He was placed under arrest and the case was dismissed.
Does his dramatic upbringing surprise you? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n