Ciara SLAMS Future's Parenting Skills In Explosive Email Thread — Says He Returns Their Kid's Clothes Smelling Like Urine!/n

The baby daddy drama continues!
Future has been slamming his ex Ciara and her ability to mother their child, Future Jr. In fact, he talked so much sh*t that the singer sued her former flame for defamation, slander, AND libel!
Well now, it seems as though the gorgeous gal has been throwing some shade his way, too!
According to emails seen by DailyMail, the momma-of-one has "serious concerns" about the 32-year-old's parenting style.
Related: Ciara Gushes About Russell Wilson!
In the online correspondence between the exes' lawyers, CiCi's attorney mentioned that their child's coat has been "returned smelling like smoke" in the past, and that the tiny tot's dirty clothes have come back "smelling like urine." 
If that's true, we don't blame Russell Wilson's GF for being concerned about her one-year-old's wellbeing!
The email was sent on January 7, which was only days after her baby daddy's epic Twitter rant about her, and days before she filed her lawsuit against him.
The message also demanded that the famous father retract his social media statements and issue an apology. Not only did he refuse, but his lawyer accused the performer of "artificially escalating the situation."
In response, the lovely lady's legal rep aired some of her client's parenting woes about the toddler's poppa, writing: 

"Ms. Harris has been equally as frustrated but she has not posted anything negative about Mr. Wilburn to her six million Twitter followers about how he refuses to agree to mutual random drug tests. She hasn't posted anything negative about Mr. Wilburn to her 9.8 million Instagram followers about how he asks for parenting time when he is booked to perform out of state or out of the country. In fact, she has asked to keep these matters private for the sake of the minor child."

The attorney alleged that Future's Twitter tirade spewed false information in an attempt to make Ciara look bad publicly.
Damn! This is intense!
[Image via FayesVision/WENN.]
/n