Jada Pinkett Smith Responds to Janet Hubert's Diss: 'This Whole Oscar Controversy Isn't Really About the Oscars'/n
Jada Pinkett Smith has responded to Janet Hubert’s critical comments about her decision to boycott the Oscars.  
After the former Fresh Prince of Bel Air star called Pinkett Smith’s actions “suspect,” claiming she was only skipping the awards ceremony because husband Will Smith didn’t get a nomination, Pinkett Smith once again spoke out to defend herself and further clarify her comments.   
“This whole Oscar controversy isn’t really about the Oscars,” Pinkett Smith, 44, said in a new video shared by Entertainment Tonight. “Really, in my plea to ask all communities and people of color to take back our power is so that we can use it in all sectors of our community, and right now, specifically with African-American people, we have some very serious issues that I think we as a people have to move together on.”  
“I’m hoping we can find ways to step together in this instead of finding ways to fight each other,” she added. “I got love for everybody.”     



Smith, 47, also spoke out about the controversy on Good Morning America Thursday, saying his own snub is “probably a part” of his wife’s adamant boycott of the Academy Awards and confirming that he will not be in attendance at the Feb. 28 show.   

“We’re part of this community,” he said. “But at this current time, we’re uncomfortable to stand there and say this is okay.”   
Hubert also expanded on her comments in an interview with the Los Angeles Times this week, further criticizing the married couple for their backlash after the Concussion actor failed to receive an Oscar nomination.  
“I was looking at this ridiculousness people called a historic moment and I was annoyed,” Hubert explained. “I was annoyed because it dilutes the movement when you only stand up for yourself.”  
“They have got to get over [themselves]. You ain’t all that. You’re not kings and queens. You’re not royalty. You re simply entertainers,” she said about the actor’s Oscars snub, even adding, “Get over it. You got a Golden Globe nomination. You should be happy.”
/n