 Javi Marroquin Reveals If He’s Falling For Another Woman: ‘I Have Love For Her’.../n
Javi Marroquin admitted there is no chance his marriage to Kailyn Lowry could be saved – and it may be because he’s already fallen for someone else. The Teen Mom 2 star exclusively revealed how serious he is with his new woman.
“I love to be in a relationship,” Marroquin told Radar. “I love to love one person. I love to do things with one person. There is no rush. If I meet that person, I meet them.”
But it seems Marroquin, 24, may have already met “that person,” as he was caught on Snapchat kissing friend Nancy Gisell.
“Nancy is not my girlfriend, but I have a lot of love for her,” he said. “That is one person I have a lot of love for. Our personalities click.”
Marroquin explained how they are taking it slow right now.
PHOTOS: 13 Reasons Kailyn Lowry & Javi Marroquin Ended Their Rocky Marriage
“I have a lot going on, taking care of that is most important before anything escalates and goes further,” he said. “We’re at a standstill, we’re just friends.”
But ruling out a serious relationship isn’t out of the question, as he’ll “see what the future holds”
“There is an attraction there,” he said of Gisell, who was deployed with him by the Air Force. “I enjoy her company a lot. That’s one person I would do anything for.”
Gisell has even met Marroquin’s son with Lowry, 2-year-old Lincoln, while on a family vacation to Myrtle Beach.
As for Lowry, she isn’t heartbroken over the new romance, as she laughed about Marroquin posting a kissing photo with Gisell during the boozy night out.
“Kail was like, ‘So you slipped up on your Snapchat?’ I said, ‘I shouldn’t have posted it,’” he said of the photo. “We were laughing about it. Kail has no right to say what I do and vice versa.”
PHOTOS: Hell On Wheels! Kailyn Lowry Busted For Driving Wrong Way & More Dangerous Violations
But Gisell isn’t the only woman in his life, as fans have accused his longtime friend Christina “Peach” Pietrobon of breaking up his marriage to Lowry after the women began feuding on social media.
“She doesn’t like Peach,” he said of Lowry. “If Peach knows something, she’s going to bring it to my attention. She found something out, brought it to my attention, so obviously I confronted Kail and asked about it. When you ask who the source was, naturally you’re not going to like that person.”
Marroquin recently told Radar how his estranged wife cheated on him.
“[My friends are] the only people I can believe,” he said. “They have no reason to lie to me. Her best friends are telling me this kind of stuff. Why would they lie to me? They didn’t like what they saw. They didn’t like what she was doing.”
Do you think Marroquin will get serious with Gisell? Tell us in the comments! /n