 Javi Marroquin’s New Girlfriend Tells All On Long-Distance Romance: ‘It Isn’t Easy!’.../n
Javi Marroquin is in a new relationship, but is there trouble in paradise already? The Teen Mom 2 star’s girlfriend reveals exclusively to RadarOnline.com how they’re making their long-distance relationship work.
As Radar reported, Marroquin began dating Lauren Comeau after meeting at a wedding last weekend. While Kailyn Lowry’s husband is currently living in Delaware, Comeau is residing in Charleston, South Carolina.
“Distance isn’t ever easy,” Comeau told Radar. “But we have a lot planned and busy schedules in between so I think we’ll handle it well.”
PHOTOS: Look Away, Kailyn! Meet Javi Marroquin’s Hot New Girlfriend
Comeau confessed that their relationship has been “short and sweet.”
“We connected through a mutual friend in Delaware and finally got to meet at a recent wedding,” she said. “We clicked instantly, and just really enjoyed each other’s company. I’m excited to see what happens.”
Marroquin, 24, previously told Radar that although their relationship is “fairly new,” it “doesn’t feel that way.”
“This one feels right,” he said.
PHOTOS: Arrests, Drugs & Restraining Orders! You’ll Never Believe These 20 ‘Teen Mom’ Baby Daddy Scandals
The father of Lincoln, 3, debuted his new love on Instagram with a sweet snap.
“Sometimes I wish I can go back in life, not to change s**t just to feel a couple things twice,” he captioned the photo.
Marroquin split from Lowry, who is expecting her third child with her third baby daddy Chris Lopez, in May 2016 after nearly four years of marriage.
Since the divorce, Marroquin dated friends Nancy Gisell and Cassie Bucka.
PHOTOS: Javi Marroquin Drowns Sorrows Over Kailyn Lowry Sex Tape Scandal With Alcohol & Women
He also dated The Real World: Skeletons star Madison Channing Walls for two weeks.
Do you think the relationship will last? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n