Celebuzz Cocktail Hour: Get in to the Holiday Spirit with Cocktails Featuring Absolut Elyx/n





                    Home Decor and Entertaining Must-Haves
                







Home is where the heart is, so let's spruce that place up!

 MORE >>





Absolut Elyx is a new definition of luxury vodka, built on the principles of quality, integrity and true craftsmanship. Every drop of Absolut Elyx is made with soft winter wheat from a Single estate, Rabelof, in Southern Sweden.
The wheat is then manually distilled in a vintage copper column still from 1921. The still, operated by hand by a select few, is made entirely of copper. The result is an award winning vodka with a rich and exceptionally smooth mouth feel.
Plus, the brand is doing some good as well. For every bottle of Elyx sold, they Absolut Elyx will provide one week’s supply (140 liters) of safe water to someone who needs it most.
Here are two Absolut Elyx recipes that you’re bound to enjoy!
 
Copperface





2 oz. ABSOLUT Elyx
1/2 oz. Calvados
1/4 oz. Apricot Brandy
Stirred and served with orange zest
Measure ABSOLUT ELYX, calvados and apricot brandy into a mixing tin.
Fill three quarters full with ice and stir for 45 seconds.
Strain into a chilled cocktail glass.
Garnish with a twist of orange peel, press oil from the orange peel over the drink and serve.
 
Winter Sour





2 OZ. ABSOLUT Elyx
3/4 oz. Nettle Cordial
3/4 oz. cloudy apple juice
3/4 oz. freshly squeezed lemon juice 2 dashes Peychaud’s Bitters
1/2 egg white
Add all ingredients to mixing tin without ice and shake to emulsify egg. Add ice cubes and shake again.
Strain into a chilled cocktail coupe.
Garnish with dried apple slice and serve.
Last night Absolut Elyx CEO Jonas Tahlin hosted an intimate cocktail reception at the Absolut Elyx House New York in honor of The Weinstein Company film Woman in Gold and star Helen Mirren. Guests sipped on custom cocktails served in bronze pineapples at the custom Meatpacking District loft. Hollywood elite including The Weinstein Company Co-founder Harvey Weinstein, actors Alan Cumming, Ian McKellen, Celia Weston and model Lindsay Ellingson and more.


Helen Mirren/ 'Woman in Gold' Absolut Elyx House New York








































11 Photos »


/n