Carrie Fisher Drug Shocker: Cocaine, MDMA & Heroin In System At Time Of Death/n
Carrie Fisher relapsed on drugs and alcohol shortly before her death, a new toxicology report obtained by RadarOnline.com confirms.
According to a full autopsy report released by the L.A. County Medical Examiner, Fisher was found to have “cocaine, methadone, ethanol [alcohol] and opiates” in her system when she died on December 27, 2016, at the age of 60.
The report states that she had taken cocaine “in the last 72 hours” before the sample was taken, possibly as early as December 20. Examiners could not pinpoint when she had taken the heroin, “morphine, methadone,” and “MDMA” that were detected. She was also found to have Prozac in her system.
READ THE TOXICOLOGY REPORT
PHOTOS: Harrison’s Shame: Ford Steps Out After Carrie Fisher Reveals Affair
Fisher had struggled with her drug addiction for years, and even had a “perforated nasal septum” at her time of death, the report claims – a telltale sign of cocaine abuse.
An insider previously told Radar that “Carrie had relapsed around Thanksgiving” 2016.
“Some of her friends I talked to doubted she was ever totally clean and sober because she got doctor’s prescriptions to treat her bipolar disorder, depression and anxiety,” said the source at the time.
PHOTOS: Latest To Know About Carrie Fisher’s Frightening Medical Crisis
Sadly, the source said Fisher seemed to be in denial about her addictions, making it difficult to determine whether or not she was actually clean.
“Ironically, she said to me, ‘You’re too old to get high anymore, dear,'” said the insider. “I replied, ‘You, too, dear.'”
Fisher had detailed her past struggles with alcohol and drugs including LSD, pills and cocaine in an autobiographical one-woman show, Wishful Drinking.
PHOTOS: Drugs, Sex & More! Carrie Fisher’s Darkest Secrets Exposed
She has also been open about her bipolar disorder.
The autopsy report also states that she had “degenerative arthritis” and some hardening of the blood vessels around her heart.
The report notes that because the “family objected to autopsy,” there were “significant limitations in one’s ability to interpret the toxicology results and their contribution to cause of death.”
PHOTOS: Carrie Fisher’s Erratic Behavior Before Death Exposed
As Radar reported, the ultimate cause was stated to be “sleep apnea and other undetermined factors,” inc luding “heart disease, drug use.”
Fisher suffered cardiac arrest on a flight from London to LA on December 23. She was hospitalized in LA and died four days later. Her mother, Debbie Reynolds, died the next day.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n