Donald Trump Brings Us Closer To World War 3 Using Cheesy Villain Dialogue! See Responses To His ‘Locked And Loaded’ Tweet!/n

Stop trying to make war with North Korea happen, Donald Trump.
The impetuous POTUS has been instigating a conflict with the country ever since he got into office. Now, he's locked in some sort of nuclear pissing contest with ruler Kim Jong Un — and millions of lives could be fatally pissed on.
A week after Trump encouraged the U.N. to increase economic sanctions against North Korea, Trump used some Game of Thrones-style rhetoric to threaten the country with "fire and fury like the world has never seen."
Photo: Giant Trump Rooster Appears Behind White House!
This prompted Pyongyang to hit back with detailed plans on a missile strike against the U.S. territory Guam, accusing America of being "the mastermind of nuclear threat, the heinous nuclear war fanatic" in a media report.
Well, Trump didn't prove otherwise on Friday, as he hurled another threat saying the U.S. military was "locked and loaded, should North Korea act unwisely." He tweeted: 

Military solutions are now fully in place,locked and loaded,should North Korea act unwisely. Hopefully Kim Jong Un will find another path!
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 11, 2017
OMG, he's going to start WWIII from Twitter…
Trump's latest tweet comes hours after North Korea accused him of "driving" the Korean peninsula to the "brink of a nuclear war."
Related: Pro-Trump Pundit Fired After Tweeting Nazi Salute!
Other U.S. officials have stepped in to be the voice of reason. On Thursday, Defence Secretary Jim Mattis said the Pentagon was hopeful for a peaceful resolution, claiming an effort to the crisis by Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and UN Ambassador Nikki Haley "is gaining diplomatic results."
But Trump has said from the start he wants the biggest, baddest military in the world. He's also a man of profit. And a country can't profit from the military if there's no war!
See the alarmed responses from Trump's latest "my nukes are bigger than yours!" tweet:

"Fire and Fury". "Locked and Loaded". Trump's idea of foreign policy sounds like the names of movie series starring @vindiesel and @TheRock. https://t.co/V5F67TnOZ9
— Ana Navarro (@ananavarro) August 11, 2017


I personally endorse our president going to war with North Korea. Not our military of course, just the president.
— Ron Perlman (@perlmutations) August 10, 2017


North Korea, China, Russia, South Korea, and Japan are all involved in this nuclear powder keg. What a recipe for WWIII.
— Eugene Gu, MD (@eugenegu) August 11, 2017


The only hope we have is that the nuclear codes require correct grammar and punctuation.
— Matt Haig (@matthaig1) August 11, 2017


WH official on POTUS tweet about military solutions being "locked and loaded" for North Korea: "this isn't anything new…" pic.twitter.com/piVQsVuIBS
— Jim Acosta (@Acosta) August 11, 2017


This! Trump is a Bigger Threat Than North Korea https://t.co/zYPSTrgAaM pic.twitter.com/tgLF8ofKVv
— Alyssa Milano (@Alyssa_Milano) August 11, 2017


Jane just asked if that mud on the sofa was from my trainers, so I quickly tried to start a war with North Korea.
— Ricky Gervais (@rickygervais) August 11, 2017


Millions of lives are a bargaining chip for the world's unluckiest gambler. What could possibly go wrong?
— ˗ˏˋ @kim ˊˎ˗‏‏ (@kim) August 11, 2017


Completely agree Mr Trump. pic.twitter.com/oZreyDb8UD
— AJ Joshi (@AJ) August 11, 2017


Trump seems unable to comprehend this basic fact. And is sounding more like NK's rogue dictator.
— Anirvan Ghosh (@anirvanghosh) August 11, 2017
[Image via WENN.]
/n