  ‘Everyone Was Crying’ At Adam Levine's Wedding To Behati Prinsloo, With Jonah Hill.../n
We’ve got brand new details on Adam Levine’s Cabo San Lucas wedding to Victoria’s Secret stunner Behati Prinsloo this past weekend, including exclusive reveals about the beautiful bride and her family, the star-studded guest list, and how Jonah Hill provided a bit of comic relief to the romantic nuptials.
“Everyone was crying, including Adam, and even the guests who didn’t know the family very well were crying tears of joy,” a source told Radar of the intimate Saturday affair at Flora Farms, with the ceremony itself described as “very unrehearsed, lighthearted and short.”
PHOTOS: Shallow Hals! 10 Celebrities Notorious For Dating Supermodels
Levine, 25, wrote his vows 20 minutes before getting to the altar. He told his new wife: “Behati, I love you more than I love myself and we all know how much I love myself.”
As far as Hill, The Wolf Of Wall Street Oscar nominee was the unofficial “conductor” of the soirée, a source said, as he was the first to walk down the aisle, stood between the couple, and spoke the whole time. The nervous Hill made a few gaffes, the source said, but made a good impression on attendees with his light-heated schtick: After the ceremony was complete, the actor piped in a “Well done!” — and everyone “died of laughter.”
PHOTOS: Bikinis! The Sexiest Celeb Groupies Strip Down
Other celeb presences among the 300 guests: Sex Tape star Jason Segel was one of the groomsmen (all of them wore black Hawaiian shirts); Robert Downey Jr. and Alexander Wang were in attendance; Stevie Nicks performed the first dance; and Sublime With Rome, one of Behati’s favorite musical acts, played at the party.
The 25-year-old Prinsloo, who tied the knot in a Marchesa gown, sang Bright Eyes’ “First Day of My Life” by to Adam, while Aaliyah’s “Are You That Somebody” was played during the cake-cutting ceremony.
PHOTOS: Adam Who? ‘Sports Illustrated’ Stunner Nina Agdal Hits Miami Beach With Model Boyfriend Reid Heidenry As Ex Levine Weds In Mexico

The model’s father Boet, who married the duo, is a pastor in Grootvlei, Namibia, an insider said. (While the lingerie model is a native of South Africa, she grew up in Namibia, as her folks moved there when she was 3.)
Boet “made a very serious five minute speech about God” at the ceremony, the source said.
PHOTOS: Adam Levine Sells Hollywood Home for $3.5 Million
The two will travel to South Africa for their honeymoon.
Watch the video on RadarOnline.com:

Visit NBCNews.com for breaking news, world news, and news about the economy /n