Chris Rock and New Gal Pal Megalyn Echikunwoke Get Cozy at Vanity Fair Oscar After Party/n
After completing his Oscar hosting duties with a bang, Chris Rock headed out on the town with his two leading ladies: his new gal pal, Megalyn Echikunwoke, and his mom, Rosalie.  
The group posed for photographers before dropping by the Vanity Fair Oscar Party in Beverly Hills on Sunday night.  
Still in his cream colored tuxedo jacket, the 51-year-old comedian had his arm wrapped around the actress, 32, who looked stunning in a semi-sheer white gown.  
But while they certainly looked close, the Arrow actress evaded questions about her personal life while walking the red carpet.   
“I’m too busy for romance.” she told Hip Hollywood when she was asked about Rock, adding that she pays no mind to the tabloids speculating about their relationship. “I think it’s pretty funny that people don’t have anything else to do, but hey if you want to talk about me go right ahead, I’m pretty interesting I guess.”  
Meanwhile, Rock’s age defying mother Rosalie, 71, was dressed in a black, long sleeved sequined gown.     
Rock’s highly anticipated monologue, which touched on diversity issues and poked fun at Hollywood, received positive reviews.   
As for the new woman in his life, Rock and Echikunwoke were previously seen looking cozy together at Clive Davis’ 40th annual pre-Grammy Awards gala last week.  
He and the Arrow actress were all smiles as they sat next to each other at the dinner, even snapping a few selfies with Caitlyn Jenner and other fellow partygoers.   
• Check out PEOPLE’s full Academy Awards 2016 coverage and complete winners list!
Echikunwoke also shared some Valentine’s Day pictures earlier in the month, posting a picture of herself smiling in front of a bouquet of flowers and wearing the same pink dress she had worn to the pre-Grammys party.   
“My Valentine got me wasted on them goooood roses last night,” she captioned the selfie. “So hungover. Hope you had a happy V Day.”   
She showed her support for Rock on social media in the lead up to his Oscars gig, retweeting Rock’s tweets and promotional posts leading up to his Oscar hosting gig.   
The couple were photographed together as early as September, when they attended the Global Citizen Festival together in New York City in September.   
Echikunwoke was previously linked to Almost Famous actor Patrick Fugit in 2012.   
News of the possible relationship comes as Rock is still finalizing his divorce from wife Malaak Compton-Rock, who he split from in December 2014. 
/n