Joe Scarborough Begged Jared Kushner To Kill Story About His Mika Affair?/n
There’s a new bombshell in the bitter feud involving President Donald Trump and Morning Joe co-hosts Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski.
So far it’s involved accusations of stupidity, plastic surgery, and blackmail.
And now, according to a source of Fox News, it’s reported that Scarborough allegedly begged Trump’s son-in-law Jared Kushner to squash the explosive National ENQUIRER story about the morning TV star’s romance with his co-host Brzezinski.
PHOTOS: Inside Donald Trump’s Secret Meeting With Vladimir Putin — To OVERTHROW Dictators!
Radar is owned by the same parent company as The ENQUIRER.
This follows hot on the heels of Scarborough claiming that a White House aide threatened to have the negative article about him and Brzezinski published by the ENQUIRER unless he stopped criticizing Trump.
But as American Media Vice President Dylan Howard has said in a statement, the ENQUIRER staunchly denies threatening either Scarborough or Brzezinski or their children “in connection with our reporting on the story.
PHOTOS: Furious Hillary Clinton Catches Husband Bill Eyeballing Donald Trump’s Daughter Ivanka
“We have no knowledge of any discussions between the White House and Joe and Mika about our story, and absolutely no involvement in those discussions,” Howard’s statement concluded.
As Radar readers know, the ENQUIRER published the article on Scarborough and Brzezinski’s “cheating scandal”  while both were married. (Brzezinski divorced her husband this year and Scarborough divorced his second wife in 2013).
Trump said in a tweet that Scarborough was the one who called HIM to stop the article, writing, “Watched low rated @Morning_Joe for first time in long time. FAKE NEWS. He called me to stop a National Enquirer article. I said no! Bad show.”
PHOTOS: EXPOSED! Malik Obama Campaigning For Donald Trump After Announcing Endorsement
According to the new Fox News source, there was no blackmail as the president’s advisor Kushner NEVER suggested a quid pro quo during a call with Scarborough regarding the ENQUIRER story.
On Friday’s Morning Joe, Scarborough made that startling allegation while he and Brzezinski fought back against a series of Trump tweets in which the President slammed the two, who are now engaged.
The Fox News source claimed that Scarborough called senior adviser Kushner, who is married to Trump’s daughter Ivanka, to ask about the NE article. President Trump is reportedly friends with David Pecker, the chief executive of the Enquirer’s parent company, American Media.
PHOTOS: First Dances & More! Everything To Know About President Trump’s Inaugural Ball
The Fox source said Scarborough asked Kushner if there was anything that could be done about the article given Trump’s friendship with Pecker.
According to the report, Kushner allegedly told Scarborough that the MSNBC host needed to talk to the president himself about the issue, to which Scarborough replied that Trump was angry at him.
The source said Kushner allegedly replied, “Well, then maybe you should apologize.”
PHOTOS: Who Needs Air Force One? Inside Donald Trump’s $30 Million Plane
On Friday, however, Scarborough had insisted on implying Trump’s team was using blackmail against him. He never identified the “aide” to which he spoke, which the Fox News source is now saying is Kushner.
The Fox News source said there was nothing in the phone conversation between Kushner and Scarborough that indicated a quid pro quo.
Kushner only suggested that if Scarborough wanted to speak to the President again, he perhaps should apologize, said the report.
PHOTOS: The Truth About The ‘New York Times’ ‘Hit Piece’ On Donald Trump Exposed In 10 Clicks
As Radar has reported, Trump hasn’t given up his Twitter feud with Brzezinski and Scarborough. In fact, he doubled down, launching another attack on his favorite media punching bag on Saturday, tweeting,  “Crazy Joe Scarborough and dumb as a rock Mika are not bad people, but their low rated show is dominated by their NBC bosses. Too bad!”
That followed hot on the heels of Trump’s shocking tweets on Thursday. The President slammed Brzezinksi and her TV co-host and fiance Scarborough when he wrote that he no longer watched their MSNBC morning show and charged, “low I.Q. Crazy Mika” had been “bleeding badly from a face-lift” when she and “Psycho Joe” visited him at his Mar-a-Lago resort around New Year’s Eve.
As part of a Washington Post op-ed, Brzezinski said she “never had a face-lift,” as the President claimed, but did admit that she had “a little skin under her chin tweaked, but this was hardly a state secret.”
PHOTOS: Donald On Top! 25 People Who Were SO WRONG About Trump
Brzezinski, 50, boasted that her chin job “looks awesome.”
However, top plastic surgery experts, who have not treated the TV host, have told Radar that in their opinion Brzezinski DID have a face- lift.
Now the feud continues!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n