 In It For The Fame? Khloe Kardashian’s Boyfriend French Montana Bad-mouthed Her Before.../n
French Montana may need a lot more than just fancy cars and pricey jewelry to win Khloe Kardashian’s forgiveness after she hears this news. According to a source close to the rapper, he used to talk trash about the Keeping Up with the Kardashians star before they started dating! Could this blow break them apart?
Sources close to Montana’s ex, Puff Daddy protégé Deen Kharbouch, previously warned that the rapper’s “con man” ways have fooled his girlfriend.
Now a source claims, “Deen has said that she can’t believe French likes her. He used to bad mouth her while watching the show!”
PHOTOS: 10 Stars Who Love The Kardashians And 10 Stars Who Hate Them
“Do those who know him actually think he likes her?” said a source of the Keeping Up with the Kardashians star. “No way! He had a lot to say about her.”
This isn’t the first time the bad boy musician has been accused of betraying the reality star.
In a shocking Boston radio interview, Fisher College student and “Matty in the Morning” show intern Mariela claimed that Kardashian’s boyfriend tried to hook up with her after a June 20 club performance in Lawrence, Massachusetts. According to the woman, he allegedly licked her ear and got aggressive with his advances.
“He climbs on top of me,” she said on air. “I say, ‘I’m not about this life. I have morals. I have a lot to lose.’ He says, ‘I have a lot to lose, too. You know that I have a girlfriend!’
PHOTOS: Addicted To Photoshop? Kim Kardashian’s Top Ten Digital Slimdown Scandals REVEALED
“He wouldn’t get off me. I had to double push,” she claimed.
It’s this questionable behavior and hard-partying that has apparently led the Kardashian family to warn the 30-year-old that Montana could be using her to elevate his celebrity status.
Even amid reports the Morocco native is a “deadbeat” dad who “abandoned” his 4-year-old son Kruz, Lamar Odom’s curvy soon-to-be ex-wife seems to be standing by her man, allowing him to take photos of her booty in bed!
Do you think Khloe should dump French? Let us know in the comments! /n