New Movies Hit Theaters Over The Long Holiday Weekend, But Could Anything Beat Hunger Games?!/n

Don't mess with Jennifer Lawrence and crew!
Katniss Everdeen and the folks over at The Hunger Games: Mockingjay — Part 2 couldn't be bested by a trio of new releases over the holiday weekend, and the finale of the blockbuster series once again takes the cake at the box office for the second week in a row!
Related: J-Law Is EW's Entertainer Of The Year!
Over the Thanksgiving weekend, Mockingjay — Part 2 took in $51.6 million over the weekend and $75.8 million over the entire Thanksgiving holiday, falling only 50 percent from its opening weekend.
That makes it, by percentage, the  strongest Hunger Games movie ever in holding up from its first week-to-second week change!
To date, Mockingjay — Part 2 has grossed nearly $450 million worldwide over the two weekends, and the entire franchise has now crossed $2.7 billion in gross all time. WOW!!!
Behind the blockbuster franchise, The Good Dinosaur took in $39.2 million over the weekend and a total of $55.6 million for the holiday, which marks the fourth-biggest five-day Thanksgiving opening of all time!
Photo: Adele, J.Law, & Emma Stone Had An EPIC Girls Night
The opening was slightly sluggish for Pixar's usual releases — they typically do more than $60 million on weekend opens — but it still was good enough for second place over the holiday. 
Beyond that, Creed was a surprise success, opening with $30.1 million in gross over the weekend, and $42.6 million across the long Thanksgiving holiday, which is already surpassing the film's $37 million budget! 
The one disappointment from the weekend was Victor Frankenstein, which earned only $3.4 million across the long holiday, despite having Daniel Radcliffe leading the way. Yikes. 
Photos: See How The Hunger Games Franchise Stacks Up Against Other YA Adaptations!
As you can see from the top five for the long Thanksgiving five-day weekend (below), Spectre and The Peanuts Movie rounded things out: 

1. The Hunger Games: Mockingjay – Part 2 — $75.8 million
2. The Good Dinosaur — $55.6 million
3. Creed —$42.6 million
4. Spectre —$18.2 million
5. The Peanuts Movie —$13.6 million

One minor note of a film far outside the top five: The Danish Girl did very well, opening to $185,000 in only four theaters this weekend. Of course, that film stars Eddie Redmayne portraying transgender pioneer Lili Elbe. 
Video: Eddie Wows In The First Trailer For The Danish Girl!
What'd U go see this weekend?!
[Image via WENN.]
/n