Biebs Collapses Onstage/n





                    Bieber's 'Worst' Week
                







JB's 19th birthday wasn't the only bad thing this week.

 MORE >>





UPDATE: 03/08, 9:03AM EST: Bieber tweeted and uploaded a photo to his Instagram to thank fans for their support and to show that he is making a full recovery.
“getting better,” he tweeted. “thanks for everyone pulling me thru tonight. best fans in the world. figuring out what happened. thanks for the love.”
Update 4:25 PM PST: TMZ is reporting that Bieber has been taken to a nearby hospital where doctors are monitoring and treating him.
The site’s sources say that “he is in good spirits and feels OK.”
—
Is Justin Bieber’s health taking a toll from his grueling schedule?
The 19-year-old fell to the floor during his performance of “Beauty And A Beat” on Thursday evening. The singer was at the O2 arena for the London leg of his Believe tour when he collapsed.
Bieber’s manager Scooter Braun took the stage while the pop star was backstage with an emergency medical team.
 

Bieber's controversial 19th B-day








































8 Photos »



He addressed the crowd by saying that “he felt very light of breath” and that Bieber wanted to finish the show.
Backstage, he met with doctors who advised him to rest and cancel the rest of the performance. Apparently, Bieber didn’t want to let down his fans and later continued on with his show.
Fans tweeted their support and praised the singer for his strength and bravery:
I said a prayer for you bro , your tough guy! Proud of you @justinbieber #london
— vernon burris (@iam_vernonb) March 7, 2013
 
PARAMEDICS TOLD HIM TO STOP BUT HE WANTS TO FINISH THE SHOW. THIS BETTER BE ON THE NEWS TOMORROW. “JUSTIN BIEBER DOESN’T LET FANS DOWN”
— follow me justin ♡ (@HonorTheBiebs) March 7, 2013
 
The fact that Justin came back on stage is the exact reason as to why he is my idol. Your amazing @justinbieber
— kidrauhl (@BieberSwaglet) March 7, 2013
 
Watch Braun explain the situation to the audience below.





/n