Look Away, Kanye! Kim & Ray J’s Hottest Home Movies Leak/n
Kim Kardashian’s 2007 sex tape is the bestselling of all time, but for years, some of her most intimate moments were locked away and uncovered – until now! Watch Kardashian suck face and get down and dirty with then-boyfriend Ray J in wild home movies uncovered exclusively by RadarOnline.com.
Kardashian and the R&B singer brother of Brandy Norwood filmed their infamous tape during an October 2003 getaway to Cabo San Lucas, Mexico.
In these never-before-seen outtakes from the trip, obtained by Radar, there’s plenty of evidence of the fiery chemistry that would make them both millionaires.
Sucking face and groping each other across town in the footage, they openly brag to the camera about their upcoming exploits.
During one dinner, Ray J brags, “The dessert was off the chain and the real dessert is about to really be off the chain.”
PHOTOS; Kim Kardashian’s ‘Raunchy’ Sex Life EXPOSED: Sex Toys, Tapes, & More!
“We’ll get to that later, so stay tuned,” Kim giggles to the camera. “Girls gone wild!”
In another clip, she openly grabs Ray J’s crotch as the couple dance in front of a restaurant crowd, prompting an employee to openly joke about her going for his “jewels.”
Later in the evening, their dance-floor makeout session gets so hot, a bystander approaches Ray J and says, “I don’t know you but you’re the man! You’re the luckiest man around.”
Kardashian seems more than comfortable with an audience.
Indeed, despite her later claims insisting that she had nothing to do with the sex tape’s release, Kardashian seems to know that the footage is intended for outside viewers.
PHOTOS: Family Affair! Kim, Kendall & Kylie Bare All In See-Through Lace
Complaining in one shot, “I don’t like the angle I’m in!” Kim laughs as Ray J admits, “I’m putting this on the DVD.”
Four years later, the resulting film would be released by Vivid Entertainment, catapulting Kim and her Keeping Up with the Kardashians family to world superstardom.
Kim and her family have always denied that they had anything to do with the release of the tape. Just weeks ago, mom Kris Jenner called the tape “devastating,” and “one of the most horrific things that we, as a family, went through.”
But in the video, all Kim could think about was her young romance.
PHOTOS: Sheer Madness! Kim Parades Her Nipples In Skimpy Vacation Wardrobe
Asked what she wanted to record for posterity, she cooed, “I wanna say that I have the best boyfriend in the world who took me to Cabo on my birthday,” later swearing, “I promise on Kendall and Kylie, I will never cheat on Ray J.”
They ultimately broke up in 2006 – amid rumors that both had strayed.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n