Who Was Best Dressed at the ALMA Awards? Muy bonita! Hollywood's big stars were all glammed up for the 2011 ALMA Awards this weekend. From Jessica Albas red carpet return to Glee starlet Naya Rivera's bold pattern, the red carpet w.../n
Muy bonita!Hollywood's big stars were all glammed up for the 2011 ALMA Awards this weekend.From Jessica Albas red carpet return to Glee starlet Naya Rivera's bold pattern, the red carpet was one big, fabulous parade of gorgeousness...

Out in support of sexy hubby Antonio Banderas, actress Melanie Griffith was a bright bouquet in a fitted strapless mermaid gown with a black clutch and pulled back hairdo. Nice to see ya back on the awards show circuit, Mel!The show's hostess with the mostest worked the carpet in the first of many wardrobe changes that night, naturally: a gorgeous tangerine Oscar de la Renta accessorized with a little cleavage on one side and a sky-high updo. Taking coif cues from Marge Simpson, Eva?Meanwhile, Demi glowed in a flowing, nude Maria Lucia Hohan goddess dress with gold jewels, spot-on makeup and an oh-so-pretty, relaxed chignon. This 19-year-old has got to be the most improved young star of the year.

Fellow starlet Naya shimmered in a body-hugging black and gold strapless gown with statement earrings and loose locks. It's one helluva statement print, but this could be the most sophisticated the McKinley High student ever looked.Eva's Housewives costar Marcia Cross went the traditional route in strapless navy blue Jean Fares Couture gown, but unexpectedly paired it with the most fabulous berry-colored drop earrings and a matching cuff. Love, love, love the color combo!

And finally, Alba made her red carpet return less than one month after welcoming new bambina Haven Garner. Jess was all attitude and confidence in a Michael Kors strapless dress with a chunky necklace and wavy locks. Talk about a yummy mummy.There were so many stunning looks at the ALMAs, but which star shines brightest? Vote below!

PHOTOS: Fashion Week Spring 2012: Twitpics
/n