Wait, Where Was Carl in The Walking Dead's Season 6 Premiere? We have a bad feeling about this one. Yes, tonight's season six premiere of The Walking Dead was epic, what with more walkers on screen than ever before. And yes, it lef.../n
We have a bad feeling about this one.Yes, tonight's season six premiere of The Walking Dead was epic, what with more walkers on screen than ever before. And yes, it left us with one doozy of a cliffhanger when Rick's plan to herd said walkers far away was destroyed by whoever sounded the alarm back home in Alexandria. But, you guys, where the heck was Carl? The little guy wasn't seen or heard from once during the 90 minute episode, and no one even mentioned his name. That can't be good.

Could it just be that Rick (Andrew Lincoln) chose to keep his son out of harms way as he and the rest of the group attempted to move the walkers in the quarry, en masse, out of close proximity to Alexandria? It's a possibility, someone's got to look after Judith, after all. But as we watched so many Alexandrians struggle to get battle ready (Ethan Embry, we hardly knew ye!), doesn't it seem like Carl (Chandler Riggs) could've been of some use?Carl's whereabouts weren't all we were screaming at our TVs, demanding answers about, though. No, there's the little mystery of who in their right mind was sounding that alarm, thereby luring the massive horde of walkers right to the walls of the compound—and why. That's got to be some desperate measures reasoning in a world where sound will lure death to your doorstep. For the who, we're guessing Father Gabriel. All terrible things tend to be his fault.For the why: We know the Wolves are on their way, we saw them catch wise of Alexandria last season. Could they have been laying in wait, ready to storm the gates once Rick and his crew were far enough away? That's where we're placing our bet. After all, Lauren Cohan (Maggie) did tell E! News: "Come very soon after this first episode, we're really gonna need as much manpower as we can get."Fingers crossed they've got it.What did you think of the premiere? Are you as worried about Carl as we are? And who do you think rang the alarm bells? Sound off in the comments below!The Walking Dead airs Sundays at 9 p.m. on AMC.
/n