 Fox News Senior VP Fires Back On Claims She Purposely Plotted To Fire Andrea Tantaros.../n
A Senior Vice President at Fox News is slamming a lawsuit brought by a former on-air political analyst who claims she was framed and fired after bringing up sexual assault charges, RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned.
Andrea Tantaros appeared primarily on the show Outnumbered. In her lawsuit, she alleges that in April 2016, she was “removed from the air by Fox News in retaliation for her spurning the sexual advances of, inter alia, Roger Ailes and Bill O’Reilly.”
Tantaros is suing Irena Briganti, the Senior Vice President at Fox News, for orchestrating a plot to force former colleague Nomiki Konst to send a negative tweet about Tantaros, in order to draw attention away from her upcoming sexual harassment lawsuit.
PHOTOS: ‘Blind’ Bill Arrives To Sexual Assault Pretrial Conference
Just days before Tantaros planned to announce her suit, she claims Konst was instructed to tweet, “Remember that time Bill O’Reilly kicked me off a weekly spot on his show after Andrea Tantaros physically attacked me & threatened me? I do!”
Tantaros says Briganti knew the lawsuit was coming, and ordered Konst to send the tweet as a clear attack to discredit her.
But in court documents obtained by Radar, Briganti’s lawyer calls the allegations “bogus!”
PHOTOS: Assault Arrests & Dirty Sexts! ‘Little Women’ Cheater Matt Grundhoffer’s 10 Sickest Secrets & Scandals
“These contrived allegations are absurd on their face,” the counter argument states. “There is no logical or evidentiary connection between Konst’s tweet about how O’Reilly had treated her and Tantaros’ lawsuit.
“Tantaros fails to allege a single fact connecting Briganti to Konst, much less to the Konst Tweet, and her surmise that Briganti directed Konst to send it makes no sense,” the counter argument states.
Tantaros’ lawyer is demanding the court dismiss the “frivolous and utterly baseless claims.”
Story Developing
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n