Ryan Sutter Tells All On Wife Trista's 'Violent' Seizure: I'm So 'Confused'/n
Doting hubby Ryan Sutter has spilled the horrifying details on wife Trista Sutter‘s nearly fatal seizure, RadarOnline.com can reveal.
As readers know, the former Bachelorette star — who suffered a violent seizure last week while on a romantic getaway in Croatia with her other half and their children — has been in a puzzled and ailing state ever since the traumatic event.
Ryan, a former firefighter, shared his disbelief over the incident just days after the tragedy, admitting that he’s “a bit confused” in a heartfelt Instagram post.
PHOTOS: The Hottest Stars Of The Bachelor And Bachelorretes
“In almost 17 years as a firefighter, my experience has trained me to address the immediate emergency,” wrote Trista’s husband. “However, little in my 42 years of life prepared me for the confusion and contemplation that remains after the tide of immediacy has settled.”





 I've had this picture to post for a few days. I just haven't been sure what to say? Like my mind, the photo has sat as a "draft." In limbo. A bit confused. It was taken one day after my wife, unexpectedly and without a definitive cause, seized violently in front of her family on a shuttle bus full of strangers. In almost 17 years as a firefighter, my experience has trained me to address the immediate emergency. However, little in my 42 years of life prepared me for the confusion and contemplation that remains after the tide of immediacy has settled. . What has helped is the outpouring of kindness received from our friends, family and even those that we've never personally met.  Without a doubt, you have been instrumental in the healing process and a humbling source of strength for @tristasutter and I. So, with that message, I post this simple picture . It's my wife – at her best- capturing life as she always has, though now through a more meaningful lens…
A post shared by Ryan Sutter (@ryansutter) on Jun 5, 2017 at 12:56am PDT



The reality star shared a photo on his Instagram of his wife looking through a camera while aboard a boat, explaining that the shot “was taken one day after my wife, unexpectedly and without a definitive cause, seized violently in front of her family on a shuttle bus full of strangers.”
PHOTOS: So Happy Together! Britt Nilsson & Brady Toops Show Off Romance On Social Media –– ‘The Bachelorette’ Stars Rebound In 6 Photos
While Trista’s recovery has been rocky, Ryan and his wife have received a huge amount of support from friends, family and Bachelor fans alike. The grieving star shared his appreciation online saying: “What has helped is the outpouring of kindness received from our friends, family and even those that we’ve never personally met. Without a doubt, you have been instrumental in the healing process and a humbling source of strength for @tristasutter and I.”
Currently, Trista remains in Europe with Ryan and their two children, son Maxwell ‘Max’ Alston, 9, and daughter Blakesley Grace, 8.
The star took to Instagram late last week to reveal updates on her hospitalization. In the heartbreaking post, the mom of two was pictured resting in a hospital bed with patches on her chest and an IV hooked up to her frail body.





 This was me yesterday. …two hours after I had a seizure. …two hours after I fell on my daughter's chest & she watched, along with her brother & grandparents, in confusion & horror as her mommy stared blankly off into the distance & started turning blue. …two hours after we were supposed to have an adventure. An adventure to one of the most beautiful National Parks in Europe.  Instead, I ended up in a euphoric white dream that the voices of my husband and daughter pulled me from and I ended up in a Croatian hospital being poked and prodded and wondering "why me?" But today, I had to ask, "why not me"? I'm human.  I have an expiration date.  I've always envisioned that date being sometime after my kids have graduated college, met the loves of their lives and created families of their own, but I was reminded yesterday that it could come anytime, in any country, whether I'm surrounded by strangers or people I love, or neither, or both.  I've never been perfect and I never will be, but from here on out, I vow to try my best to live this life to the fullest.  To embrace gratitude and the lessons I wrote about over 3 years ago with a newly acquired perspective.  To stress less.  To love more.  To listen. Be kind. Spread joy. To be a better version of myself as a wife, mother, sister, cousin, niece, aunt, neighbor, daughter, and friend.  Thank you to those back in the states, whom I hold dear. You know who you are.  Thank you to those I've never met who lift me up and have my back. Thank you to those from my #bachelornation family who've shown this OG kindness & respect when I know I'm old news.  Thank you to the kind tourists & Croatians who held my hand, wiped my tears, and hugged my kids. You will forever be remembered. And lastly, thank you to my family, especially @ryansutter. Without you, I don't know that I would be here today. You are my everything and I love you forevermore.  If you've gotten this far, know that I don't share these words for your pity, but to inspire you to take them and be thankful for your life and blessings. Tell the people you love how you feel and live with grateful enthusiasm.  I plan to.
A post shared by Trista Sutter (@tristasutter) on Jun 2, 2017 at 12:27pm PDT



“This was me yesterday. …two hours after I had a seizure. …two hours after I fell on my daughter’s chest & she watched, along with her brother & grandparents, in confusion & horror as her mommy stared blankly off into the distance & started turning blue. …two hours after we were supposed to have an adventure. An adventure to one of the most beautiful National Parks in Europe,” wrote Trista.
PHOTOS: The Bachelor House
As Radar previously reported, the terrifying seizure came as a surprise to everyone, especially 44-year-old Trista. But the bed-ridden star has developed a new perspective thanks to the near-death experience.
“I ended up in a Croatian hospital being poked and prodded and wondering ‘why me?’ But today, I had to ask, ‘why not me?’ I’m human,” she wrote. “I have an expiration date.”
After being released from the hospital, Trista has continued enjoying time with her close family in Croatia, even sharing a photo featuring the happy clan, captioned: “They make everything better.”





 They make everything better. ❤️ #family #lovethesehumans #grateful #lifeisshort #lifeissweet #lifeiswhatyoumakeit  #croatia2017 #adventure #oldtowndubrovnik
A post shared by Trista Sutter (@tristasutter) on Jun 5, 2017 at 2:04am PDT



The Bachelorette airs Mondays at 8 p.m. ET on ABC.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n