Just Trailers: Things Get Steamy in New ‘Girl on the Train’ Clip /n





                    Justin Theroux, Melissa McCarthy, Olivia Wilde and More Support Jennifer Aniston's Op-Ed
                







After penning a powerful op-ed, Jennifer Aniston is getting support from celebs left and right.

 MORE >>





Take a look at all the newest trailers!

Stop what you’re doing! We’ve gathered several new trailers that we’re certain you’re going to want to see. There’s a new scandalous look at The Girl on the Train, a new film from Warren Beatty (his first in 15 years) and a heartwarming monster movie from Liam Neeson.

Rules Don’t Apply
Apparently since the ‘70s, Beatty has been toiling away on a film about Howard Hughes, the mysterious billionaire and aviator. Now, the film is finally seeing the light of day with Beatty himself playing Hughes. There’s also a forbidden love story between rising stars Lily Collins and Alden Ehrenreich.





Rules Don’t Apply arrives Nov. 23, 2016.

A Monster Calls
This new drama tells the story of a young boy (Lewis MacDougall) who befriends a monster (voiced by Neeson) who helps the boy cope with his mother’s terminal illness by telling him stories. This has the potential to be a tearjerker.





A Monster Calls opens Oct. 21, 2016.


Margot Robbie and Alexander Skarsgård Look Ferocious at ‘The Legend of Tarzan’ Premiere








































23 Photos »


The Girl on the Train
A new trailer has been released for this film adaptation teasing the salacious side of the murder mystery. In the new promo, this attractive cast gets busy. Luke Evans fools around with Haley Bennett. Justin Theroux fools around with Haley Bennett. Édgar Ramírez fools around with Haley Bennett. You get the idea…





The Girl on the Train pulls in Oct. 7, 2016.

Suicide Squad
The newest clip for the highly-anticipated DC film takes a closer look at Deadshot, Will Smith’s character, and how he comes to be surrounded by some deranged-looking allies. The sharpshooter’s real name is Floyd Lawton and he appears to be this colorful crew’s cheerleader.





Suicide Squad is unleashed Aug. 5, 2016.


New ‘Suicide Squad’ Images Tease Closer Look at Joker and Much More








































23 Photos »


/n