Stars Still Dancing to the Bank?/nDo the celebs get paid to be on  "Dancing with the Stars "?As it turns out, Frances, the celebs who appear on ABC's  "Dancing with the Stars " do get monetarily rewarded for all of the blood, sweat and tears they put into those grueling practices. However, according to past celebs, like season two winner Drew Lachey, the payoff is pocket change compared to the big ratings the network receives. It is reported that they get a measly (if that's what you want to call it) $245,000 for up to eight weeks of dancing. And for those of you too lazy to do the math, that breaks down to $30,625 a week. Do with that what you will. We'll still continue to watch, though. And make sure you tune in tonight at 8pm for the results show! For more TV news, read this.Wasn't Cassie a model for Delia's before she became a singer?  You're absolutely right, Tyra. Cassie used to play dress up and pose for the teen fashion mag before making it big as a sultry songstress. She moved to New York in 2004 and began modeling while pursuing her dream of being an artist. Along with Delia's, she also appeared in Abercrombie & Fitch and Adidas ads, as she states on her myspace page.   For more models who have stuck to the runway (and had the runway stick it to them), you've got to check this out.Is Josh Hartnett attached to anyone?  Margo, we have this sexy stud attached to Scarlett Johansson. Not only is she his leading lady in real life -- they also got pretty close for a few steamy scenes in  "The Black Dahlia. " But Scarlett's not the only famous leading lady to garner Josh's affection. Hartnett has also been linked to Katie Holmes, before Tom Cruise of course.Where is Catherine Zeta-Jones?Most days, Joyce, you could find Catherine Zeta-Jones in T-Mobile spots, but she's recently been dropped by the cellular company. Although her contract will not be renewed come year's end, there's still reason to smile -- her time spent with them is the longest of any celebrity spokesperson in wireless industry history. Zeta-Jones will still be around encouraging you to  "Get More, " but you can expect much less of her when 2007 rolls around. This fabulous actress isn't down for the count, though. She'll be appearing in a number of movies next year.For more on the lives of Catherine and her better half, click here.When does the second season of  "The Hills " start?As if there wasn't already enough teen drama in the world, MTV's  "The Hills " will be soon be rolling out season two. Although an air date has not yet been set, shooting has already begun! The first season ended with LC choosing to stay in LA versus accepting a Paris internship, which of course we all know was a bad decision. Maybe this second time around will show how much she's grown since breaking it off with her troublemaking ex-boyfriend Jason Wahler.If you're a true MTV junkie like some of us here, you know that  "The Real World /Road Rules Challenge: The Duel " begins tomorrow night at 10pm. If you're not, there's your reminder!Is there something you JUST GOTTA KNOW?? Submit your question here!Click here for more  "I Just GOTTA KNOW! "/n