Get Jennifer Lawrence’s Sleek Leather Look All in One Stop/n





                    WATCH: Jennifer Lawrence Announces $2 Million Donation to a Children's Hospital
                







This funny chick is serious about giving back to her community

 MORE >>





Prayers = answered.

If you’re trying to bait Amy Schumer into becoming your new best friend, you should probably disguise yourself as Jennifer Lawrence. Don’t worry—we’re here to help.
J-Law stepped out in a casual all-black ensemble today while hitting the streets of NYC, but her look isn’t your Old Navy conception of ‘casual’. Instead, it’s a 70’s-inspired, minimalist getup (an Alberta Ferretti jacket and Sunday Somewhere Ned Sunglasses) that makes stepping out of a town car look like you should be a walking away from an explosion in an action film.





CREDIT: FameFlynet


Here’s how to get the look via ShopStyle.





1. Start with the outerwear. Try this Acne Studios Velocite Shearling Moto Jacket that’s fully lined in ultra-soft lamb fur with leather double-buckled cuffs and a leather buckle belt with loops around hem. [Get it here]
2. Accessorize with these sunnies. These Miu Miu Noir sunglasses are a wardrobe must-have that easily give a bit of edge to an everyday outfit in need of a kick. [Get them here]
3. Throw on theses shooties. A pair of these black suede Dubio stiletto ankle boots are a shoe closet staple that seamlessly transition from day to night. They’re a bang for your buck, costing you less than $175. [Get them here]
4. Make a clutch move. Add this Joseph black leather clutch to your cart and thank us later. It’s portable, compact, and has two little pockets on the inside for all of your knickknacks. [Get it here]
5. Don’t forget the pants. Jeggings: We all need them as much as we hate to admit that we do. These black Toska bottoms have not one, not two, not three, not four, but FIVE pockets. Think of all of the storage possibilities for that Shake Shack gift card you’ve been stretching since Christmas. [Get them here]
Launch the gallery at the top of the page to view more photos of Lawrence’s look.
/n