Inauguration 2013: Michelle Obama’s 10 Best Gowns (Besides, You Know, That One)/n





                    Celebs at the Inauguration
                







See which stars attended the 2013 Presidential event.

 MORE >>










                    Sasha and Malia's Style
                







A look back at the First Daughters' fashion through the years.

 MORE >>





 Though the inaugural festivities are underway — and Michelle Obama, along with daughters Sasha and Malia are already killing it with their chic inaugural style —  the question on everyone’s minds is: What will Michelle Obama wear to this year’s inaugural balls?
Back in 2009, a little-known designer at the time named Jason Wu made Michelle’s first inauguration dress and instantly changed the face of first lady inaugural fashion. The ethereal one-shoulder white gown was an instant hit — launching the career of the 26-year-old Parsons alum.
The First Lady didn’t decide what she’d wear until that morning, and the designer didn’t realize his creation would get the inaugural treatment until he saw it on TV, but as soon as the world saw it, Wu and Obama became part of fashion history.

After decades of first ladies playing it safe in conservative and sometimes glitzy, but let’s face it, pretty boring, inaugural gowns, Obama’s modern Jason Wu gown was a breath of fresh fashion air.
 

from michelle to mamie, a history of inaugural gowns








































24 Photos »



From there it was only uphill, as the First Lady’s fashion continued to impress during her first four years in office, culminating in this fall’s stylish campaign. And after she showed off a trendy new hairdo, getting bangs in time for the inauguration festivities, its no surprise that the the anticipation and speculation over Mrs. Obama’s inaugural gown has only grown.
While we’ll have to wait until tomorrow night to see what the first lady wears to dance in President Obama’s second term, the designers and styles she’s donned when she’s had to get all gussied up for state dinners, galas and other fancy events, may offer a glimpse into what we can expect the First Lady to wear at Tuesday’s inaugural balls.
Take a look back at the First Lady’ s top 10 gowns from the past four years. 
Share your predictions for Mrs. Obama’s inaugural gown in the comments below. 
Play the video for a look back at Mrs. Obama’s chic campaign style. 
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n