Texas Woman Gives Birth To Two Sets Of Identical Twins – In The SAME Day!/n
Maybe Tressa Montalvo should start playing the lottery – because she certainly can beat the odds!
The 36-year-old Texas woman overcame a one-in-70-million-chance when she delivered TWO sets of identical twins in a Houston hospital on Valentine’s Day.
PHOTOS: The Biggest Celebrity Baby Scandals
You may think the babies – all boys – are quadruplets, but they are not, as they share two different placentas, which make them two sets of identical twins, according to a news release from The Woman’s Hospital of Texas.
The woman delivered the babies- via Caesarean section – after 31 weeks of pregnancy.
PHOTOS: Elton John’s Adorable Baby Zachary Makes Faces In New York
Amazingly, Tressa and her husband Manuel Montalvo, Jr., 43, did not use any fertility drug. It was a planned pregnancy, and the couple had hoped for a little brother or sister for their two-and-half-year-old son, Memphis, according to the hospital release.
“We were trying for one little brother or sister for our two-and-a-half year old son, Memphis.” Tressa said, adding, “No fertility drugs were used. We planned the pregnancy―I guess we just succeeded a little too much!”
PHOTOS: Kate Major Flaunts Her Michael Lohan Baby Bump
When she was 10-weeks pregnant, Tressa’s doctor had told the couple to expect a set of twins. Later, on a subsequent visit, the physician detected a third heart beat. At that time, they were referred to a maternal fetal medicine specialist, Dr. Brian Kirshon, who informed them they were going to have two sets of identical twins!
“We couldn’t have been more surprised when Dr. Kirshon told us we were having four babies and that they were two sets of twins,” Manuel said, according to the release.
PHOTOS: Babies Before Brides
And how cute is this? The couple named the babies following the A-B-C-D theme. Ace and Blaine, were born at 8:51 a.m. weighing 1.64 kg and 1.79 kg respectively, and Cash and Dylan were born a minute behind, at 8:52 a.m. weighing 1.33 kg and 1.53 kg respectively.
“We tried to stick to the A-B-C-D theme when naming them,” Tressa said. “We didn’t expect it, we were trying for just one and we were blessed with four.”
PHOTOS: Sexy Stars Bare Their Baby Bumps For Magazines
According to the hospital release, Montalvos are not done yet as they “want a girl.” /n