 Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Slowly Making Return To Public Life After Estranged Wife Mary's.../n
By Alexis Tereszcuk – Radar Entertainment Editor
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. is slowly entering back into public life six months after his estranged wife, Mary Richardson Kennedy, committed suicide, RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned.
The son of Robert and Ethel Kennedy was roundly criticized after his wife’s tragic death and stepped out of the spotlight to allow the furor to die down and to help his four children heal from the devastation of their mother’s shocking suicide.
PHOTOS: Taylor Swift And Conor Kennedy Hold Hands At The Beach
“He took some time off to be with his children,” his spokesperson Mary Beth Postman told RadarOnline.com about his dedication to Conor, Kyra, William and Aiden Kennedy.
“The only things he honored during the break were his pre-booked contracts,” she said.
PHOTOS: Mary Richardson Kennedy’s Sad And Lonely Gravesite
The Kennedy family heir did not participate in the many engagements he would usually take on, and a source close to Robert tells RadarOnline.com that the fall out over the death of Mary was starting to cause a financial burden on him.
“His bookings for speeches were none existent and he started struggling financially because there wasn’t a steady income coming in,” the source says.
PHOTOS: Robert F. Kennedy Jr. And His Children At Mary Kennedy’s Gravesite
However, Postman says that Kennedy has been making the rounds on the speaking circuit again recently.
“He’s been in Sweden, London, Minneapolis and Cleveland,” she said. “His speeches are pretty on course toward the nature of his work.”
 
PHOTOS: Taylor Swift Is Morphing Into A Kennedy!
When Kennedy wasn’t working following Mary’s death, his rep explained that he “took time off to get his children back into school.”
Meanwhile, Robert F. Kennedy Jr. continues to date Hollywood actress Cheryl Hines, and as RadarOnline.com exclusively reported, his daughter Kyra has been living with the actress in LA since her mother’s death.
 
RELATED STORIES:
Mary Richardson Kennedy’s Grave Finally Gets A Headstone, Five Months After Tragic Suicide
Conor Kennedy’s Grandma Approves! Ethel ‘Loves’ Taylor Swift, ‘They’re Fascinated By Each Other’
Taylor Swift Helping Conor Kennedy Get Over His Mother’s Suicide
Taylor Swift Defends Relationship With High School Junior Conor Kennedy: ‘He’s A Grown Man’ /n