WATCH: One Direction Returns to the ‘X Factor U.K.’ Stage to Perform ‘Perfect’/n





                    One Direction's Hiatus Will Take a Little Longer Than Expected
                







++ 1 year. 

 MORE >>





One Direction has returned to the mothership.

The boys graced the place that started it all – X Factor U.K. stage – again last night (Nov. 15) to perform “Perfect,” their single off their newest album Made in the A.M.
Liam Payne, Harry Styles, Niall Horan and Louis Thompson (plus dearly departed member Zayn Malik) were all contestants on the show five years ago.


Harry Styles, Liam Payne, Niall Horan and Louis Tomlinson, aka The Heartthrobs of One Direction








































32 Photos »


Made in the A.M. is One Direction’s first album without Malik, who’s since gone on to pursue a solo career. The band’s original mentor Simon Cowell recently commented that he knew Zayn was planning on leaving before Malik went on to announce his departure.
In an interview with Daily Mail’s Event Magazine, Cowell said, “I knew Zayn was going before it happened. He was unhappy. My concern was actually for the boys…Zayn wasn’t in a great place but it was his decision to leave, he wasn’t kicked out. And then he wanted to distance himself.”
He also added, “My responsibility was to the boys because they had no warning. They are in their 20s – it’s tough and it’s my job to be there.”


One Direction Performs on 'Good Morning America'	








































8 Photos »


This isn’t the first time the group has returned to the X Factor stage, in fact they come back year after year. In 2014, the boys performed “Where Do Broken Hearts Go” on the finale with Ronnie Wood, and the year before, they sang “Midnight Madness” on the last episode.
Over the weekend, the group performed at Royal Albert Hall in London, in which Prince Harry was amongst the crowd. Soon they’ll be heading off to the States to promote their new album, which includes an outdoor concert on Jimmy Kimmel Live.
1D chatted with Melvin Odoom and Rochelle Humes after their performance, where Horan commented, “There is a good sense of home about this place.”
Watch their interview below:





/n