Lindsay Lohan Poses in Her Underwear for ‘Wonderland’ Magazine/n





                    Lilo Takes the Plunge
                







Lindsay Lohan steps out in a very revealing green dress.

 MORE >>





Lindsay Lohan insists she’s a changed woman in the new issue of Wonderland magazine.
However, a couple things will always remain the same when it comes to the former child star: she won’t turn down the opportunity to get risque for a photo shoot, and she’ll always have a lot to talk about when it comes to her expensive choices in fashion.

The actress, who is promoting her new play called “Speed-The-Plow” in London’s West End Theater District, rocked a teeny tiny pair of black underwear, thigh-high boots (as per usual) and a see-through shirt for her sexy September cover spread.  The photos show her giving the camera a sultry stare as she caresses her toned body.  One of the pictures gives us lots of cleavage–something we already know LiLo is a big fan of revealing as much as possible.
 

lindsay lohan flaunts major sideboob








































8 Photos »



As for her beauty secrets to get camera-ready for the shoot?  “Sleep, drink water and meditate,” she tells the magazine, creating quite the opposing idea around her previous party girl reputation.   She even admits that “staying healthy, spiritual, happy and focused” are her top priorities right now over socializing and shopping.
But don’t get it wrong–she still maintains her addiction to fashion, confessing that her wardrobe is stuffed with “Isabel Marant, YSL and Chanel” and her most hoarded items include “leather jackets… or boots,” though she’ll likely need a new pair of thigh-highs after taking the Ice Bucket Challenge in a pair of Chanels last month.
Lohan admits fashion has been ingrained in her system since she first hit it big as a child, casually claiming, “in The Parent Trap, I wore a specially made Chanel suit.  I was 10.”
Launch the gallery above to see all of LiLo’s photos from her Wonderland shoot.


lilo gets in a bikini








































8 Photos »


/n