Kim Kardashian and Kanye West’s Surrogate Is Reportedly 3 Months Pregnant/n





                    Kim Kardashian Gets Real About Her Fertility Struggles
                







The struggle. 

 MORE >>





There’s another baby on the way for Kim Kardashian and Kanye West!

The couple’s surrogate — who they chose this spring after years of dealing with fertility problems — is three months pregnant with their third child, according to Us Weekly. The baby is said to arrive some time in January 2018.
The publication reports the surrogate is a San Diego mom in her late 20s, who was referred to the parents-of-two by an agency. The unidentified woman has reportedly served as a surrogate before and even appeared in a promotional video about the process.
As previously reported, the surrogate will be paid $45,000 in 10 monthly installments. In addition, Kardashian, 36, and West, 40, also deposited $68,850 to the agency responsible for finding the surrogate.


kim kardashian's baby bump evolution








































19 Photos »


During the pregnancy, the surrogate is required to refrain from smoking, drinking, and using drugs during the pregnancy — per the expectant parent’s list of demands. The woman is also prohibited from going into hot tubs or saunas, changing cat litter, dyeing her hair, eating raw fish or drinking more than one caffeinated beverage per day.
“I’d just love nothing more than to expand my family and just know that I have this world at home that’s safe,” Kardashian previously said on an episode of Keeping Up with the Kardashians. “And if for some reason I left this earth sooner than I really wanted to, then my kids would have a support system at home so that I know that they would be okay if I wasn’t here.”
Kardashian opted to have a surrogate to carry her baby after she was diagnosed with placenta accreta — a condition in which the placenta grows into the wall of the womb and prevents it from easily detaching at the time of birth — when she was pregnant with son Saint West. At the time, doctors told the reality star another pregnancy could jeopardize her life.


celebrities who have welcomed children via surrogate








































10 Photos »


/n