the flick is likely to be more intense than the others. Deeley's hot-stuff boyfriend, Jack Huston, plays the movie's Royce King II, love interest of Rosalie Hale (Nikki Reed) before she was turned into a vampire. "He went and .../n
New Moon doesn't hit theaters until Nov. 20, but the red carpet will be rolled out four days prior for its star-studded world premiere.Robert Pattinson, Kristen Stewart, Taylor Lautner and many others are expected at the invite-only event Nov. 16. Just as Summit did with Twilight’s premiere, there will be two screenings happening simultaneously at the Mann Village and Bruin Theatres in the Westwood neighborhood of L.A.No Twi-fans have been spotted camping out in front of the theaters just yet, but why do we have a feeling that'll start happening sooner than later?Meanwhile, we got some more deets on director David Slade taking a dark turn with Eclipse, the third installment of the Twilight franchise...

So You Think You Can Dance host Cat Deeley isn't in Eclipse, but ya gotta trust her when she says the flick is likely to be more intense than the others.Deeley's hot-stuff boyfriend, Jack Huston, plays the movie's Royce King II, love interest of Rosalie Hale (Nikki Reed) before she was turned into a vampire."He went and did his filming, and he loved it," Deeley told me the other night at Elle's Women in Hollywood event in Beverly Hills. "I think the film is going to be really good."And really dark."It's actually going to be quite dark," Deeley said. "With David Slade as director taking something that's typically for teens, spinning it on its head while still being true to the books and still drawing in the teen audience—but making it dark? That's what makes it interesting."And Deeley says she's looking forward to Huston getting more attention. "I think I've had my time, so let him have his," she said, smiling. "I can't wait for somebody else to have it."Even if Huston doesn't play a bloodsucker, Deeley said that doesn't keep her imagination from running a bit wilder these days."I haven't seen pointy teeth or anything," she joked, "but he does come alive after dark."Let's hope the same is true for Pattinson & Co. at the premiere!
/n