‘Survivor: Philippines’ Cast Announced, Includes Pro Baseball Player, ‘Facts of Life’ Star  (VIDEO)/n





                    'Survivor: One World'
                







Meet the cast of 'Survivor: One World.'

 MORE >>










                    Producer Deceived Kids
                







Survivor producer deceives his kids about their mom's death.

 MORE >>





CBS’ Survivor is back and the network has just announced 15 of the 18 contestants who will compete on the 25th season of the intense reality show.
The three as-yet-announced castaways will be former Survivor contestants who had to leave their seasons for medical reasons. Announced later this week, each will be a member of a different team.
Of the 15 castaways announced for Survivor: Philippines, there are some big names including former most valuable National League Baseball player, Jeff Kent who played for the San Francisco Giants and Facts of Life star Lisa Whelchel who famously played the wealthy Blair Warner.
What did these famous folks have to say about their turn on the island? Who else will be joining them?

In an interview with Entertainment Weekly, Whelchel admitted she full out campaigned for the show after being a longtime fan. As for whether or not she had fun?
She wrote on her personal website “I don’t think ‘fun’ is the word I would use to describe my experience. Those days on the island were the hardest thing I’ve ever done in my life. It pushed me to my extreme limits physically, mentally, spiritually, and especially, emotionally. I’m so very grateful for the opportunity and I’m so glad I did it but I think it’s like childbirth.”


The CAST OF 'SURVIVOR: one world'








































19 Photos »


Kent was also a huge fan of the show and is hoping that the other castaways may not be aware of his former MVP status. “You know, there are not many tall white guys with mustaches walking around still these days. I’m hoping my reputation’s not big enough that these people know who I am.”
The Emmy-award winning show’s format will also name each of the three tribes after animals in the region: Kalabaw (“Water Buffalo”), Tandang (“Rooster”) and Matsing (“Monkey”) for the first time in eight years.
The Kalabaw team will feature Kent and insurance sales agent Sarah Dawson Freberg, former Miss Delaware Katie Hanson, cosmetologist Dana Lambert, and track coach Carter Williams.


the castaways of 'survivor: south pacific'








































17 Photos »


The Tandang team will include Whelchel in addition to business student Abi Maria Gomes, investment banker Roberta Saint-Amour, computer engineer Artis Silvester, and engineering graduate Peter Yurkowski.
The Matsing team has bartender Malcolm Freberg, tire repairman Zane Knight, former Miss Utah Teen Angie Layton, seminary student Roxanne Morris, and sex therapist Denise Stapley.
The cast is in for a tough show as always and will face a lot of water-based challenges given their location.
To learn more about the cast, watch the video above.
Survivor: Philippines premieres Wednesday, Sept. 19 at 8 PM with a special 90-minute episode on CBS.
Which team are you rooting for? Who would you like the returning members to be? Tell us in the comments section below.

brightcove.createExperiences();

 

brightcove.createExperiences();

 
/n