'Crazy' & Chaotic! Inside Vicki Gunvalson's Scary Health Crisis In Iceland/n
The Real Housewives of Orange County took a trip to Iceland, and RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal that their trip didn’t go according to plain!
Vicki Gunvalson revealed that she had to be hospitalized in the Nordic country, and Lydia McLaughlin told Radar what happened when she took her friend to the emergency room.
“Vicki goes to the hospital and she doesn’t want to go but 911 was called and they don’t mess around with that,” the mom-of-three said.
PHOTOS: Woo, Hoo! ‘Real Housewives of Orange County’ Star Vicki Gunvalson’s 15 Top Secrets & Scandals
“And it is crazy,” she continued. “People are crying. We don’t know what happened. Is she going to get admitted? We spend the whole night — I end up accompanying her to the hospital.”
“I don’t know if you’ve ever been to an Icelandic hospital, the ER in the middle of the night, but it is not something you want to do,” she added. “So it wasn’t the greatest experience of my life.”
But of course, Gunvalson, 55, ended up being okay.
“Vicki is walking and she’s talking so we know that it’s a happy ending to the story,” McLaughhlin, 37, said. “Vicki always kids that for her to leave the show you’ll have to kill her off!”
PHOTOS: Un-Real! Vicki Gunvalson Fights Back Against ‘RHOC’ Cast’s ‘Ridiculous Lies’ — The Truth About Brooks Ayers’ Cancer & More
McLaughlin also teased that Meghan King Edmonds brought her daughter Aspen for the trip as well, saying: “It’s a girls trip! Why wouldn’t you want to bring your little girl?”
The Nobleman Magazine maven previously revealed explosive season 12 secrets ahead of the premiere by telling fans on Twitter that her mom Judy Stirling would be reappearing as well, and that she yelled at newcomer Peggy Sulahian in the trailer.
Stay with Radar for more.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n