The Vampire Diaries Finale Will Give You Steroline Closure, Reveal Bonnie's Fate One word for you, Vampire Diaries fans: Steroline. There is a Steroline development coming in the TVD season seven finale that will give the relationship b.../n
One word for you, Vampire Diaries fans: Steroline.There is a Steroline development coming in the TVD season seven finale that will give the relationship between Stefan (Paul Wesley) and Caroline (Candice King) some closure—something that they didn't really get before Stefan decided to go on the run with Valerie for a few years and Caroline went and fell in love with Alaric (Matt Davis) after magically having his children. (Just another day in Mystic Falls!)E! News spoke with TVD creator Julie Plec ahead of the season seven finale, and she promised that, by the end of the episode, we will have an answer either way about which man Caroline will choose."Definitely by the time the finale is over we'll have a clear sense of the future—or lack thereof—for Alaric and Caroline, for Stefan and Caroline," she dishes to us. "I can't say much more without giving something away accidentally. There won't be a lot left to question when it's all over."

We'll also find out if the group can sever Bonnie's (Kat Graham) tie with the ancient Everlasting, which is causing her to be consumed with bloodlust to kill all vampires. So, like, all of her closest friends—including her boyfriend, Enzo (Michael Malarkey), and her BFF, Damon (Ian Somerhalder)."As we saw, no matter how much she wants to fight it she can't," Plec says. "My God, the speech that Damon gives to her [last week]. That would have stopped me from killing him, and so if that couldn't stop her then I don't think anything's going to be able to."Bonnie's relationships with both men have been interesting to watch throughout the course of this season—they're equally passionate, but only one of them is romantic."I love that triangle because it's a twist on a triangle in that one side of it is platonic, but incredibly passionately platonic. There's a lot of deep connection there, a lot of love and frustration and pain in the friendship between Damon and Bonnie, and it's very fraught with a lot of things," Plec says.

She continues, "It's just trying to keep those two people who clearly care for each other but ignite such emotion in each other, and keep that balanced by this very strong, powerful, and pure love story that's brewing between Enzo and Bonnie. It's been really fun."As tonight's finale begins, the group has "a laundry list of things they need to accomplish," Plec says. "The first and most important is getting inside the armory. The problem with that is, of course, Bonnie sealed it shut and Bonnie is no longer mystically available to open it back up, so they have to figure out how to cross that hurdle first."But wait, there's more! "Then as we saw, it's not a pretty sight in there, and we've got enough teases from what we've caught glimpses of that whatever's in there is not kind, nor compassionate."So their goal? "First getting it open, and then surviving--getting into the bowels of it in search of this Everlasting that they need to destroy. It's not going to be an easy task."The Vampire Diaries finale airs Friday at 8 p.m. on the CW. The show has already been renewed for an eighth season.
/n