 Should Jodie Be Worried? Foster's New Wife Alexander Hedison Is STILL Talking To Her Ex!.../n
Jodie Foster is in the midst of wedded bliss, but that dream could turn into her worst nightmare if she knew she wasn’t the only woman in her new wife’s life.
RadarOnline.com has learned that the Oscar-winner’s photographer other half Alexandra Hedison is still in touch with one of her longtime loves.
So just who is this other woman? Prominent Los Angeles divorce attorney Joy Stanley, a source tells Radar.
“They are still close and speak with each other often,” said the source.
PHOTOS: Jodie Foster Reunites With Ex-Partner – For Coffee
Hedison actually met Stanley after one of the darkest periods in her life. As was widely reported at the time, Hedison’s first high profile relationship was with Ellen DeGeneres, who dated The L-Word actress for four years until their sudden split in 2004, which reportedly occurred shortly after the comedienne-on-the-rise hooked up with Portia de Rossi.
In fact, Hedison was so distraught by the break-up that there was even talk that she had considered taking DeGeneres to court to demand palimony and suing her stunning new lover, de Rossi, for maliciously interfering and, in essence, stealing the comedienne from her (aka “alienation of affection”), leading to the end of their relationship.
It took a year and a half to heal from the heartbreak, and in 2006, Hedison met Stanley – her first relationship after DeGeneres. But this was no rebound. The couple was very serious and dated for two years.
PHOTOS: Hollywood’s Gay & Bisexual Community
“They had a long-term relationship. But not many people know that,” added the source. “They kept it out of the press.”
But that’s not Hedison’s only secret.
Online chatter indicates when Hollywood’s pearly gates opened for her in 1996, the tables were turned and she was the one who abruptly called it off with her longtime girlfriend, who was an agent at ICM, for bigger and better.
“It’s an accurate assessment. I do think there’s a pattern of trying to get ahead,” added another source. “At least, there has been in the past.”
Well, she struck Tinseltown gold with the double Oscar winner.
PHOTOS: Jodie Foster Selling Los Angeles Estate, Asking $5.75 Million
Foster, who after years of speculation essentially came out for the first time in a now-legendary 2013 Golden Globes acceptance speech, married the 44-year-old director in a hush hush ceremony last month — six years after her 15-year relationship with movie producer Cydney Bernard came to an end.
And the 51-year-old is proving that she’s willing to do anything for her lady love despite her troubled past. That includes changing her lifestyle by ditching the booze and attending support meetings to show Hedison, a recovering alcoholic, that the newlyweds are in it together.
“She’s finally found the woman of her dreams,” the source told Star, ”so giving up alcohol was nothing for her.”
“Alex wants Jodie to be sober for at least a year before they tie the knot and then it’s full-speed ahead with the nuptials. They’re crazy in love.” /n