Pepsi Defends Kendall Jenner as Backlash Erupts Over Their Latest Commercial/n





                    Kendall Jenner's Home, Robbed
                







Oh no!

 MORE >>





Kendall Jenner and Pepsi faced severe social media scrutiny on Tuesday (Apr. 4, 2017) after the brand’ s latest commercial fell flat in its attempt to inspire social advocacy.

In the commercial, Jenner is modeling in a photo shoot while a peaceful protest is passing by. She is inspired by a young man to abandon her blonde wig and her gig to join the cause. The protestors approach a line of police officers, who are standing in a straight line at the end of the street. Jenner emerges from the crowd and offers one of the officers a can of Pepsi. The officer takes a sip of the soft drink and the crowd breaks out into a fit of joyful cheering.

Audiences criticized Pepsi and the commercial for appropriating a racial protest movement to sell soda and for inappropriately referencing the powerful image of Ieshia Evans (below) that stemmed from the Black Lives Matter movement.


I'm boycotting all @Pepsi products until they apologize for this blasphemy. Here's a list of their brands: https://t.co/9Rf91nLVyX pic.twitter.com/HsvUvj27Bl
— Charles M. Blow (@CharlesMBlow) April 5, 2017



Kudos to Pepsi for uniting Americans across the political spectrum in derisive brand-destroying laughter
— David Burge (@iowahawkblog) April 5, 2017



who else is reminded of Dr Martin Luther King's famously resonant "I have a Pepsi" speech pic.twitter.com/xX5h3it3d1
— Scott Ludlam (@SenatorLudlam) April 4, 2017

Pepsi released a statement in response to the criticism surrounding the ad.
“This is a global ad that reflects people from different walks of life coming together in a spirit of harmony, and we think that’s an important message to convey,” said the brand.
Earlier, the company said in a statement to Teen Vogue, “The creative showcases a moment of unity, and a point where multiple storylines converge in the final advert. It depicts various groups of people embracing a spontaneous moment, and showcasing Pepsi’s brand rallying cry to ‘Live For Now,’ in an exploration of what that truly means to live life unbounded, unfiltered and uninhibited.”
/n