Amy Schumer Drops Out of ‘Barbie’ Movie/n





                    Amy Schumer Buys Back the Farm Her Family Lost When They Went Bankrupt
                







Amy Schumer is living the American dream!

 MORE >>










                    Amy Schumer's Boyfriend Gave Her a Great Excuse to Stop Giving Him Oral Sex
                







You snooze, you lose. 

 MORE >>





Bye bye, Barbie.

Almost four months after it was announced that Amy Schumer will play the titular character in Sony’s live-action Barbie movie, the comedienne has backed out of the project based on the iconic doll.
“Sadly, I’m no longer able to commit to Barbie due to scheduling conflicts,” she said in a statement to The Hollywood Reporter on Thursday (March 24, 2017). “The film has so much promise, and Sony and Mattel have been great partners. I’m bummed, but look forward to seeing Barbie on the big screen.”
Mattel and producers Walter F. Parkes, Laurie MacDonald and Amy Pascal are said to be still on board, though the film is currently without a director.



A post shared by @amyschumer on Dec 6, 2016 at 12:10pm PST



Last December, Schumer hit back at haters who tried to body-shame her following the casting news. “I am strong and proud of how I live my life and say what I mean and fight for what I believe in and I have a blast doing it with the people I love. Where’s the shame? It’s not there. It’s an illusion,” she wrote alongside an Instagram photo of herself in a swimsuit.
“It’s that kind of response that let’s you know something’s wrong with our culture and we all need to work together to change it,” the Trainwreck star continued, referencing the backlash she’s received. “Anyone who has ever been bullied or felt bad about yourself I am out there fighting for you, for us.”
As previously reported, the adaptation will be a fish-out-of-water tale in which Barbie is cast out of Barbieland because she’s not perfect enough. While struggling through the real world, the famous character discovers that true beauty comes from within.
Sony has since pushed back its release date to June 29, 2018.


why Amy Schumer Is Our Heroic Goddess of Comedy








































35 Photos »


/n