 'There's No Forgiving!' Teresa Confronts Joe Over DISTURBING Cheating Rumors On 'RHONJ'.../n
Melissa Gorga said things would be changing in Jersey — and on this week’s episode, she was wrong!
Gorga, 37, finally opened up her boutique this week — but it’s her sister-in-law Teresa Giudice that had everyone in Jersey talking.
More reports came out that the 44-year-old was leaving her husband, Joe, and she confides in her lawyer on the way to record her audiobook that she doesn’t know how the rumors started.
“Yeah, I have old school values,” she admitted in her interview. “But I’m not gonna stay together if I’m not happy.”
“We are together,” she affirmed. “We’re happily married.”
But, Siggy Flicker, 43, made it her mission to get the truth!
She met Giuduice’s frenemy Jacqueline Laurita, 46, for lunch — and asked for advice on how to ask Giudice.
“Why shouldn’t I ask what I’m thinking?” the relationship expert asked in her interview.
Laurita responded that Giudice got “offended” when she had asked her in the past, and told Flicker to “ease into” asking her any questions.
Flicker then took her daughter Sophie, 13, to go rock climbing with Giudice and her daughter Gabriella, 10. While their daughters scale the walls together, Flicker finally confronts her about the rumors.
PHOTOS: Busted? Joe Giudice’s Suspected Cheating History — Teresa Betrayed In 15 Photos, See The Women He’s Believed To Have Been With
“I like to cut the bulls**t and get to the point,” she explains, before asking Giudice if the rumors are true.
Flicker said Laurita gave her advice on how to ask, and Giudice responded by asking what Laurita had to say. When Flicker admitted Laurita thought the rumors weren’t true, Giudice was relieved. She then confessed in her interview that she was glad she was giving her a second chance.
Dolores Catania and her daughter Gabrielle, 20, met the girls shortly after, simply to discuss what to wear to the Envy by MG opening.
Giudice admitted she would be wearing pants to cover up her ankle monitor — despite the fact that she wore skinny jeans and wedges to go rock climbing.
Giudice and Gorga are finally getting along after their tumultuous history — and Giudice was genuinely excited to support Gorga’s store opening.
However, her younger brother (and Gorga’s husband) Joe wasn’t nearly as excited. He could hardly control his kids while his wife was busy working, and made comments that when they got married “this wasn’t the contract [he] signed.”
PHOTOS: ‘RHONJ’ War! Teresa & Melissa Not Invited To Jacqueline’s B-Day Party
“I love hanging with my kids, but taking care of my kids is a whole different animal,” he explained in his interview.
Their kids seemed to agree, as their daughter Antonia repeatedly yelled for her mom to come.
Joe finally came around while they were on their way to the Envy opening, and Melissa cried to him about how she wished her dad could be around for the moment. He finally comforted her, and the party got off to a great start.
But, when they arrived, Joe immediately took credit for building the store and asked partygoers if they liked his work. He later half apologized to his wife, telling her that she was the best wife a man could ask for.
PHOTOS: Scandalous To The End! The 10 Biggest Controversies Of Teresa Giudice’s Final Weeks Of Freedom
Regardless, everyone began to arrive — and got ready to see Joe Giudice for the first time in a while. Chris Laurita was especially excited, and was disappointed when Gia, 15, arrived with her mom.
Giudice explained that her husband was at his grandmother’s 82nd birthday party, and Laurita asked if he could make plans with him in the future. Giudice said it would be a great idea — but dropped the plan for the time being.
His stepdaughter Ashlee Holmes didn’t seem to buy Giudice’s act, saying in her interview that “Teresa 2.0 is a publicity stunt. The mask falls off eventually.”
But Laurita didn’t seem to think the same way, and called Giudice after the party — interrupting a bombshell moment between the Giudices.
Joe and Teresa are finally bonding away from their kids, as Teresa clipped Joe’s nails.
PHOTOS: Teresa’s Nightmare! Joe Giudice’s Strip Club Vixen Identified — The Other Woman Revealed In 13 R-Rated Photos
When Teresa asked how he got by without her, he confessed that their daughter Milania shaved his back since “she does everything!”
Then, Teresa brought up the reports that they were separating — and Joe couldn’t have looked any more uncomfortable!
“If you cheated on me, there’s no forgiving,” she affirmed. “You know that, right?”
Her husband nodded and mumbled yes, and Teresa was quick to change the subject.
Do you think the Giudices will divorce? Tell us in the comments! /n