returning for multiple episodes, executive producers Adam Horowitz and Edward Kitsis have promised that the show will be exploring an LGBT relationship in earnest in the upcoming season. We were on hand as the pair spoke to reporters after a.../n
Season five of Once Upon a Time is poised to be a lot more inclusive.Following E! News' exclusive reveal that Mulan (Jamie Chung) would be returning for multiple episodes, executive producers Adam Horowitz and Edward Kitsis have promised that the show will be exploring an LGBT relationship in earnest in the upcoming season.We were on hand as the pair spoke to reporters after a screening of the season premiere, where they were asked whether the show would use Chung's return to further explore Mulan's feelings for Aurora (Sarah Bolger)—feelings that were only hinted at back in season three. "We know that community have been big supporters of the show and we would love to be able to tell a love story that reflects that," Kitsis said.

"We want the show to reflect the world as it is now," Horowitz added. "Whether that's going to be with any particular character, we're not going to say."Kitsis cut in: "But it is something that we're going to do this year." (That sound you hear? A thousand shippers squealing in delight!)"It's something we want to do this year," Horowitz continued. "It's something we think is due and important to do on the show. This is the world we live in."The two refused to hint at which characters would be involved in the romance, and, while the safe bet seems to be a coupling involving Mulan, the show is poised to introduce viewers to a crop of new characters from Camelot. The possibilities are plentiful!Should our hunch be right and Mulan find herself on the receiving end of some lovin', Chung might be as excited as fans themselves. Following her last OUAT appearance, she once admitted to E! News that, if AND when fans saw her again, she was ready for a full-blown romance to "sink [her] teeth into with that character."Once Upon a Time returns on Sunday, Sept. 27 at 8 p.m.

PHOTOS: Click here for scoop on the premieres of all your favorite shows!
/n