Kelly Rowland Talks All About Her Pregnancy! Cravings, Staying Fit, & Beauty! Oh My!/n


If you weren't already in love with Kelly Rowland, then you're about to be!
The singer is ready to have her first baby, and talked all about it in her bumpin' feature in Elle magazine!
Luckily for us, she talked about everything from staying in shape while pregnant to the new beauty products she's using to what foods she can't get enough of!
[ Photos: Celebrities On The Verge Of Giving Birth! ]t
Here are some HIGHlights! 
On what part of motherhood she's looking forward to: I can't wait until he gets here. I just have a couple more weeks. I'm excited to bring a child into the world, and sharing that experience with my husband is probably the most beautiful part.
On staying fit: Everybody always tells you to go crazy with food, and you can eat whatever you want. It's fine to have your cravings but I wanted an easier delivery. All the women that I've talked to, that have worked out, have such an easy and speedy delivery. Exercise really helps that. And I like being able to have peaceful sleep at night, though there's no such thing as that now in the last trimester [laughs]. To be honest, I did modify my exercise routine a bit by just listening to my body. I would tell my trainer [Jeanette Jenkins] "This move doesn't feel right," and we'd modify it. I still walk two miles everyday. I still work out. It's important to me.
On her cravings: I love cherry pie and chocolate ice cream with peanut butter mixed in it. And I had a week straight where I was obsessed with nachos.
On her beauty routine: I've switched out anything with harsh chemicals. I use nothing but shea butter, pure cocoa butter and coconut oil. It's amazing how all of those things work so well for my skin. I'm going to continue to just use those after the baby gets here.
Someone should give Kelly a book deal after this because we think she's got some good tricks up her sleeve!
We can't wait to meet the baby!
[Image via Elle Magazine.]
/n