Scheana Marie Gets Revenge Spin-Off Amid ‘VPR’ Cast Feud & Nasty Divorce/n
Scheana Marie is ready to leave her nasty costars behind at SUR for her own spin-off, RadarOnline.com has learned.
The Vanderpump Rules star confirmed to The Daily Dish that her “digital talk show” — appropriately titled Scheananigans — is set to launch later this month on AfterBuzz TV.
“I will be able to say all of the things I didn’t get to say and explain myself better, because you can’t obviously see every single conversation we have,” she explained, noting that Maria Menounos and fiancé Kevin Undergaro will be producing.
“I don’t want to have a specific theme to it,” she added. “I just want every episode to be different and fun and whatever the guest wants to promote or talk about.”
PHOTOS: ‘Vanderpump Rules’ Star Scheana Shay Sizzles In Her Bikini
“Obviously, we’ll be recapping the end of Vanderpump Rules,” she noted. “And at the end of each episode, I want to have a little game, like a Would You Rather or a Never Have I Ever. Just something, shenanigans and fun.”
“I’m really excited. It’s something that I’ve always wanted to do. I want to get into hosting. And I studied broadcast journalism, radio, and TV production, so kind of combining all of that into my own show is really exciting.”
Marie, 31, revealed that she would recruit actor Quinton Aaron to be her first guest, as “he has worked with Rob [Valletta] in acting and he’s known [Mike] Shay as a friend.”
Radar exclusively reported that the aspiring talk show host rekindled her relationship with Valletta, 35, shortly after filing for divorce from Shay, 29, in November.
PHOTOS: Lisa Vanderpump Uncovers Shocking Reason She’s ‘Upset’ With Costar Scheana Shay
She has been leaning on her boyfriend during her fight with frenemies Stassi Schroeder, Kristen Doute and Katie Maloney.
The Vanderpump Rules feud began when Marie she was spotted hanging out with Lala Kent. Kent was on the outs with the female members of the cast for allegedly fat-shaming them on social media during the off-season.
Do you think the star will slam her costars on her show? Sound off in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n