Breaking News: Judge Issues Bombshell Ruling In Prince Love Child Battle/n
The judge presiding over Prince‘s messy estate case has issued an order that officially rules out dozens of people claiming to be the singer’s heirs, RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal.
The documents, which serve as a declaration to all of the alleged heirs, were filed on Friday in Minnesota and obtained by Radar. Citing past precedent, Judge Kevin W. Eide ultimately ruled out all types of Prince’s prospective relatives as potential heirs.
As Radar previously reported, several people have claimed to be one of the musicians long-lost children. But none, according to the document, are getting a piece of the $300 million estate as of now.
PHOTOS: Shocking! Prince Spotted Just Four Days Before He Died
“The following persons claiming to be a child of the Decedent are excluded as heirs of the Decedent’s estate as a matter of law: CHILD 1, CHILD 2, CHILD 3, CHILD 4 and CHILD 5,” the paperwork, exclusively obtained by Radar, states.
Out of the five alleged love children, which are unnamed, one still has a chance — granted he or she provides sufficient evidence.
“As CHILD 1 is not able to meet the clear and convincing standard for proving that he is an heir of the Decedent, the Court determines as a matter of law that CHILD 1 is not an heir of the Decedent’s estate,” the court filing reads. “If CHILD 1 is able to provide further proof of the adoption, the Court may reconsider this Order.”
At the same time, the judge has also shut down the efforts of people claiming to be heirs under the controversial notion that someone other than John L. Nelson fathered Prince.
PHOTOS: ‘He Was In Bad Shape’ — Inside Prince’s Struggle With Deadly AIDS
As Radar also exclusively reported, Darcell Gresham Johnston claims that the pop icon was son to her father, Loyal James Gresham Jr., and therefore her long lost brother.
Although Johnston filed an objection to the ruling several weeks ago when the Special Administrator initially rejected the story, court officials have now dismissed the shocking claim.
Also cast out is Roskco Motes, a man claiming that Haywood Nelson Sr. is Prince’s real father. Not long after the alleged heir attempted to lay his claim, Radar revealed that his own family said he was lying.
PHOTOS: Seizures, Chronic Pain & Wasting Away: Inside Prince’s Final Days Amid AIDS Bombshell
“Haywood Sr. made it known that he was not Prince Rogers Nelson’s father, and Roskco Motes has been told this,” Motes’ stepmother, Maxine Nelson, told Radar last month.
The handful of people claiming to be related to Prince by way of his grandfather, Clarence Nelson, have also been banned from the court.
“…A person claiming to be an heir of the Decedent who has a lower priority than a sibling or a half-sibling would be excluded as an heir as a matter of law,” the document says. “Therefore, April Seward, Martha Samuels, James Womack, Priscilla Williams, Lorraine Huddleston, Dana Nettles, Jonette Carter, Michael Samuels, Nicole White, Michael Darling, Mia Dragojevich, Claire Boyd and Maurice Soledad are excluded as heirs of the Decedent’s Estate as a matter of law.”
Barely making the cut, Prince’s alleged nieces Brianna and Victoria Nelson did provide enough proof to sway the court-appointed Special Administrator to grant them genetic testing. The results of that test will be forthcoming.
Also as a part of this order, no one will be allowed to file any more claims or objections.
“As to the applicants who are hereby excluded as an heir of the Decedent as a matter of law, this Order shall be deemed a final determination on the merits of their claims,” the court papers state.
Story developing. /n