Yes, Really: Chris Brown Brawls Again…with Frank Ocean (VIDEO)/n





                    Frank Ocean Comes Out
                







The Odd Future hip-hop artist admits his first love was a man.

 MORE >>





Chris Brown has his fists up yet again.
The Grammy-winning singer is being investigated following an alleged brawl with fellow R&B singer Frank Ocean outside of a Los Angeles-area recording studio Sunday night, according to the Associated Press.
After responding to a report of six men fighting, authorities found an almost-empty scene at the Westlake Recording Studio in West Hollywood, Calif. Though Brown had left the locale, Ocean stayed to speak with the deputies, according to TMZ. Witnesses said that the brief bout was over a parking space and that Brown threw the first punch.
 

Top 10 Celebrity Fights








































10 Photos »



“At this point an arrest is not likely, and he will not be charged for leaving the scene,” Steve Whitmore, the senior media advisor for the Los Angeles County Sheriff, told Celebuzz. “A minor scuffle happened. Battery is unwanted touch and a misdemeanor. We are currently investigating what happened.”
While officials have not identified the victim, it seems Ocean was the man on the receiving end of Brown’s alleged assault.
“got jumped by chris and a couple guys. lol,” Ocean wrote following the fray, adding he wishes Everett, his Bernese mountain dog, had been by his side. “cut my finger now I can’t play w two hands at the grammys.”
At the upcoming awards show, Ocean will vie for six awards for his Channel Orange.
 

Grammys 2013: 7 Biggest Snubs








































7 Photos »



This isn’t the first time Brown — who is still on probation for the 2009 assault on his then-girlfriend Rihanna — has exchanged blows with Ocean. On Twitter last summer, Brown compared Ocean to “a young James Fauntleroy or Kevin Cossum,” triggering the “Thinkin’ Bout You” singer to bite back by equating Brown to “a young sisqo or ike turner” and explaining he “don’t like underhanded comments.”
The war of words quickly escalated, with Brown spewing expletives as Ocean’s Odd Future collaborator Tyler, The Creator jumping to his friend’s defense.
Sound off: Do you think Brown is out of control? Tell us below.
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n