Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Fire Longtime Bodyguard Pascal Duvier/n





                    Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Meet with Alton Sterling's Son at Saint Pablo Tour Concert
                







Kim Kardashian and Kanye West made Cameron Sterling's sixteenth birthday a little sweeter

 MORE >>





It’s been a month since Kim Kardashian’s terrifying armed robbery in Paris, and she and husband Kanye West have made some major changes to their security detail.

ET reports that Kardashian and West have recently decided to let go of several of their longtime security personnel, including their main bodyguard Pascal Duvier. Sources close to the couple say the decision was a tough one to make, but one they felt was necessary. “It’s a pretty tough situation overall and they love Pascal, but they couldn’t take any more chances.”


	Kim Kardashian's Bodyguard: Who Is Pascal Duvier?








































6 Photos »


Pascal was working with Kardashian last month in Paris and was with the mother-of-two just hours before the robbery happened. Unfortunately, Kardashian reportedly agreed to let Duvier accompany her sisters, Kourtney Kardashian and Kendall Jenner, to a night club, as she planned to turn in for the night.
Despite heavy media criticism and speculation, Kardashian reportedly never blamed Duvier for the robbery, knowing that even if he was there he would’ve been outnumbered and probably weaponless. Duvier returned to Kardashian’s Paris apartment just minutes after the robbers left, after having received a call from Kardashian’s friend who was also in the apartment.
Duvier went on to escort Kardashian back stateside and continued to work with the family for a few weeks before ultimately being let go.
Despite the major changes in her security detail, Kardashian has slowly begun to step back into her public lifestyle.  She was spotted last week attending all of West’s California concerts and even celebrated Jenner’s 21st birthday with her family and friends at LA hotspots Catch and Delilah.


Kim Kardashian Arrives in New York After Being Robbed at Gunpoint in Paris








































10 Photos »


/n