Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson Praises 10-Year-Old Boy Who Saved His Brother's Life Using Move From The Actor's Movie/n

Life imitating art…
In July, 10-year-old Jacob O'Connor was sitting on his grandma's couch when he noticed the house's screen doors were open. When the Detroit-native looked outside, he saw his 2-year-old brother Dylan face down in the pool.
Related: Let's Talk About The Rock's Silver Beard!
Almost immediately, Jacob rushed into action. He told WXYZ 7 News:

"I pulled him out and started giving him compressions."
But where did he learn to perform the emergency procedure?? From Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson's 2015 film San Andreas.

"There was an earthquake, then it caused a tsunami and then there was a daughter that was drowning and he had to get her out and he did the same thing."
After Jacob alerted his grandma Ellen Vial, Dylan — who was face down for about a minute — was immediately taken to the hospital. Ellen recalls:

"I looked in his eyes and his eyes were up in his head and not focused and that's what really scared me."
When mom Christa was notified, she was left in limbo regarding her son's health:

"The first few hours at the hospital were the worst because they weren't sure if he was going to fully recover… They couldn't tell me he's going to be okay."
Luckily, the young boy was only hospitalized for a day, and even tried to go back to the pool the next day.
On Thursday, The Rock found out about Jacob's story and praised him for being a "real life hero." The movie star wrote on Twitter: 

Wow amazing story. Giving you a Twitter 🙌🏾 Jacob for saving your little brother's life. You're a real life hero. We're all proud of you! DJ https://t.co/M34d2NIYIy
— Dwayne Johnson (@TheRock) August 24, 2017


Thank you media friends for covering such an inspiring story. What a brave (and calm) 10yr old boy in the face of that heightened distress https://t.co/H9zDPRwVje
— Dwayne Johnson (@TheRock) August 24, 2017

Movies can, in fact, save lives!
[Image via WXYZ 7 News/FayesVision/WENN.]
/n