Donald Trump Signs Order To Start The Investigation On Voter Fraud — Because Let's Just Forget About Russia…/n

Donald Trump still can't understand how he got this job.
After plucking off that pesky FBI director James Comey, POTUS is finally able to investigate something that really matters: widespread voter fraud in the country that just elected him President.
On Thursday, Trump signed an executive order launching a commission to review alleged voter fraud and voter suppression in the U.S. election system.
Related: Trump BLASTS Stephen Colbert For His Putin Blow Job Joke!
White House officials say the commission will be lead by Vice President Mike Pence and Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach, who will look at allegations of improper voting and voter registration fraud in states across the nation.
Ha! What a fun little job for the Veep!
Trump has never been silent about the alleged cracks in our election system. He claimed the entire election was "rigged" during his campaign to conjure up  suspicion against Hillary Clinton.
Remember, this was around the time Trump praised the now fired Comey for launching an investigation into Clinton's emails. (But, don't hold POTUS to any of that — this was, like, six months ago!)
Related: Trump Thinks He Invented The Phrase 'Priming The Pump'
Even after his stunning election win, Trump has alleged that 3 to 5 million people voted illegally because, well, how else could Hillary win the popular vote!?
Like most of his promises, POTUS's probe into voter fraud has been delayed for months — until now!
The soon-to-be assembled commission will be composed of Republican and Democrat state election officials and other experts. This crack team will look into the vulnerabilities in the election system and the possibility of improper voting.
All in all, the commission will aim to ensure confidence in the integrity of federal elections and hope to give a peace of mind to all those who are still concerned about this matter — AKA the President and literally no one else.
Here's what government officials and other Twitics had to say about Trump's latest move (below):

Trump just announced a commission to examine voter fraud. The only problem with that is there is virtually no voter fraud in this country.
— Bernie Sanders (@SenSanders) May 11, 2017


again: there is almost no evidence anywhere of widespread voter fraud.
for real: how would that even work? https://t.co/kiODPlvyB6
— Gene Demby (@GeeDee215) May 11, 2017


all of a sudden today, White House announces voter fraud inquiry & cybersecurity exec order they otherwise hadn't talked about for weeks…
— Edward-Isaac Dovere (@IsaacDovere) May 11, 2017


Again, if Russia Donald finds "massive" voter fraud, then there has to be another election..has to be..its precedent. He doesn't want that 3
— Phil Hendrie (@realphilhendrie) May 11, 2017


I understand @POTUS wants different headlines but chasing the Republican myth of voter fraud is a waste of taxpayer$ https://t.co/x5pqeM2aGi
— Senator Ben Cardin (@SenatorCardin) May 11, 2017


Trump doesn't have the power to change the facts. The problem we have in the U.S. isn't one of voter fraud; it’s one of voter participation. pic.twitter.com/3HG0uJGRkV
— ACLU National (@ACLU) May 11, 2017


Friendly reminder: when @nytimes called all states to check voter fraud claims, Kobach was only guy not to respond. https://t.co/RUBOpdSK6q
— Steven Rich (@dataeditor) May 11, 2017


Notice that every time Trump gets in hot water about Russia, he tries to change the subject to voter fraud
— Wendy Weiser (@WendyRWeiser) May 11, 2017


Maybe the Trump voter fraud panel will discover that voter ID laws and gerrymandering are undermining democracy and the right to vote.
— Robert Stribley (@stribs) May 11, 2017

Voter fraud is beyond rare. The @GOP have done all they can through gerrymandering; now it's on to voter suppression
— Gareth Kay (@garethk) May 11, 2017

If it weren't so dangerous, Trump's voter fraud lie would be so funny. Man Who Lost Popular Vote By 2.9M Invents 3M Illegal Voters.
— Daniel Dale (@ddale8) May 11, 2017


A #Trump commission will now investigate non-existent voter fraud. #YourTaxDollars pic.twitter.com/vpSlsoK51B
— Socialist Miyagi (@SocialistMiyagi) May 11, 2017
What a mess!
/n