Miranda Lambert Vows She 'Won't Take Pain For Granted Anymore' AND Straight Up Refuses To Pen A Political Song!/n

Miranda Lambert is letting her music do the talking.
As you may've noticed, the blonde country crooner has done little press for her December released double-album, The Weight of These Wings. That's mainly because, at the time, the Vice singer wasn't ready to get emotional about her failed marriage to Blake Shelton — especially since she already did that in the LP itself.
Video: Cara's Music Video Debut Will Make You Feel Everything
Miranda chose to release The Weight of These Wings with little to no media attention after she shut down a prerelease interview with a journalist who asked about her divorce. On that decision, the hitmaker recently explained to Billboard: 
"I just didn't need to talk about the record. If you want to hear my side of the story or my opinion of what happened, it's all on there. There's no mystery anymore — take from it what you will."
And, boy, is she right! Unsurprisingly, Vice has stood out on the album for its raw power. This likely has something to do with the fact that the 33-year-old wrote the track on the day her divorce news hit the internet. Lambert dished:
"I walked in with guns blazing. I just knew one thing: I didn't want a breakup record… I was like, ‘Let's feel it all.' I was ready to have the days where I can't even stand up and the days where I'm celebrating."
YAS, kween.
Despite being one of the country scene's biggest stars, the Texas native has found her success by being different than the typical country starlet. On her career post-Shelton, the songstress quipped:

"I'm not going to try to fit in, but I'm not trying to be an outlaw — I'm just trying to do me. And if that's carving my own path or making my own lane, then I'll do that."
Hear! Hear! Still, it seems as though Miranda has learned a thing or two post her public heartbreak, as she relayed:

"I'm more known for my fiery personality and my confidence, but that's not me all the time. I won't look at things ever again in the same light, because different things in your life bring you to a deeper level with yourself. I won't take pain for granted anymore."
But the Over You artist is certainly getting her groove back as she spends her days in Nashville surrounded by pals. And, trust us, she does NOT miss her Oklahoma days with The Voice judge. Miranda honestly stated:

"I lived in a small town in Oklahoma. I remember I had to write a song for a Dodge RAM commercial. It was hard. I barely got it out, and I was like, ‘Man, I need some fuel. I have to go fall in love with it again.' So Nashville does that for me."
Partying aside, Miranda couldn't be more focused on her career and hopes other female artists find their success in the industry. After noting that men dominating country radio "is just a phase," the Nashville Star alum added:

"I think there was a time [for women] before, and there will be again, and that doesn't stop any of us. I love country radio when they all play me, and when they don't, I think that sucks."
You tell 'em, girl! Although, Miranda doesn't really care what radio thinks anymore as everyone is streaming everything these days. In fact, all Lambert cares about is holding the door "open for the girls coming behind [her]."
Shockingly, with all her badassery, the Pistol Annies member has zero plans to get political. Even though she has a platform to make a difference, Miranda shared:

"I am a 100 percent believer in not ever using the platform that I've built for anything other than music, because music to me is an escape from your own reality. I don't want to go to a show and hear somebody preach about their opinions… It's so divided [in politics], you can't win anyway — and what are you winning? For someone to agree with you, and now you've spoken your piece and pissed off many other people, just for one person to go, ‘She's right'? It doesn't do any good."
Well, that's a tad disappointing. Then again, not everyone can be Katy Perry and her purposeful pop!
Keep doing you, Miranda. Know that we're rooting for you!
[Image via Billboard.]
/n