Madonna's Nasty Letter Isn't To Me, Singer's Ex Lover Claims/n
Madonna’s former lover, John Enos, is slamming the ladies on The Talk, who claim a letter Madonna wrote slamming Whitney Houston and Sharon Stone was meant for him.
Enos told RadarOnline.com exclusively that the letter from the Material Girl that is being auctioned off was in no way intended for him.
The letter says, in part: “It’s so unequivocally frustrating to read that Whitney Houston has the music career I wish I had and Sharon Stone has the film career I’ll never have. Not because I want to be these women, because I’d rather die, but they’re horribly mediocre and they’re always being held up as paragons of virtue or some sort of measuring stick to humiliate me .”
PHOTOS: ‘We Want Her Back!’ Madonna Attacked By Adopted Daughter Mercy’s Biological Family
According to the auction house, Gotta Have Rock and Roll, the handwritten love letter is to Enos, but he claimed to Radar that it could’ve been stolen by someone like Madonna’s former art dealer, Darlene Lutz — who was fired and sued for allegedly failing to pay Madonna hundreds of thousands of dollars she owed her.
He claimed she may have also taken demo tapes and other valuable that belonged to the singer.
Enos told Radar: “This letter was NOT sent to me. It’s addressed to ‘J.’ That could’ve been one of her dancers, for all we know. All I know is every letter I have from every girl is in the safest place possible — in the fire place.”
PHOTOS: Take A Bow! Madonna & Guy Ritchie Reach Custody Agreement For Son Rocco
Madge complained about her situation in the letter, writing: “I have made so many people angry that I’m being punished and basically being made to be quiet and sit in a corner while other less interesting (and) exciting people are reaping the benefits of the road I’ve paved.”
She also wrote that she was “too intelligent” to play the game of being accepted, worried that she’d “lost the fight,” and her outlook on life was “black black black.”
Enos told Radar he was upset about the accusations. “I’d like a good slander attorney. I did not leak or sell this letter, nor was it sent to me. Shame on you Julie Chen!”
The opening bid on Madonna’s letter is $1,000 and it is estimated to sell for as much as $5,000.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n