Tuesday Ten: 10 Ridiculously Awesome Election Day-Themed Products You Can Actually Buy/n





                    Who Your Faves Are Voting for in the 2016 Presidential Election
                







Can they sway your vote?

 MORE >>





Regardless of which side you stand on the aisle, everyone can pretty much agree that the 2016 presidential race has been completely and utterly ridiculous. After what felt like a lifetime of name-calling, leaked emails, and sexual harassment accusations, Election Day has finally arrived and we can all breathe a sigh of relief knowing we’ve finally made it to the voting booth unscathed from this so-called electoral trainwreck

To commemorate the momentous occasion, we’ve rounded up the most ridiculously awesome things you can get to let the world know that you have survived this messy, messy campaign.





1. Trapvilla #HillaryGrayBrim Tee, $35. As seen on Clintonistas like Rihanna and Lena Dunham, this shirt is the perfect way to show that you’re still #WithHer even long after the elections are over.
2. “Make Donald Drumpf Again” Baseball Hat, $15. Earlier this year, Last Week Tonight host John Oliver did a piece on Donald Trump, discovering that the Republican presidential candidate’s ancestors had changed their surname from “Drumpf” to “Trump” to make themselves sound more prestigious. As a response HBO started selling these hats that mock Trump’s campaign motto.
3. Fishs Eddy Hillary Clinton Mug, $13.95. Are you with Hillary Clinton? Start your day off by sipping your coffee — or the tears of Trump supporters — from this statement-making cup.
4. Kanarek “Nasty Woman” Necklace, $350 $175. Ever since Trump infamously labeled his opponent a “nasty woman” during their final presidential debate, many Clinton supporters have adopted the term to call themselves. Anne Hathaway was seen wearing this same sterling silver necklace when she was campaigning for Clinton at a local college. As if reclaiming what Trump’s insult wasn’t sticking it to him enough already, $25 of each sale will be donated to Planned Parenthood.
5. Jonathan Adler Election Socks, $30. Diehard Democrats can now show off their pride with these funky socks. Republicans, they make socks with your colors, too.


Presidential Election 2016: Who Are Your Faves Voting For?








































30 Photos »


6. Vineyard Vines Print Silk Tie, $85. Election Day isn’t a holiday, so dress up for work with a business-ready tie that lets the world know who you’re supporting. Democrats, an elephant one is also available.
7. AHA The Election Collection Donald Trump Poster, $45. We recommend not using charity money when purchasing a portrait of Donald Trump.
8. Puppies Make Me Happy Campaign Sleeveless Shirt, $29.99. #MakeAmericaGreatDanesAgain! The voter turnout would totally be at 100 percent if this were to happen. Nina Dobrev, Scott Eastwood, and Sarah Hyland have all been spotted rocking puppies-inspired swag from this adorable brand!
9. Wildfox Pizza Party Beach Jumper, $98. We may not be able agree on politics, but we can all pretty much agree that pizza is the best thing ever.
10. Henry the Buttonsmith Hillary Clinton/Rosie the Riveter Pin, $7.99. For all those “nasty women” and “bad hombres” out there, this one is for you!


Celebrities Who Aren't Afraid to Bash Donald Trump








































12 Photos »


/n