So Spoiled: Details on Who Damon Serves in Season 8 of ‘The Vampire Diaries’/n





                    WATCH: 'The Walking Dead' Season 7 Trailer Is Here and Boy, Is It Epic
                







You gotta love San Diego Comic-Con for releasing all the great new trailers...

 MORE >>





Dying for some fresh news on your favorite show? We’ve got the cure to what ails you.
We’re just weeks away from countless premieres and the anticipation is overwhelming! As you anxiously await the new episodes, these spoilers should tide you over. There’s some updates on The Walking Dead, The Vampire Dairies, and much more!

Curious what’s in store for Thea on Arrow?
“What we’ve done is we made her Oliver’s chief of staff,” said EP Marc Guggenheim. “Perhaps, to her own surprise, she’s actually really, really good at it. All the skills that she learned by watching her mother for all those years, as well as running Verdant, she’s found very transferrable to City Hall, and in many ways, she’s a much better chief of staff than Oliver is a mayor.” [Entertainment Weekly]

Amped for the FX show Legion? Well, according to EP Bryan Singer, it’s going to tie into the X-Men movies.
“What we are doing right now with Legion and another X-Men series will relate to future X-Men movies, whether it’s Deadpool or X-Men sequels and past ones that I have done,” he revealed. [Daily Mirror]


Paul Wesley, Ian Somerhalder and More at The CW Upfronts 2016








































8 Photos »


You’ve probably noticed Damon wasn’t quite himself when season 7 of The Vampire Diaries wrapped up. He’s under the power of a new villain and although EP Julie Plec wouldn’t reveal who or what that new baddie is, she did offer some details:
“Damon has unfortunately become a little bit of a servant to an evil who has an opinion on what should happen to people who do bad things,” she said. “He’s a little bit of a minion at the moment, and we’ll have to learn who he’s a minion for and why.” [Entertainment Weekly]

Convinced you’ve figured out who died in the season 6 finale of The Walking Dead? Michael Cudlitz, who plays Abraham, is about to toy with your certainty when comparing the graphic novel with the TV show.
“[Denise’s] death spurs on a whole bunch of other stuff, and then the audience knows that Abraham will continue for a while now. Now we get to see what a world with Negan and Abraham both in it will be like. That’s something we don’t see in the graphic novels. So a lot of cool stuff happens.”
Did he just drop a spoiler or is he deliberately messing with us? [Pop Sugar]


‘Walking Dead’: New On-Set Photos Tease Who Survived the Season 6 Finale








































16 Photos »


/n