Taylor Swift Is Waging War Against YouTube Over Copyright Laws/n





                    Taylor Swift Cares About Rich Musicians Than Struggling Photographers
                







It's a good day for Taylor Swift's bank account. 

 MORE >>










                    Taylor Swift Accused of Stealing Artwork to Promote '1989'
                







Taylor Swift just can't seem to shake off these problems. 

 MORE >>





If we’ve learned anything from Taylor Swift, it’s that she’s all about protecting her money artists’ rights.

The “Bad Blood” singer is now one of the many musicians and music labels to have joined a growing petition urging Washington to update the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) that will allow artists to be compensated for their work. Along with U2, Paul McCartney, and even sworn nemesis Katy Perry, Swift is urging Congress to make amendments to the 1998 document that was signed by Bill Clinton to protect copyright laws.
Aiming specifically at YouTube, the petition claims the original law is now useless in light of new technology and argues that companies are making money off music uploaded onto their servers without giving a cut to the people who created the material.


Taylor Swift Performs at the 2016 Grammy Awards








































14 Photos »


“[DMCA] has allowed major tech companies to grow and generate huge profits by creating ease of use for consumers to carry almost every recorded song in history in their pocket via a smartphone, while songwriters’ and artists’ earnings continue to diminish,” the petition reads.
The petition’s organizer, music manager Irving Azoff, also says the old law “threaten[s] the continued viability of songwriters and recording artists to survive.”
Other artists who have been vocal about YouTube profiting off stolen music include Nine Inch Nail frontman Trent Reznor and The Black Keys’ Patrick Carney.
Previously, Swift, who’s staunchly against platforms like Spotify, wrote a lengthy letter to Apple Music to protest their new streaming service, accusing the company for unfairly treating musicians through lack of compensation during its free three-month trial period. Apple responded by revising their policy.


Taylor Swift through the years








































43 Photos »


/n