Prince Harry Says He 'Wanted Out' Of His Royal Duties/n
Prince Harry has given a shocking interview in which he said he once “wanted out” of his royal duties.
As the Daily Mail reports, the Prince contemplated having a life as a commoner but felt he had a duty to his grandmother, Queen Elizabeth.
And now, Harry’s eyebrow-raising comments are making people wonder if he will build a more non-royal life with lover Meghan Markle.
PHOTOS: Watch Out, Meghan! Prince Harry Cozies Up To Rihanna At Barbados Concert
The Prince made it clear when speaking to journalist Angela Levin that he just wasn’t that “into” the thought of being a royal.
Harry, now 32, said he was troubled in his 20s and after leaving the Army he “didn’t want to grow up” and struggled to find out where he fit into the royal family duties.
With his dad Prince Charles being the heir to the British throne and his brother William, who has two kids, next in line, Harry has felt adrift.
PHOTOS: Prince Harry Pushes Forward With Engagement Plans To Meghan Markle
Levin shocked England by revealing last week that Harry thinks, “no one in the Royal Family wants to be King or Queen.”
And now new interview details have emerged as Harry confided he could take or leave all the pomp and pageantry surrounding his famous family.
“I spent many years kicking my heels and I didn’t want to grow up,” he admitted.
PHOTOS: Royal No-Show! Meghan Markle Dines ALONE With Mom After Prince Harry Snub
Harry partied it up in his youth and admitted coming “very close” to a breakdown several times.
About his royal life, the Price shrugged, “I felt I wanted out but then decided to stay in and work out a role for myself.”
But he implied his loyalty to Queen Elizabeth, not a love of the public eye, influenced his decision to stay in.
PHOTOS: So Naughty! Prince Harry’s Cross-Dressing Scandal EXPOSED
Harry commented to the journalist, “We don’t want to be just a bunch of celebrities but instead use our role for good.”
The redheaded Prince was just 12 when his mother Princess Diana died.
He found strength being in the Army but after that, the royal felt like he was treading water.
With his candid comments, insiders now have a right to wonder if Harry is fully committed to being a role. Or will he give a ring to his girlfriend, Suits star Markle, as many have speculated, and settle down into a more low-key commoner life?
PHOTOS: Prince Harry Betrays Markle By Telling Another Woman He Loves Her
Markle has gotten a royal stamp of approval, as her first official public outing was at Prince William’s wife Kate Middleton’s sister Pippa’s wedding.
Harry and Meghan have also publicly shown their love at his friend’s Jamaican wedding,  as Radar has reported.
Speculation has run rampant that the Prince will soon get engaged to his gorgeous actress galpal, 35.
But as Radar just reported, Harry needs the Queen’s approval to clear Meghan before popping the question to his ladylove.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n