WATCH: Here’s How You Can Look as Good in a Tux as John Legend Does/n





                    WATCH: John Legend Serenades Teresa Giudice
                







Watch what happens

 MORE >>





We all know how handsome John Legend is, especially when he’s wearing a tuxedo, and now he is giving some insight on how to pull it off for Mr. Porter.
The musician, whose parents were both tailors, puts the finishing touches on a tuxedo look as he prepares for a stage performance. Watch above!
In the interview with Mr. Porter, Legend discussed co-starring in the Best Picture Oscar contender La La Land, having baby Luna with wife Chrissy Teigen and mourning the end of Barack Obama’s presidency.
On La La Land:
Legend admitted he’s not a big fan of musicals. “I was skeptical because musicals can get kind of cheesy sometimes, so I’m not like the biggest Broadway fan. But this really works.”
On finally becoming a father after years of infertility:
Legend explained, “You know, sometimes it’s just harder for some people than for others. We’re just happy that we were able to do it with our doctor. He’s never really told us that there was something specific that he could identify was the reason why it just didn’t work out naturally. We did what we had to do.”
Now that he is a dad, Legend smiled, “Yeah. It’s a beautiful thing. We want to have a few more hopefully… Three or four. We’ll play it by ear though.”





CREDIT: Blair Getz Mezibov for MR PORTER


He is also going to take some time off to enjoy parenthood. “I want to work less now, you know? I want to be home more, and be able to just help my wife with whatever she needs. Also, just be there to experience [Luna] growing up. I want to take them on tour. I want to be around.”
On saying goodbye to the Obamas:
“No scandal in eight years,” Legend mused. “He’s been a great leader in the way he carries himself, the way Michelle Obama carries herself. Their character, and their elegance and their eloquence has been such a good example for this country. People are going to miss them when they’re gone.”  Read the whole interview here.
In other Legend news, he recently stopped by Watch What Happens Live and talked with host Andy Cohen about he and Teigen’s exciting sex life. Legend revealed they once had sex in a public bathroom at a 2008 Obama campaign event, at the Fred Segal store in L.A. and in various dressing rooms during his tours. Nice.


Chrissy Teigen and John Legend Attend Hamilton Behind The Camera Awards	








































9 Photos »


/n