Jane the Virgin's Gina Rodriguez: "I Used To Feel Guilty For Masturbating”
/n
Gina Rodriguez is winning our hearts—per usual—as the cover star of Bust’s August/September 2017 issue. In the accompanying interview, the Jane the Virgin star not only kept it real about masturbation but also talked about the need for more diversity on both sides of the camera in Hollywood.
The actress revealed that she was raised in a purity culture that made her feel guilty about self-pleasure. “In all honesty, I used to feel guilty for masturbating. Oh my god, this extreme guilt! And that lasted way too long. Or maybe I masturbated too much,” she admitted. “It’s ok to look back in retrospect and be like, it wasn’t good that I felt bad about touching myself.”


“Hell yeah, I’m a feminist. Everybody should be a feminist." – @HereIsGina https://t.co/vl9TEu8OzG pic.twitter.com/AvY7S4H7Bc
— BUST Magazine (@bust_magazine) July 19, 2017

Rodriguez, who was seen at the Women’s March earlier this year, also suggests, “everyone should be a feminist.” In January, she joined thousands of protesters in Los Angeles to stand together for women’s rights while wearing a “Torch Your Bra” t-shirt. “Sí se puede (Yes, you can),” the 32-year-old tweeted with a picture in her protest tee.


Si se puede. pic.twitter.com/DesrVrJ6bv
— Gina Rodriguez (@HereIsGina) January 21, 2017

Furthermore, the actress has a message for Latinos who want to see diversity in front and behind the camera. “Latinos make up 38 percent of the box office every weekend. That’s a lot!” she told Bust. “So if you want to see Latinos in big studio films, and they don’t exist in them, don’t see them, because in this industry, money talks more than anything.”
FROM PEN: Supergirl’s Melissa Benoist on her Viral Sign from the Women’s March on Washington

 Earlier this week, Rodriguez similarly touched on the subject of diversity in Hollywood tweeting about the lack of Latino superheroes. “Marvel and DC are killing it in inclusion and women but where are the Latinos?! Asking for a friend…” she wrote. This post led the actress’ fans to start rooting for her to bring DC Comic’s Green Lantern Jessica Cruz or Marvel’s new queer heroine America Chavez to the big screen. 
/n