 EXCLUSIVE VIDEO: Former Pussycat Doll Jessica Sutta Goes Solo, Sings 'I Wanna Be Bad'.../n
After spending seven years in the popular girl band the Pussycat Dolls, 28-year-old Jessica Sutta is going solo, and RadarOnline.com has the first look at her sizzling new music video. 
PHOTOS: The Pussycat Dolls Through The Years
“About a year and a half ago I broke my rib on stage and got sent home,” Sutta told RadarOnline.com in an exclusive interview. 
“At that time it was just such a big change in my life that I decided that it was time to go out on my own as a solo artist.” 
EXCLUSIVE VIDEO: Jessica Sutta Quits Pussycat Dolls; Sings For Us!
Sutta’s first single is called I Wanna Be Bad and the former Pussycat Doll produced the music video herself. 
“It’s been a vision of mine for a while so it was really cool to get in there and produce it myself,” she said.   
PHOTOS: Nicole Scherzinger Hits The Gym
“Being the producer and the artist you’d think it would be really stressful, but for some reason everything went so smoothly. All my close friends were in the video; they’re my best girl friends. 
“I had a vision; I love the Marie Antoinette feeling and the girly, decadent kind of feeling in the video…the fantasy of it all.” 
PHOTOS: Bikinis! Hollywood’s Most Ab-Fab & Six Pack Celebs
After such a long run with the Pussycat Dolls, Sutta believes her experience with them will take her a long way in her solo career. 
“It was like boot camp with the Pussycat Dolls – we were on tour, we were on buses we were on planes and you sleep when you sleep and look as good as you can look all the time,” Sutta said. 
PHOTOS: Hollywood’s Sexiest Singles Strip Down
“Everything about the Pussycat Dolls has made me who I am today and I’m so grateful for that project. I’ll always be a Doll in my heart.”  
Sutta said she’s been busy recording in the studio and should be releasing a second single around Christmastime with her EP dropping in the spring. 
PHOTOS: Bikini Wars! The Sexiest And Most Scandalous Mistresses
“A lot of the songs are about my love life or what’s going on with me personally,” Sutta explained. 
“I never got to write with the Pussycat Dolls so this was the first time I was actually able to do it.” 
PHOTOS: Celebs Scream For Scream Awards
Since quitting the Pussycat Dolls, Sutta says there’s no bad blood between the girls. 
“I talk to them a lot. They’re really supportive and all doing their own thing. We grew a sisterhood, so I miss them a lot,” she said. 
I Wanna Be Bad will be available on iTunes Tuesday. 
RELATED STORIES: Justin Bieber To Release Acoustic Album
Alicia Keys And Hubby Swizz Beatz Have A Baby Boy
EXCLUSIVE: Kanye West Nude Photos For Sale
American Idol’s Crystal Bowersox Ties The Knot /n