Evan Rachel Wood Has a Crush on Milla Jovovich/n





                    Evan is a Mom
                







Evan Rachel Wood gives birth to a baby boy with husband Jamie Bell.

 MORE >>





Evan Rachel Wood has revealed one of her celeb crushes: Resident Evil star Milla Jovovich.
Wood opened up to her fans during a Twitter chat with The Advocate’s Editor-in-Chief Matt Breen yesterday, and True Blood actress also dished on meeting her husband Jamie Bell, her first love (singing), and her friendship with actress Ellen Page.
Wood, 26, who has sung in the HBO series Mildred Pierce and 2007’s Beatles musical Across the Universe, is set to perform with Jovovich at an upcoming benefit for the L.A. Gay & Lesbian Center next month and is clearly looking forward to it.
This! @MillaJovovich cant wait. pic.twitter.com/nM7c4i894z
— Evan Rachel Wood (@evanrachelwood) April 26, 2014
 
yup! and my husband is well aware of the crush I have on Milla. ;) I mean who doesn’t?! @matbreen @MillaJovovich
— Evan Rachel Wood (@evanrachelwood) April 27, 2014
The Thirteen star came out as bisexual to Esquire in 2011 and admitted the hardest part about coming to terms with her sexuality was telling her mom.
nothing compared 2 when I tried 2 come out 2 my mother when I was 12. I was so scared and cried so hard I never got the words out @matbreen
— Evan Rachel Wood (@evanrachelwood) April 27, 2014
The married mom-of-one said she did eventually tell her mom years later, but says a “weight [was] lifted” when she went public with her sexual identity.
Additionally, The Wrestler actress said, “I did it because its a huge part of who I am. I wanted people to really know me. I also wanted – to inspire people to be who they are. Maybe help another struggling terrified 12-year-old know it’s ok. And I didn’t want to feel like I had to hide the women in my life.”
To read the entire chat, check out Evan’s timeline on Twitter.
 


evan grabs lunch with her 'into the forest' co-star ellen page








































8 Photos »


/n