The 6 Best New Songs of the Week: Britney Spears, Katy Perry, Wild Beasts and More/n





                    LISTEN: More Great New Music
                







Listen to last week's best tracks featuring Banks, PJ Harvey, and more.

 MORE >>





Looking for new tunes? We’ve got you covered.

So much new music is released each week that it’s impossible to hear it all. Not that you’d want to; a lot of it isn’t so hot. But let us help simplify your search for new sounds with a roundup of the week’s seven best new songs. Trust us. We have good taste. (And check out last week’s collection if your hunger has still not been sated.)
Britney Spears – “Make Me…” (Feat. G-Eazy)

Though I have been a fan of Britney Spears since her debut single, I will readily admit that my interest in her career has waned over time and over several less-than-stellar albums. To my ears, the last truly great Britney album was In The Zone, released all the way back in 2003. She’s had some good singles and songs since then, sure, but it’s been patchy, to say the least. Anyway, that preamble is just to set up that I went into “Make Me…” with expectations that can generously be described as “non-existent.” Perhaps that is why I was so presently surprised with the result, which happens to be Britney’s best lead single since “Gimme More.” On “Make Me…,” Britney sounds more effortless, breezy, and human than she has in over a decade. Her vocals are strong, confident. It almost feels like she wanted to make this song and wasn’t simply under contractual obligation to release new music. Shocking! Yes, “Make Me” plays it so safe with current radio sounds that it is essentially a Selena Gomez song, but since Selena has built a music career by swagger-jacking Brit’s baby-voiced coos and come-ons, we’ll let it slide. The G-Eazy verse could easily have been left in the trash where it belongs, but overall I’m pleased Britney seems to have found a comfortable new groove. – Matt
Katy Perry – “Rise”

Surprise! Katy Perry dropped a new single, and it is the theme song for the 2016 Rio Olympics! The inspirational and uplifting song was written to unite people around the world. Produced by pop hitmaker Max Martin, Perry sings: “When the fire’s at my feet again/ And the vultures all start circling/ They’re whispering, ‘You’re out of time’/ But still I rise.” The song is a perfect fit for those Olympic montages that we will be seeing throughout the Olympic coverage. Prepare for this song to get stuck in your head. – Michael
Kehlani – “CRZY”

I’ve been a fan of Kehlani since her mixtape You Should Be Here and even nominated the mixtape as one of the best albums of 2015. “CRZY” is Kehlani’s follow up after her May single “24/7” and more importantly since the drama surrounding her breakup with NBA player Kyrie Irving. Like “24/7,” “CRZY” is a response to her haters and a declaration that she can make it through anything. The laid back beats and catchy chorus had me playing the song on repeat and if it’s any indication of what to expect for her first studio album this fall, I can’t wait. – Jelani
Wild Beasts – “Celestial Creatures”

Following “Got My Bang” and “Big Cat,” “Celestial Creatures” is the third single taken from Wild Beasts’ forthcoming Boy King. While maintaining some of dread-injected funk of the previous singles, “Creatures” is, nonetheless, the most quintessentially Wild Bests-esque of the tracks we’ve heard so far. It exhibits an etherealness befitting of its title while also evoking darker, grittier, and more of-this-world images and moods. If nothing else, it will make you want to sip champagne with the angels. – Matt
MSTRKRFT – “Runaway”

After seven years since their last album, electronic duo MSTRKRFT is back with a new record, Operator. Their latest single, “Runaway,” is everything the Canadian group is about. Delightfully distorted with synthesized vocals, it’s the electro-beat you’ve been waiting to put on your hype playlist. Better yet, just watch the song’s accompanying because. It’s just trip AF. – Gabi
Enrique Iglesias feat. Tinashe and Javada – “Duele El Corazon”

Spanglish lovers, are you ready for a potential song of the summer? Enrique Iglesias has released the “English” remixed version of this single “Duele El Corazon.” This time around the song features Tinashe and Javada. The Spanish-language single originally featured Wisin and debuted earlier this year. The single has Iglesias and Tinashe singing in both Spanish and English with the pair requesting a lover to stay with them. “I want you all to myself / I’ll love you like no one else,” they sing on the chorus. Featuring a mix of of reggaetón, reggae and dance, you’ll be dancing to the song all summer long. – Michael
/n