Kate Hudson Reveals Her Workout and Diet Secrets, Likes a Good Sausage in Her Mouth/n





                    Kate Hudson Shows Off Her Incredible Bikini Body
                







Hot mama alert!

 MORE >>










                    Kate Hudson Covers Prince's 'Nothing Compares 2 U' 
                







Sing it, girl!

 MORE >>





Kate Hudson knows a thing or two about taking care of her body.

In her recent interview with Shape magazine, the Mother’s Day actress and Fabletics co-founder opens up about her diet and exercise routine. Explaining about embracing her shape and “working out and seeing what it can do,” the 37-year-old says there’s no one way to exercise your body and mind.
“Some people need structure and a regimen, but I’m not a planner. When I exercise, I need to connect to myself and see how I’m feeling at the moment, because my mood is constantly changing,” she says. “I was 19 when I discovered Pilates, and I’m still doing it. It’s the workout my body really responds to. It’s all about alignment, elongating your spine, and strengthening your core. It makes me feel my strongest. Pilates is always challenging. The advanced moves are amazing, but so hard.”
“Sometimes I just need to do aggressive routines, like boxing,” she continues.


Kate Hudson Flaunts Her Bikini Body for 'Shape' Magazine








































7 Photos »


As for food, Hudson isn’t all about limiting her diet. According to her, she loves to indulge — like having a good sausage when she’s traveling abroad to Germany.
“Enjoying good food is a huge part of being healthy and happy,” she says. “When I was growing up, everybody came to our place for dinner on Sundays. It was a joyful house. Food was very important; there was always something good cooking.”
“My mom has always been healthy, but she’s not a health nut. I’m the same way,” she says, adding that mama Goldie Hawn makes “a mean biscuits and gravy and chicken and dumplings” and cooks Indian food for the family. “I absolutely believe in enjoying my food, especially when I travel. I don’t eat a lot of meat when I’m home, but I can’t be in Germany and not eat the bratwurst. I just love it so much.”





/n