Train Hero Spencer Stone Was Stabbed 4 Times Outside Bar, Including in the Heart, Brother Says/n
New details have been released about the Oct. 8 stabbing which left Spencer Stone, one of four men hailed as heroes for foiling an August attack on a French train, in critical condition.  
Stone was stabbed four times, his brother, Everett, wrote on a GoFundMe page created Friday: He was stabbed once in the heart, once in the back, once in the liver and once in the left lung, collapsing it, Everett said.   
“He had to have open heart surgery to save his life from the knife wound to his heart,” Everett said.  
Everett’s post was accompanied by a photo of Spencer, apparently in a hospital bed, with a long line of chest staples running up to his neck. (Warning: graphic image below.)  
The fund, which has raised more than $3,200 out of a goal of $50,000, was created to “assist and help the family such as his mother and sister in lost wages and cost associated with taking time off to be with and take care of Spencer at this critical time.  
“In addition [it’s] helping to address some very specific personal security issues that the family as a whole is concerned with,” Everett wrote.  
Spencer’s medical costs are being covered by the military, Everett said.  
Spencer StoneGoFundMeSacramento, California, police are still looking for two suspects in the stabbing. They are described as two male Asian adults wearing white shirts and blue jeans, and who allegedly fled in a dark-colored 2009 to 2012 Toyota Camry.   
Spencer left the scene of the attack bleeding from his wounds after being stabbed while coming to the defense of a woman allegedly being hit by another man, witness Eric Cain told PEOPLE.  
Spencer was recently released from UC Davis Medical Center following treatment for the stabbing wounds.  
Spencer previously sustained a serious injury while working to foil the train attack this summer. He needed surgery to reattach part of his left hand.  
Friend Alek Skarlatos, who joined Spencer in their quick response on the French train, visited him in the hospital on Oct. 12, posting a selfie of the pair with the caption, “Saw the hero today.”  
The Sacramento Police Department urges anyone with information regarding the stabbing to contact the dispatch center at 916-264-5471 or text a tip to 274637. Callers can remain anonymous and may be eligible for a reward up to $1,000. 
/n