Howard Stern's Sidekick Artie Lange Cheats Death In Emergency Surgery/n
Howard Stern‘s longtime beloved former comic radio sidekick Artie Lange underwent emergency surgery on Friday night after performing in Chicago, he revealed to fans in a shocking Tweet.
Lange, 49, wrote a series of tweets, about how he cheated death, first writing, “After Chicago gig I collapsed. All the blow & H I’ve done for yrs blew hole in my nose & landed in my chest…
He tweeted a photo of himself looking very tired in his hospital bed.
The funnyman, who appeared on the Stern radio show for five years, also explained on Twitter, “It was infected. I was hours from checkin out. They ripped open my chest and got it all. I cheated the devil for the hundredth time.” In another Tweet, the standup comedy veteran who also appeared on Mad TV  wrote, “Now I’m laying in the hospital w tubes in a hole in my chest. They put a permanent IV line in my arm to my heart for long term antibiotics.”
PHOTOS: Howard Stern Rips Kelly On Air: ‘You Can’t Walk Off Work!’
Lange also told his Twitter followers, referring to the Judd Apatow produced HBO show called Crashing, on which he appears, “I’m done bullshitting. The Dr says I will be back. Judd Apatow is a saint. I hope to do Crashing Dr told me many other ppl would b dead.”
“I’m an ox he says. So something keeps me here. If u fans come up to me on drugs plan on a fight. Pls be strong. My life should be great.”
As Radar has reported, Lange was recently arrested for heroin and cocaine possession.
The radio show star was busted with the drugs by the Hoboken Police Department on Sunday, March 12, 2017, in the garage of his home.
And as Radar reported on June 15, the former Howard Stern Show co-host was hit with a bench warrant by the Hoboken Municipal Court after failing to appear.
PHOTOS: Hulk’s Horror: Pal Tells Howard Stern There Are 2 Or 3 More Sex Tapes!
Lange got candid about the incident after the Hudson Reporter tweeted about his arrest. In response to the outlet, the troubled star replied, “Hoboken Police : I mean no trouble! Sorry! This is bad communication w a lawyer. My fault. I’m getting new lawyer now & making this Right!”
After his failure to appear in court made news, the Hoboken Police Department informed the media that they were not actively looking for Lange, “But if any officers have an encounter with him, whether it is by running his license plate or name, they will see he has the ‘Failure to Appear’ bench warrant. The warrant is issued by the court and not directly the Police Department.”
PHOTOS: The King Of All Scandals: Shock Jock Howard Stern’s Top 20 Secrets & Feuds EXPOSED
Lange has battled depression and drug addiction for years. After his second suicide attempt in 2010, Stern let Lange go from his show because he believed keeping him on wouldn’t help in his recovery, as Radar has reported.
Lange’s situation isn’t uncommon as Radar recently revealed how many Stern show “wack pack” stars have been hit with tragedy and death.
Meanwhile, Lange tweeted on Saturday to his fans that he planned to, “Stay strong. need cash.So be out next week working again. Next chapter. If I’m not clean I’m gone. I love u.”
He added, “As McQueen says at the end of Papillon “Hey you bastards?! I’m still here!”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n