UPDATE! Nancy Kerrigan Will Compete in Dancing With the Stars Season 24 The news comes a day after the announcement that both Mr. T and Olympic gymnastics phenom Simone Biles would be competing this season, making them the first names on the.../n
UPDATE: That's our girl! The mystery Fifth Harmony member joining season 24 is none other than Normani Kordei, E! News has confirmed, meaning that she and her pro partner will be juggling their first few weeks of the season with the girl group's Asian tour dates. People first reported the news.________The list of names of stars gunning for the mirrorball trophy in the upcoming season of Dancing With the Stars continues to grow.Variety reports that Olympic figure skating legend Nancy Kerrigan will take to the ballroom in season 24, along with a member of the wildly successful girl group Fifth Harmony, though which member remains to be seen. On top of that, a source confirms to E! News that Mr. Bachelor himself Nick Viall is being pursued to join the roster as well.

The news comes a day after the announcement that both Mr. T and Olympic gymnastics phenom Simone Biles would be competing this season, making them the first names on the list.Kerrigan shot to fame in the '90s, having won the bronze medal at the 1992 Winter Olympics and the silver at the '94 games. She, of course, gained notoriety after the highly-publicized incident involving her attack by an associate of rival figure skate Tonya Harding's ex-husband. She's made brief appearances in film and TV over the years, most notably the Will Ferrell figure skating spoof Blades of Glory.While it remains to be seen which of the four remaining members of Fifth Harmony—Normani Kordei, Ally Brooke, Dinah Jane and Lauren Jauregui—will be strutting their stuff, each of them stand a good chance of rising above the competition thanks to their experience with choreography and reality TV. (The group was formed on Fox's X-Factor.) Departed member Camila Cabello might also be the member in question, as a quick glance at tour dates puts the current Fifth Harmony line-up overseas on an Asian tour just days after season 24 premieres on March 20. 

While Viall only remains in talks, his involvement is hardly a surprise. He'd be following in the steps of many of Bachelor Nation alumni, including Trista Sutter, Jake Pavelka, Melissa Rycroft and Chris Soules.The full cast list will be revealed on Good Morning America on March 1.Dancing With the Stars premieres Monday, March 20 at 8 p.m. on ABC.
/n