Lily Collins Reveals How Her Famous Parents Influence Her Dating Life: 'I'm Really Attracted to Mysterious Creatives'
/n

 
Lily Collins has a very specific type when it comes to dating — all thanks to her mom and dad.
The 28-year-old actress, who is the daughter of legendary musician Phil Collins and American socialite Jill Tavelman, opened up about how her famous parents’ relationship has influenced her own love life.
“I find that I’m really attracted to mysterious creatives, and I love people that are able to put their emotions out there for not just the world to see, but just that are giving of their emotions, but a little bit mysterious and elusive as well,” she said on The Talk.
Collins said it was her mom who taught her a key life lesson: that she had to love herself while also allowing others to love her as well. 
“My mom is such a strong, independent, strong-willed woman and she always taught me to accept my worth for how I viewed myself and female empowerment, and it’s okay to be independent and also need someone at the same time,” she said. “I kinda get to be both.”
The actress previously dated British actor Jamie Campbell Bower for over a year in 2013 and was romantically linked to Nick Jonas in 2016.
RELATED VIDEO: Lily Collins Writes an Open Letter to Dad Phil Collins: ‘I Forgive the Mistakes You Made’

Collins has been open about her tumultuous relationship with her father, who divorced her mother when the actress was just 5 years old.
In her new memoir, Unfiltered: No Shame, No Regrets, Just Me, Collins explains how she reconnected with her father after years of estrangement — and why she decided to forgive him.
“Because my dad was often gone, I never wanted to do anything that would make him stay away even longer,” she writes. “I became extra careful about what I said and how I said it, afraid he’d think I was angry or didn’t love him. And the truth is, I was angry. I missed him and wanted him there.”
She then addresses her dad directly, writing, “I forgive you for not always being there when I needed and for not being the dad I expected. I forgive the mistakes you made.”
/n