Alex Jones, Donald Trump's Biggest Conspiracy Source, Tells Court He's Just A 'Performance Artist' — And People Are PISSED!/n

If you're not familiar with Alex Jones, here's a quick primer on the radio show host.
His Internet news show, InfoWars, is largely responsible for propagating the conspiracy theories that the U.S. government was responsible for 9/11, that Hillary Clinton ran a child sex ring out of a pizzeria, and that the Sandy Hook shooting was a hoax in which Barack Obama hired child actors to pretend their schoolmates had been murdered.
Yeah. He's that guy.
Photos: Celebs Who Think The Earth Is Flat
Sadly, a few million people listen to his drivel, deciding that the mainstream media is lying, and this crazy-sounding reporting is the sole source of fact in a sea of "fake news." These listeners include — you guessed it — Donald Trump, who has even been a guest on Jones' radio show.
So when you wonder where the POTUS gets his ridiculous ideas about government, voter fraud, wire-tapping, etc, this is the face. Or should we say the mask?
See, Alex is currently in the middle of a bitter custody battle with  his ex-wife, Kelly Jones, who is trying to keep full custody of their 9, 12, and 14-year-old kids.
Kelly is using his own horrible words against him, reportedly telling the court:

"I'm concerned that he is engaged in felonious behavior, threatening a member of Congress. He broadcasts from home. The children are there, watching him broadcast."
Yeah doesn't sound like the most stable environment for children. Or highly impressionable Commanders-in-Chief. She also said:

"He's not a stable person. He says he wants to break Alec Baldwin's neck. He wants J-Lo to get raped."
Wow.
Seems open-and-shut to us. After all, he can't deny any of this. He said these awful things on the air; there's record of all of it.
But Alex's lawyer has an explanation for all the crazy talk. It's all fake. In a pre-trial, attorney Randall Wilhite now claims Jones is just "playing a character."
Photos: 10 Times Donald Trump Helped Spread Fake News!
Yep, according to his own advocate in a court of law, Alex Jones the angry conspiracy theorist is actually Alex Jones the "performance artist."
The host that many Americans choose to put their faith in is just a character. Wilhite even went so far as to compare him to Jack Nicholson as The Joker. Funny that he went with a famous villain. Funny.
So does he really not believe any of the insanity he spouts? Is it all just for ratings? Is goading fans into harassing the grieving parents of murdered children — who he knew were not lying — just for clicks?
If so, he's an even worse person than we thought. And we aren't alone.
See some of the most disgusted responses to the reveal (below)!

Just like Trump supporters, Alex Jones' audience are suckers getting fleeced by a self-proclaimed fake. I love it. https://t.co/TbAPWqkWS7
— Patton Oswalt (@pattonoswalt) April 17, 2017


Don't know what's more f***ed-up, Alex Jones claiming to be 'just a performance artist' or Donald Trump believing Jones is the 'real news'.
— Tommy Campbell (@MrTommyCampbell) April 17, 2017


Never forget that people have harassed the parents of Sandy Hook victims because of Alex Jones's "performance art."
— Zach Heltzel (@zachheltzel) April 17, 2017


I hope they allow all of the people who were hurt by Alex Jones stupid Conspiracies front row seats at his custody trial.
— BabyGirl (@babygirlme101) April 17, 2017


Alex Jones is not a "performance artist". But the Judge in his divorce proceedings gon' be one, when he makes them kids disappear!😂
— Harvey King of Shade (@bodysculptorokc) April 17, 2017


Alex Jones, when you create conspiracy theories & pass them off as real to reap huge $$$. Your not a performance artist, your a con artist.
— The Anti-Trump (@IMPL0RABLE) April 17, 2017


Trump mocks disabled, Alex Jones does "performance art" that hurts grieving Sandy Hook parents. They're the Shields & Yarnell of evil.
— Frank Conniff (@FrankConniff) April 17, 2017


PSYCHO FAN: I live by your teachings!
ALEX JONES: I'm a fraud. A performance artist.
PSYCHO FAN: Oh… Well, this changes nothing for me.
— Jake Vig (@Jake_Vig) April 17, 2017


Trump says we can trust "dishonest media" like CNN and New York Times. His number one source: Alex Jones, self-proclaimed performance artist
— Richard Hine (@richardhine) April 17, 2017


Here's Roger Stone saying that Alex Jones/InfoWars was the "major source of everything" during the campaign. https://t.co/0E6fWiYdsy pic.twitter.com/r0J1WALd6O
— Caroline O. (@RVAwonk) April 17, 2017


@vivosmortuus @MimiLeroch Reminder: the parents of children murdered at Sandy Hook Elementary are still getting death threats from Alex Jones fans. Great guy.
— Ben R. H. (@fuzzbert) April 17, 2017


@realDonaldTrump Is Alex Jones / InfoWars the real media? The person who is admitting that he is only a 'character' on his show & not to be taken seriously?
— Roland Scahill (@rolandscahill) April 17, 2017


Like Bill O'Reilly's ex-wife, the ex-wife of Alex Jones is now asking a judge to remove all custody of their children b/c he is dangerous.
— Shaun King (@ShaunKing) April 17, 2017


Wow Alex Jones who knew that calling people pedophile's , posting fake news and calling for women to be raped would backfire..
— Kate (@kateNxnx) April 17, 2017

Sadly, we aren't seeing any angry backlash from his listeners. We're guessing they're going to go on believing that his brand of outlandish sensationalism is the only truth, despite him publicly admitting otherwise.
Then again, if Jones' listeners were reasonable, they would have realized he wasn't credible long before this.
[Image via YouTube.]
/n