Morning Joe's Mika Brzezinski Hits Back At Donald Trump After Shading Her For 'Bleeding Badly From A Face-Lift'/n

Donald Trump is the world's pettiest mean girl!
The president is now fully back to his unfiltered Twitter ways, which is quickly becoming a burn book of insults directed at his nemeses.
So, who's the "fugly slut" this week? Apparently, it's Morning Joe host Mika Brezezinski, who POTUS put in his crosshairs in an early morning tweet-attack.
Related: Disney World Installing An Animatronic Trump!
On Thursday, Trump tried to make Mika and fiancé/co-host Joe Scarborough look desperate by claiming the two tried to party with him on New Year's Eve — and, if that's not bad enough, "crazy" Mika was "bleeding badly from a face-lift."
He shared: 

I heard poorly rated @Morning_Joe speaks badly of me (don't watch anymore). Then how come low I.Q. Crazy Mika, along with Psycho Joe, came..
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 29, 2017


…to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year's Eve, and insisted on joining me. She was bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said no!
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 29, 2017
How bitchy of you, POTUS!
Thankfully, Mika knew the best way to respond to a Regina George and took a lesson straight from Mean Girls: all the fighting had to be silent.
The MSNBC anchor swiftly responded to Trump's attack with some silent shade, hitting his ego where it hurts the most — his tiny, delicate baby hands:

pic.twitter.com/8YhzcCUwM1
— Mika Brzezinski (@morningmika) June 29, 2017
Ha! Now that's a silent but deadly burn!
For the record, Scarborough previously slammed a report that he and Mika partied with Trump, claiming the two went to Mar-A-Lago in hopes of setting up an interview with him.
Which means Trump was most likely trying to spin the story and make it seem like the pair were groveling at his feet. A page from the playbook of every insecure teenager!
A spokesperson for MSNBC released a statement about the petty exchange, telling TMZ:
"It's a sad day for America when the president spends his time bullying, lying and spewing petty personal attacks instead of doing his job."
Yup, it's gonna be a sad three and a half years!
[Image via MSNBC.]
/n