The Victims Of The Hair Salon Shootings – The Stories Behind The Faces/n
By Radar Staff
The eight victims of the hair salon massacre in Seal Beach, California included a woman in fear of her husband, a nurse, and a doting grandmother.
In the wake of the deadliest shooting ever in Orange County history, the Orange County Register caught up with friends and colleagues of the deceased to learn more about the lives tragically lost in the hail of bullets.
Here’s a closer look.
Michelle Fournier: The 48-year-old from Garden Grove divorced the alleged gunman, Scott Dekraai, in 2007. Since then, the two had been embroiled in a vicious custody battle over their 8-year-old son. A day before, Fournier and Dekraai had been in court for a hearing.
PHOTOS: The Victims Of The Seal Beach Massacre
Christy Lynn Wilson: The 47-year-old nail specialist from Lakewood testified on behalf of Fournier in Tuesday’s hearing. Wilson was a “beautiful, amazing, a great mother, and a great wife,” her friend Kim Criswell said.
Victoria Buzzo: The 54-year-old stylist from Laguna Beach is survived by husband David, two sons, and a younger brother. Her mother Ann Li Mandri called her “the most wonderful, heart-giving person put on this earth.”
Randy Lee Fannin: The 61-year-old from Laguna Beach owned the Meritage Salon since 1990. He is survived by his wife Sandy, children and grandchildren. Neighbor Ross Vacca said Fannin enjoyed golfing, painting and fine wine. “He was a kind, gentle person,” Vacca said. “Very caring.”
PHOTOS: Mourners Gather At Seal Beach Massacre Site To Pay Tribute To Loved Ones
Laura Webb: The 46-year-old hairstylist from Huntington Beach is survived by her husband and mother Hattie Stretz, who was left in critical condition following the rampage, though expected to survive. One of her customers, Patricia Eskenazi, said she enjoyed riding motorcycles and was a huge movie lover, adding, “she was one of those happy people … never got angry and was a very nice person.”
David Caouette: The 64-year-old from Seal Beach was shot while sitting in his Land Rover outside the salon. He is survived by three grown children. His friend Ed Testa said Caouette loved going on off-road trips in his Land Rover. “Right now, we’re all just trying to cope — it’s a shock. We miss him,” he said.
Michele Fast: The 47-year-old stylist from Seal Beach is survived by husband Patrick and their three children. Her daughter Lisa is a junior at nearby Los Alamitos High School, where grief counselors were present Thursday. Pal Eddie Soto said Fast “loved her family, and she loved this community. She would do anything for her kids.”
PHOTOS: Celebs Involved In Murder
Lucia Bernice Kondas, 65: More details on this victim will be added as we learn them. Hattie Stretz: Webb’s 73-year-old mother, a retired nurse, was the only survivor of the attack. She was in critical condition Friday at Long Beach Memorial Hospital, though expected to survive. Lina Lumme, the executive director of the Los Alamitos Youth Center Stretz volunteers at, told the L.A. Times Hattie “is full of compassion and young at heart … always giving, giving, giving.”
 
RELATED STORIES:
Hair Salon Killer To Appear In Court As Mourners Hold Vigil
Who Is Scott Dekraai? A Closer Look At The Hair Salon Killer 
Norwegian Mass Murderer Living In World’s Most Luxurious And ‘Humane’ Jail /n