Britain's Prince Harry Joins Prestigious Army Regiment/nBy SUE LEEMAN, ASSOCIATED PRESS WRITER Prince Harry, the third in line to the British  throne, will join the armored division of the army's oldest unit  and could serve in Iraq, the Ministry of Defense said Wednesday.  Harry, 21, will serve in the Blues and Royals regiment of the  venerable Household Cavalry, which already has been deployed to  Iraq.   "It's fair to say that if his squadron goes to Iraq, he will  probably go with it, " a ministry spokesman said on condition of  anonymity in line with ministry policy.  News reports said Harry hopes to lead an armored reconnaissance  troop, which deploys in Scimitar vehicles and acts as the eyes and  ears of the force commander.  There are two divisions within the Household Cavalry: the  armored division, where Harry will train, and the mounted regiment,  which performs ceremonial duties, including guarding the queen on  ceremonial and public occasions.  Clarence House, the office of Harry's father, Prince Charles,  said the young prince will join the Blues and Royals in April after  completing his training at Sandhurst military academy in southern  England. Previous members of the Blues and Royals regiment include Andrew  Parker Bowles, former husband of Charles' wife, Camilla.  James Hewitt, a former lover of Harry's mother, the late  Princess Diana, also was in the Household Cavalry, but in the Life  Guards rather than the Blues and Royals.  After being commissioned as an officer at Sandhurst, Harry will  become a second lieutenant in the Household Cavalry.  Clarence House said the prince based his choice of the Blues and  Royals  "on the variety of roles which the regiment undertakes,  including reconnaissance support to airborne forces right through  to ceremonial duties. "  Although Harry is keen to focus on operational work -- the  Household Cavalry has served in the Falklands, the Gulf, Bosnia,  Kosovo and Northern Ireland -- he may be required to take part in  ceremonial duties.  However, he will escape sentry duty outside Buckingham Palace  because he is an officer.  In an interview to mark his 21st birthday, Harry said he was  keen to fight for his country.   "There's no way I'm going to put myself through Sandhurst and  then sit ... back home while my boys are out fighting for their  country, " he said.  Harry is following a royal tradition by joining the military.  Charles was a pilot with the Royal Air Force and Royal Navy, and  Harry's grandfather, Prince Philip, had a distinguished career in  the Royal Navy.  Harry's uncle, Prince Andrew, was a Royal Navy pilot and served  in the Falklands war against Argentina.  Prince William, Harry's 23-year-old brother and second in line  to the throne, currently is undergoing military training at  Sandhurst./n