Daisy Ridley Quits Instagram Over Anti-Gun Post Backlash Daisy Ridley is taking a step back from social media.  The Star Wars: The Force Awakens starlet quietly deleted her Instagram this week, with many pointing to a since-deleted post abou.../n
Daisy Ridley is taking a step back from social media. The Star Wars: The Force Awakens starlet quietly deleted her Instagram this week, with many pointing to a since-deleted post about gun control that sparked an onslaught of hate directed towards Ridley as the catalyst.After attending the 2016 Teen Choice Awards on Sunday, the actress took to Instagram to express her thoughts over Jessica Albaand Ne-Yo's emotional presentation that featured teens whose family has been affected by gun violence and shootings across the nation."Thinking about how lucky I am like………" Daisy wrote online, according to The Nerdy Bird. "Serious bit: as I sat in the audience yesterday tears were streaming down my face at the tribute to those that have been lost to gun violence. I didn't get a great picture of the incredible group that came on stage but they were so brave. It was a true moment of togetherness. We must ‪#‎stoptheviolence‬"

Ridley was immediately met with harsh criticism from commenters who felt her use of weapons in the Star Wars movie made her a hypocrite for weighing in on the hotly-debated topic. Per screenshots captured by the aforementioned blog, John Boyega also got involved, replying to comments in defense of his co-star. "She's doing what's best for her. I won't be advising my friend to come back. Sorry," he wrote, adding to another fan, "Can't do that. She make her own decisions and as a friend I support her right to."It appears Ridley made a brief reappearance on Instagram on Wednesday with a separate post explaining her sudden departure. "Hey y'all!! Just wanted to explain the hiatus… I just want to be on my phone less! Trying to be more present and all that and got a busy few months ahead so wanted less distractions… It's all good :) I always appreciate the support and love and Instagram community! X," she wrote. Ridley's Instagram account is currently still disabled, though her Facebook is active. 
/n