Vera Wang Wedding Wear Curse? 8 Divorced Celebrites Who’ve Worn the Designer’s Dresses (PHOTOS)/n





                    2012 Splits
                







See which couples called it quits this year. 

 MORE >>










                    Engagement Bling!
                







Guess the celebrity engagement rings.

 MORE >>





 Just two weeks shy of their 23rd wedding anniversary, designer Vera Wang and husband Arthur Becker have announced the news of their split.
The 63-year-old designer, synonymous with wedding wear, has yet to comment on the breakup. But Wang’s company president, Mario Grauso, issued a statement to Women’s Wear Daily, saying: “Vera Wang and Arthur Becker have mutually and amicably agreed to separate. They remain devoted parents to their two daughters.”
The couple wed at The Pierre hotel in 1989, and have two daughters, Cecilia and Josephine.
But apparently (and unfortunately) Wang’s brush with breakups extends to some of her high-profile Hollywood clients who have walked down the aisle in her dresses.
Is there a Wang wedding dress curse? Celebuzz examines the random theory…
From Mariah Carey to Heidi Klum to Jessica Simpson, a number of stars have trusted their special day to the renowned designer, but sadly their marriages did not fit as well as their beautiful gowns.
Jennifer Lopez obviously doesn’t believe there could be a curse, and was such a fan of Vera Wang’s wedding dresses, she wore the designer for both of her walks down the aisle. The American Idol judge, 42, wore Wang for her wedding to backup dancer Chris Judd in 2001, and then later to Marc Anthony in 2004.
She split from both men, Anthony this past year and Judd in 2003.
To be fair to Vera Wang (whom Celebuzz is a fan of), there are also many Wang brides who are  still married. Khloe Kardashian married Lamar Odom in 2009 wearing Wang’s design, and her friend LaLa Vazquez also wore the designer for her nuptials in 2010 to NBA player Carmelo Anthony. Additionally, Ivanka Trump, Chelsea Clinton wore Wang and are still each respectively living in wedded bliss.
 
 

vera wang celebrity brides








































6 Photos »




What do you think Celebuzz readers? Curse or just coicindence — or just plain silly.  Tell us. 
/n