Saving Charlie Sheen: Inside His Secret Detox/n
Charlie Sheen’s parents secluded the HIV-positive actor in their Malibu home to undergo medical detox — in a desperate attempt to interrupt a secret death spiral the actor managed to hide from fans, an inside source revealed exclusively to RadarOnline.com.
Now, for the first time, the breathtaking details of their fight to save their son are revealed.
Martin and Janet Sheen’s window of opportunity opened when actor Tony Todd, Sheen’s best friend and wingman, left town for a month-long movie shoot, an insider told Radar, leaving the troubled Anger Management star without his normal sidekick.
“His parents jumped at the opportunity to have Charlie alone,” the insider told Radar.
PHOTOS: Revealed! Inside HIV Positive Charlie Sheen’s Seedy & Shocking Sex Den
“They asked him to come out and do a detox at their house in Malibu,” the source claimed. “With his friends out of the picture they thought this would be the perfect time.”
The Sheens arranged a private detox for their son, the source said, including “around-the-clock RNs to monitor him and make sure he stays put.”
The family has been down this road before with their tiger-blooded spawn, the insider said, “but Charlie would never last the five-to-seven days it takes to get the alcohol totally out of his system. This time he agreed.”
With Janet acting as the gatekeeper and serving him “all natural and nutritious home-cooked meals,” the Hollywood hell-raiser is now “just binge watching TV shows and sleeping all day and night while his mother cooks him,” the insider told Radar.
Spiraling Brooke Mueller to Reunite With Charlie Sheen’s Sons Over Holidays
“They give him vitamins in an IV as well as valium and a few other drugs so he does not have ‘the shakes’ or a seizure from coming off all these months of alcohol.”
In addition to the 24/7 nurses, a physician checks in on Sheen daily and reports back to his mom on the star’s condition, which the source said is improving.
“He is doing well,” the insider said. “The hope is that this time the treatment will work. He has had friends try this several times over the years — but it has never stuck.”
PHOTOS: Drugs, Guns & Hookers — 23 Epic Sheen Scandals Before Charlie’s HIV Diagnosis
Indeed, Sheen previously told Dr. Oz he tried to quit alcohol “2,000 times,” and he went to rehab as recently as 2011.
Do you think Charlie Sheen can stay sober this time around? Let us know in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n