 Oops, She Did It Again! Britney Spears Facing New 'Lip Synching' Claims After.../n
What happens in Vegas hasn’t stayed in Vegas for Britney Spears. Only weeks into her new residency at the Planet Hollywood hotel, reports have trickled out suggesting that the singer hasn’t been singing live, and now it appears there’s video proof!
A new video surfaced on Instagram last week that showed Spears having a tech malfunction when her mic pack flew off of her waistband, pulling her earpiece away from her mouth. The singer kept up her choreography throughout the mishap, and suspiciously, her vocals didn’t seem to be affected one bit.
Watch the video:

Commenters on the Instagram video were quick to all out the pop queen for allegedly lip-synching.
“#Lipsyncforyourlife” @andres_santana_ wrote, while another commented, “Playback or nothing!”
And Twitter users have been quick to bandy about allegations of “lip synching.”
PHOTOS: Britney Spears A Southern Belle
Spears has been plagued by accusations of lip synching since even before the show, “Piece of Me,” opened, with her reps insisting she would be singing live.
“Britney Spears will be singing live during her show (and) she will not be ‘lip-synching,’” her rep said, even though Spears’ manager Larry Rudolph was quoted before the show as saying, “There might be some numbers where she’s full out dancing with a (vocal) track underneath her, but there won’t be any lip-syncing across the board on anything.”
PHOTOS: The Many Costume Changes And Celebs At Britney Spears’ Opening Las Vegas Show
Last fall, reports surfaced online that Spears leaned heavily on backing vocalist Myah Marie for her song, “Perfume.” A rep for Spears told Radar at the time that such reports were ridiculous and that the “Only backing vocals on ‘Perfume’ are from [songwriter] Sia. Britney absolutely sings on ‘Perfume.'”
PHOTOS: Compare Britney Before & After Digital Touch-Up
And back in 2009, roughly 100 fans walked out of her concert in Perth, Australia, complaining that they believed she was not singing live.
Do you think Spears is lip-synching in her new show? Do you care? Let us know in the comments! /n