Rumer Willis Opens Up About Ashton Kutcher and Demi Moore, Praises Kutcher’s Baby/n





                    Ashton and Mila's Baby
                







Ashton Kutcher and Mila Kunis tease newborn daughter's photo.

 MORE >>





 Even though he’s her mom’s ex-husband, there are no hard feelings between Rumer Willis and Ashton Kutcher.
In fact, opening up for the first time since news broke that Kutcher and Mila Kunis were pregnant, Willis couldn’t help but gush about his 1-month-old baby girl.

While the 26-year-old has yet to meet her former step-dad’s little one, she’s already seen lots of pictures.
“I reached out to him when he had the baby, which is so awesome,” Rumer said during a recent appearance on Access Hollywood Live.  “I saw photos of [Wyatt].  she’s very cute!”
 

rumer willis bikinis in miami








































9 Photos »



But between her dad Bruce Willis’ two young daughters and now Wyatt, Rumer will NOT be signing up to babysit.  She joked, “I have so many babies to babysit.  I don’t know if I have time!”
Meanwhile, the actress and singer also opened up about Kutcher’s relationship with her mother Demi Moore, realizing how young the Two and a Half Men star was when he joined her big family.
“I realized the other day, that he was a year younger than me when he and my mom started going out,” she revealed, chatting about a then-25-year-old Ashton, who started dating Moore, 40, in 2003.  “That would be like me meeting someone who already had three teenage kids, kind of going into that situation was crazy.”
She continues, “My mom has always made how [my sisters and I] feel about situations the most important thing.  I think it was more her going, ‘Hey, this is my life and these are my kids and my priorities. So if you want to come and kind of join our crazy clan, this is what I already have kind of built.’ Which I find so amazing and respectful. It’s one of the things that I admire most about my parents, is that they set such an incredible example for kind of putting their children first and keeping a family together, no matter what.”
Watch her full interview in the video above!

/n