Prince William & Kate Arrive In Canada Thursday, Then On To Hollywood!/n
by Radar Staff
The British are coming! The British are coming!
Yes, Prince William and Kate will arrive in Canada later Thursday for their first official overseas trip since their royal wedding last April.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will land in Ottawa at 7 pm BST and then will be immediately whisked away  to the National War Memorial in the capital, where they will lay a wreath to honor Canada’s war dead.
In May of 1939,  William’s great-grandparents King George VI and Queen Elizabeth unveiled the memorial before a crowd of some 100,000 people. At that time, the Queen did the original and impromptu ‘royal walk around’ (shaking hands with well-wishers),  and William and Kate are expected to do the same.
After the wreath-laying ceremony, William and Kate will be officially welcomed to Canada with a guard of honor, and in another homage to the past, a piper will play a Royal Salute composed by Edward VIII, who was himself a bagpipe player.
On Friday, William and Kate will be on hand for the annual Canada Day celebrations. A million people are expected to fill the streets —  more than twenty times the normal number of people — just to get a glimpse of the royal couple in person.
The Sexiest Young Royals
During their 9-day tour of Canada, the newlyweds will also visit Calgary, Alberta, Montreal, and Prince Edward Island of “Anne of Green Gables” fame. They’ll sit around a campfire with young people, dress casual for the Calgary rodeo,  attend a cookout in Quebec City and hand out flags to newly-minted Canadians at a citizenship ceremony. From Canada – it’s on to Hollywood!
The prince and Kate fly to Los Angeles on Friday, July 8 where they will mingle with the stars.
On Saturday, July 9,  the couple will attend a charity polo match at the Santa Barbara Polo Club. So far, some 1,000 VIP tickets have been sold to the polo match along with about 400 general admission passes, raising nearly $4.4 million to benefit the American Friends of the Foundation of Prince William and Prince Harry.
Prince William –Through The Years
William plans to play in the match, and Kate will award the trophy to the winning team.
Later that night, the couple will host a British Academy of Film and Television Arts black-tie dinner and reception in Los Angeles to introduce up-and-coming British film talent to Hollywood executives; tickets for the event cost $4,000 for the three-course meal.
The event is meant to spotlight “up and coming British talent,” according to St. James’s.
William & Kate At Wimbledon – See The Photos
The couple will enjoy some private time during the morning hours of Sunday, July 10, and later in the day,  they’ll visit the Inner-City Arts School, which is described on its web site as “an oasis of learning, achievement and creativity in the heart of Skid Row.”
As the day goes on, the Royals will  attend the Service Nation: Mission Serve job fair for veterans at the Sony Studios in Culver City, before they head to Los Angeles International Airport to return to London.
During their tour of Canada and Los Angeles, William is expected to say a few words to the crowds at several stops during the trip, but Kate will not.
 
RELATED STORIES:
New Documentary Paints Princess Diana Death As ‘An Unlawful Killing’
Pippa Middleton Rocks A Red Dress While Shopping
Prince William & Kate Wow At Wimbledon  /n