 Jimmy Kimmel & Jay Leno Have ‘Made Peace’ – 7 Years After Their Late Night Show.../n
Jimmy Kimmel and Jay Leno’s ongoing feud has finally ended, RadarOnline.com can reveal. After seven years of bad blood, the two comedians and TV hosts have put their differences aside, thanks to Kimmel’s newborn son!
“Jay and I have made peace,” Kimmel said on THR’s “Awards Chatter” podcast. “After my son had his operation, he called me and he was very nice.”
The Jimmy Kimmel Live! star previously revealed that his baby son, Billy needed open heart surgery just moments after his birth. In his show, he also tearfully admitted that the newborn would likely need another serious surgery months later.
PHOTOS: Mariah Carey Performs For The First Time Since NYE Blunder
The heartbreaking news touched the hearts of fans everywhere, and evidently, it was enough for Leno to mend ties with Kimmel.
“You can’t argue with [Leno’s] success and his longevity. I will say, when I was in high school and college, he was one of my all-time favorite comics,” Kimmel then said of the iconic comedian.
Are these two suddenly friends?
As Radar has learned, the hosts’ feud began back in 2010 after Kimmel voices his thoughts on the notorious book, The Late Shift: Letterman, Leno, and the Network Battle for the Night.
“There was a villain and a hero, and Dave was the hero and Jay was the villain. I started off with a negative feeling about it. I sometimes insert myself into situations I have no business inserting myself into,” he said of the incident.
Kimmel also famously trashed his longstanding rival during a performance after Leno took the Tonight Show back from Conan O’Brien back in 2010.
After doing a full show performance in a humiliating Jay Leno costume, Kimmel said: “I always feel bad if I hurt anybody’s feelings, but I don’t believe Jay Leno has actual feelings, and he doesn’t seem to be that worried about other people’s feelings.”
PHOTOS: Out-Of-Touch Ted Cruz’s Most Cringeworthy Moments On ‘Jimmy Kimmel Live!’
Later, in 2013, he bashed his notorious humor during an interview with Rolling Stone, saying: “As a comedian, you can’t not have disdain for what he’s done. He totally sold out. He was a master chef who opened a Burger King.”
Despite their past drama, it seems all is well now with these two late night hosts. Do you think the peace will last? Sound off in the comments below.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n