Khloe Kardashian’s Extreme Diet EXPOSED: Star Counts CELERY As A Meal!/n
Is Khloe Kardashian starving? After kicking off the personal transformation that led to her bestselling memoir Revenge Body, the reality star has been on an extreme diet, RadarOnline.com can reveal.
“I’m a beast at the gym. I’m super competitive and I’m a sweater. I’m like, ‘Don’t f**k with me and don’t mess up my routine,'” Khloe previously told Harper’s Bazaar of her determination to stay fit.
While the star’s book shares juicy health tips and full run-downs of her daily workout routines with celebrity trainer Gunnar Peterson, Khloe’s trusted nutritionist, Dr. Philip Goglia, has finally spoken out on her diet regime.
PHOTOS: Off Her Diet? Kim Kardashian Stops For Pizza In NYC
The expert claimed that the Keeping Up With The Kardashians diva eats plenty of vegetables, dividing her diet into seven meals per day!
Here’s the breakdown:
Meal one: For breakfast, Khloe goes the energy shake route. Her special mix contains one scoop of whey protein powder, one tablespoon of almond butter and a fruit of her choice blended with ice and water.
Meal two: A piece of fruit of her choosing.
Meal three: Four ounces of chicken breast with vegetables and a salad that is high in iron (spinach or beet root).
Meal four: One cup of celery or one cup of tomatoes with 12 almonds.
Meal five: Either one cup of celery or tomatoes with one egg.
Meal six: For dinner, Khloe eats a fatty fish – salmon, sea bass, black cod or arctic char — served with eight ounces of vegetables and salad.
Meal seven: For dessert, the star munches on another piece of fruit.
PHOTOS: Khloe Burned: Lamar Ca$Hes In After Finalizing Divorce
As readers know, the 32-year-old has never shied away from speaking about her passion for fitness — especially after going from a size 12 to a 6 following her scandalous split from Lamar Odom.
The blonde, who was once called the “ugly duckling” of the Kardashian family, even surprised mega-star sister Kim, who in an episode of KUWTK admitted “This is the best Khloe’s ever looked.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n