Jailed Suitcase Killer Heather Mack Loses Custody Of 2-Year-Old Daughter/n
Heather Mack, the privileged teen who was convicted of killing her own mother and stuffing the body in a suitcase while vacationing at a luxury resort in Bali back in 2014, has relinquished custody of her 2-year-old daughter to a foster parent, RadarOnline.com has learned.
PHOTOS: Murder, Drugs, Hookers & More! The Olympics’ Most Shocking Secrets EXPOSED
According to Indonesian law, the young mom, now 21, was allowed to keep her baby girl , Stella, in prison with her until she turned 2 years old. But with the toddler’s birthday this week, Mack was forced to give her away.
“For nine months and two years I have loved and cared for my baby in the strangest of situations,” Mack told People today. “Stella never dreamed of being born into a life here with me at Kerobokan prison. But for us, it has been a beautiful two years. We wake up together and we hold each other when we fall asleep. She is everything to me.”
PHOTOS: 30 Cold Blooded Murderers Who Were Women
Mack, who will be released in 2025, reportedly gave Stella to a friend named Oshar Putu Melody Suartama.
The exchange occurred at the end of Mack’s birthday bash for her little girl.
“It was a very emotional situation,” her attorney Benjamin Seran said. “There were lots of tears. But Stella looked happy. She was starting to see a life she’d never seen before from inside the prison. ”
The Chicago native, then pregnant, and her boyfriend Tommy Schaefer murdered her mother, Sheila von Wiese-Mack at the St. Regis Hotel in Nusa Duam, Bali on August 12, 2014. The couple stuffed the 62-year-old’s body into a bloody suitcase, which was later discovered in the back of a cab.
PHOTOS: Cyber Crime! 10 Gruesome Murders With Killers All Linked Through The Internet
While Mack was sentenced to 10 years in, Schaefer received 18 years behind bars.
Earlier this year, Mack claimed her ex was actually innocent of the crime, but she later retracted her statements.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.
  /n