Lamar Odom Says It’s “Best” Not to Get Back Together with Khloé Kardashian/n





                    Khloé Kardashian Fears Lamar Odom Will Relapse
                







Things aren't looking good. 

 MORE >>





Lamar Odom has given up on his quest to win back ex-wife Khloé Kardashian.

The former NBA star, who finalized his divorce with the reality star in December after seven years of marriage, told Wendy Williams this week it’s “best” they don’t reconcile. When asked if he would marry Khloé again if she came back into his life right now, Lamar bluntly replied, “No.”
“I say with no offense to her,” he explained. “That would be the best for both of us.”





Lamar revealed he has also severed ties with Rob Kardashian, who he lived with for two years. Though he’s fine with not reconnecting with Khloé, the 37-year-old admitted he misses spending time with his former brother-in-law.
“We were close,” he shared, adding he considered Rob as a “brother.”
Lamar quipped, “He has a child. I haven’t met his child yet.”
Getting visibly emotional, Lamar said he understood why Rob wouldn’t want to remain friends — given all the trouble he’s caused the Kardashian family with his past substance abuse. “If she was my [sister], I’d have a problem with me too,” he reasoned.





Khloé first filed a divorce petition back in 2013, but withdrew it after Lamar suffered a health crisis when he overdosed at a Nevada brothel. She filed for divorce once again in May 2016. Since then, Khloé has been dating Cleveland Cavaliers’ Tristan Thompson.
Earlier this year, Lamar admitted to cheating on Khloé throughout their marriage and apologized for his drug problem. “To my family and to Khloé, I just want to say that I’m sorry for all of that wasted time and wasted energy,” he said on The Doctors. “In my addiction, I just didn’t know what I was. I couldn’t take care of myself. I damn sure couldn’t take care of anyone else.”


Khloé Kardashian and Lamar Odom Through The Years








































15 Photos »


/n