Here’s What Critics Are Saying About ‘The Legend of Tarzan’ /n





                    Out This Weekend: ‘The Legend of Tarzan’ 
                







Get all the details on this new action adventure!

 MORE >>





Thinking about seeing this wild new movie? Check out the reviews first!

Alexander Skarsgård and Margot Robbie swing into theaters this weekend in this summer’s latest big-budget action film, The Legend of Tarzan, which boasts loads of CGI, a sterling cast, and a fiery love story. But is it worth seeing on the big screen? Here’s what the experts think…

“Are you jarred by the anachronistic acting? Troubled that the animals are all digital? Pissed that you’ve seen it all before? At least it’s watchable. And Skarsgård brings his A-game – mind, heart and body beautiful.”
-Peter Travers [Rolling Stone]

“What makes it more enjoyable than other recycled stories of this type is that the filmmakers have given Tarzan a thoughtful, imperfect makeover.”
-Manohla Dargis [New York Times]

“While the talented cast and a solid director make for a serviceable and intermittently entertaining adventure, there’s very little about this film that screams, YOU GOTTA SEE THIS.”
-Richard Roeper [Chicago Sun-Times]


Margot Robbie, Jared Leto and Ben Affleck Seen Filming on Set of 'Suicide Squad' in Toronto








































12 Photos »


“This is certainly the best live-action Tarzan film in many a decade (which, admittedly, isn’t saying much) and offers a well-judged balance of vigorous action and engaging-enough drama.”
-Todd McCarthy [Hollywood Reporter]

“As Tarzan, Alexander Skarsgård has a torso that looks like it was sculpted out of marble; too bad his performance is just as stony, even when embracing Margot Robbie’s Jane.”
-Stephen Whitty [Newark Star-Ledger]

“The Legend of Tarzan is sequel, origin story and racially sensitive revisionist history lesson all in one. What it isn’t is much fun for anyone who’s seen Edgar Rice Burroughs’ “ape man” in any of his previous incarnations.”
-Peter Debruge [Variety]


Margot Robbie and Alexander Skarsgård Look Ferocious at ‘The Legend of Tarzan’ Premiere








































23 Photos »


/n