neutral eye, Jamie used the Anastasia Beverly Hills Master Palette By Mario and the Lorac Pro Palette 3. For a base, blend two light brown shades, like Lula and Isabel by Anastasia, into the crease of your eye. To give it a fresh fall twist,.../n
Fall is here and you know what that means: Brand new makeup palettes are out! That's right; it's that time of year when your favorite beauty brands release their new collections of colors, just in time for the holidays.Confused on which palette you should swoop up this season? Lucky for you, celeb makeup artist Jamie Greenburg (who has worked with Kaley Cuoco, Tracee Ellis Ross, Rashida Jones and Kristen Stewart) shared her favorites. And that's not all! She even gave us a few ideas on how to use them. "When you have these at home, you become your own makeup artist," shared Jamie.

Pro tip: Before you do anything, you need an eye shadow primer, like Urban Decay Original Eyeshadow Primer Potion in Nude. Why? If you want to get the exact color you see in the palette (and not a sheerer, less bright version), a primer makes it show up as is.Now onto the palette party!

For a New Way to Wear Neutrals

The point of using a palette is it's a one-stop shop, but you, by no means, have to stick to just one. For instance, to create a reddish take on a neutral eye, Jamie used the Anastasia Beverly Hills Master Palette By Mario and the Lorac Pro Palette 3. For a base, blend two light brown shades, like Lula and Isabel by Anastasia, into the crease of your eye. To give it a fresh fall twist, add a pop of color to the center of the lid and on the bottom waterline using a deeper shade, like Amethyst from the Lorac palette. Pro tip: Wet a black or dark brown shade, like Lorac's Jet Black, and use in the place of your eyeliner.

For a Bright Pop of Color

And if you want to add a zing on top of existing neutral shadow, the Urban Decay Cosmetics Full Spectrum Eyeshadow Palette, is for you. Rule number one: Don't be afraid of loud colors. To pump up the pigment, take a flat bristle brush and place a vivid shade, like Calavera (a bright yellow), at the inner corner as well as at the center. Pick another citrus shade, like Jones (a tangerine hue), and add it to the outer and inner corners.Pro tip: When you're applying color, be sure to apply the shadow in a dabbing motion. Once all of the product is on the lid, swirl in a blending motion.

Whatever you do, just remember, there's no rules in makeup!For endless makeup, hair, nails and beauty tips don't forget to tune in to "freeSTYLE" every Thursday at 8p ET and 5p PT on E! News' Facebook page.
/n