'Big Fat Fabulous' Star Whitney Thore's Ex Arrested For DWI, Fighting Cops/n
Fans of My Big Fat Fabulous Life were shocked when Whitney Thore announced she was pregnant by her ex-boyfriend, Lennie Alehat, despite believing she would be unable to conceive. In a sad twist on last week’s episode, Thore learned she did not have a viable pregnancy despite three prior positive pregnancy tests.
While the reality star, 32, is dealing with the emotional rollercoaster of her bad news, RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal that her ex has been hiding some major secrets from fans — and possibly even Thore herself!
Radar can reveal that Thore’s boyfriend’s name,”Lennie Alehat,” is actually an alias! Nathaniel David Lee, 29, has a sordid past, including an arrest for a DWI in 2008.
READ THE SHOCKING COURT DOCUMENTS
According to North Carolina court documents exclusively obtained by Radar, Lee was three times over the legal BAC limit when he was arrested on November 15 of that year.
He also made matters worse when he began attacking cops! The self-described artist “did resist, delay or obstruct a public officer… fighting back while being placed in hand cuffs”
He also “refused to stop spitting on police equipment” during the arrest.
PHOTOS: DUIs, Attempted Murder & More! Housewife Kids’ Shocking Arrests Exposed
Not only did Thore’s ex have a DWI in his past, he later violated probation on that charge. However, he completed probation in 2010.
Additionally Radar can exclusively reveal that Lee currently has not one, but two warrants out for his arrest after making violent threats!
He threatened two individuals back in July 2016, allegedly stating, “I will kick your a** and drag you out the damn store,” a Guilford County Sheriff’s Department source told Radar.
Did Thore dodge a bullet by breaking up with her man? Sound off in the comments.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n