Sugar Daddy Tiger Woods Gives New Gal Pal $200K In Cash!/n
It pays to date Tiger Woods! RadarOnline has learned that he’s secretly moved on from Lindsey Vonn with another hot blonde — and she was recently stopped at the airport with $200,000 in CASH that she claimed came from Tiger.
According to police records obtained by Radar, Dallas stylist Kristin Smith, 33, was stopped by police at Palm Beach Airport — not far from Tiger’s Florida estate — at roughly 7:30 in the morning on April 25. The issue? During a routine security screening, police had found $200,000 in her bag!
“Upon arrival I made contact with Kristin, who when asked about the money … stated is this going to be available to the public,” the attending officer stated in an incident report obtained by Radar.
“I then asked where did the money come from and did she have a receipt or proof of where the money came from. Kristen stated her boyfriend gave it to her,” the officer continued. “I asked her if her boyfriend could show proof [as] to where the money came from, to which Kristin stated she did not want to talk to me anymore.”
PHOTOS: It’s Over! Lindsey Vonn & Tiger Woods Announce Mutual Split On Facebook: ‘We Both Lead Hectic Lives’
Multiple insiders told Radar that the boyfriend in question is the former golf great.
Kristin’s own cousin told Radar, “It’s awesome, but I’m not allowed to talk about it,” when asked about Kristin’s relationship with Tiger, 40.
The busty blonde herself did not respond to multiple comment requests.
A stylist for Tony Romo‘s wife Candice, Kristin was previously married to Dallas Cowboys star Gerald Sensabaugh, and has a young son with him, Isaiah.
PHOTOS: Getting Tiger’s Attention? Lindsey Vonn Flashes Underwear In Thigh-High Slit Dress
She and Tiger have not been publicly photographed together, but it appears she is still splitting her time between his Florida pad and her Dallas home. His name did not make it into the police report for her airport incident.
An officer summarized, “After interviewing Ms. Smith and verifying her story, it was determined that Ms. Smith was not involved in any criminal activity … Ms. Smith rebooked her flight to a later time of day.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n