Helen Mirren Is a Huge Fan of Pussy Riot and Kim Kardashian’s Butt/n





                    Kim Kardashian Is 'Baffled' That People Still About Her Nudity
                







Can she live?

 MORE >>





This is a royal opinion.

Dame Helen Mirren praises Kim Kardashian and all full-figured celebrities in modern Hollywood in an empowering interview with the Telegraph’s Stella magazine.
“I’m not into the Kardashians, it’s a phenomenon I just don’t find interesting,” says the L’Oréal Paris brand ambassador. “But—and this is the big word: B-U-T-T—it’s wonderful that you’re allowed to have a butt nowadays! Thanks to Madame Kardashian, and before her, J-Lo. We’re also allowed to have thighs now, which is great too. It’s very positive.”
Mirren feels that the societal movement towards accepting diverse body types and liberating clothing on women is a poignant improvement from the ideals of her youth. “When I was growing up, it was thought to be unbelievably sluttish to even have a bra strap showing,” explains the actress. “Everything was about women conforming. I love shameless women. Shameless and proud!”


Helen Mirren Accepts Hasty Pudding's Woman of the Year Award








































6 Photos »


“Women were controlled by being shamed, so I love women who have claimed their own bodies: Madonna, Chrissie Hynde, Joan Jett, Bonnie Raitt,” she continues. “I love Pussy Riot more than anything in the world. They all raise their middle fingers to this epithet of ‘slut.’ They wear what they want to wear, behave as they want to behave.”
Kardashian echoed the positive aspects of her nudity in an interview on Recode Decode on June 6. “I am empowered by my body. I am empowered by my sexuality. I am empowered by feeling comfortable in my skin,” stated the reality star. “I am empowered by showing the world my flaws and not being afraid of what anyone is going to say about me. And I hope that through this platform I have been given, I can encourage the same empowerment for girls and women all over the world.”
If Kardashian’s recent KIMOJI update is any indication of the future of her public displays of sexuality, we can rest assured that Mirren will continue to revel in her delight.
 


Sunday Vibes. #KIMOJI pic.twitter.com/LMWbj5XJS8
— MIKE SNEDEGAR (@MIKESNEDEGAR) June 6, 2016

 
Read Mirren’s health tips (“I’ll drink to excess. I eat French fries. I’ve never managed to go to the gym for longer than two months”) in her entertaining interview on The Telegraph.
/n