James Bond Star Roger Moore 'Heartbroken' After Daughter Dies of Cancer  /n
Former James Bond star Roger Moore is mourning the death of his stepdaughter after she died of cancer on Monday.   
Christina Knudsen was 47.  
Moore announced the news on Twitter, saying his family is “heartbroken” after her death and sharing two touching photos of Knudsen.   
 “We were all with her, surrounding her with love, at the end,” the 88-year-old British actor wrote.  
 Knudsen, who Moore said was known as “Flossie,” is the daughter of Kiki Tholstrup – Moore’s fourth wife, whom he married in 2002.   
 A graduate from the University of Southern California with a major in literature and psychology, Knudsen also studied contemporary art for a master’s degree at Christie’s. She made her career in property development and interior design.   


Our beautiful daughter Christina (aka Flossie) lost her battle with cancer 25 July at 10am. We are heartbroken. pic.twitter.com/x0AQui2F8m
— Sir Roger Moore (@sirrogermoore) July 26, 2016




We were all with her, surrounding her with love, at the end. pic.twitter.com/Eu5oePd2wN
— Sir Roger Moore (@sirrogermoore) July 26, 2016

The Scandinavian blonde grew up in France, but called London her home for over 20 years. A divorce from investment banker Nikolaj Albinu and a split from ex-boyfriend and Skype co-founder Janus Friis after four years inspired her to launch a dating agency for jet-setters in 2014 called Ochun.   
“I think I didn t know myself that well when I got married and felt pressurized by society,” she told London’s Evening Standard at the time. “I wasn t yet able to listen to who I was and what I really wanted.”  
 Knudsen was also an avid equestrian, and owned seven horses. Wesko, her champion horse, was on the shortlist for the New Zealand team at the Rio Olympics.   
 Moore and Tholstrup currently live in Switzerland. While he is best known for his role as secret agent 007 in the popular James Bond franchise – seven films, including The Spy Who Loved Me and For Your Eyes Only – his humanitarian achievements on behalf of UNICEF have granted him many more honors.   
 He was first appointed a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador in 1991, and has been a special ambassador for the U.N. children’s charity since. Queen Elizabeth II named him a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in January 1999, and a Knight Commander of the Order of the British Empire (KBE) in June 2003.  
 Like her father, Knudsen was also a UNICEF volunteer, developing a philanthropic group for the organization called Global Guardians.
/n