Secret Files Reveal Shocking FBI Probe In Death of Prince’s Son/n
Dead rocker Prince was caught up in an FBI investigation into the mysterious death of his only child, according to long-buried, secret government files exclusively obtained by RadarOnline.com!
“The death of Prince’s baby is also being investigated by authorities,” read the case report.
“3/28/97 AUSA [Redacted] was advised the facts and declined federal prosecution because the case does not meet federal prosecutorial standards.”
The acronym AUSA almost certainly refers to an assistant U.S. Attorney, although it’s unclear who the FBI was considering for prosecution.
PHOTOS: Drugs, Lawsuits, Sex & More! Prince’s Wildest Scandals & Rumors EXPOSED
The attorney, according to the documents, punted on prosecution to local Minnesota authorities.
The investigation concerned the demise of Prince’s son, Amiir, after his birth on Oct. 16, 1996.
Prince’s then-wife, Mayte Garcia, delivered the infant by C-section, although the child suffered from severe defects.
A swirl of rumors surrounded Amiir’s birth — and just two weeks after his death, Prince invited Oprah Winfrey to the couple’s home in Chanhassen, Minn., to do an interview about the singer’s newborn son.
PHOTOS: Prince Estate Battle Explodes: Love Child Claims, Siblings At War & More
In her recent memoir, Mayte wrote she knew Oprah had “come to find out if the child was dead or deformed, like people were saying.”
When told by Oprah that “it’s been rumored that your baby boy was born with health problems,” Prince — who died of a drug overdose at age 57 on April 21, 2016 — bizarrely claimed it was “all good. Never mind what you hear.”
Six months later, sources said local authorities were “reviewing the circumstances” surrounding Amiir’s brief life, and a homicide detective interviewed two of Prince’s former employees who were listed on the death certificate.
No charges were ever filed in the case.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n