Jon Stewart Gives History Lesson On Nazis, Jews Controlling The Media, & 'Fuckface' Trump In Surprise Standup Set!/n

With the rise of Nazis and a president who seemingly encourages them, Jon Stewart is one voice we wish was still on TV.
Thankfully, the comedian still got to weigh in on Donald Trump's widely-scorned reaction to the deadly Charlottesville rally during a guest appearance at Dave Chappelle's stand-up show at Radio City Music Hall.
Video: Tina Fey Lays Into Trump & Nazis On SNL's Summer Weekend Update!
Among those in the crowd surprised by the former Comedy Central was New York Times culture reporter Sopan Deb, who took to Twitter to transcribe Stewart's set.
Speaking on the white supremacist rally last weekend, Stewart's complaint "wasn't so much that there were Nazis," but instead "the reaction by certain presidents." He explained: 
"There are two sides? Motherfucker? Two sides?! I believe they are called the Allied powers and the Axis powers."
Talking it back to History 101, the 54-year-old joked that America used to be with the Allied powers, but it looks like Trump signed a treaty that the rest of us don't know about.
While Stewart doesn't think every Trump supporter is a Nazi, he made it clear that "everybody who is a Nazi sure does seem to like him."
Video: Arnold Schwarzenegger Has A Message To Trump & Neo-Nazis
Stewart then remembered his Twitter war with Trump, where the future president mocked him for changing his name from Jonathan Leibowitz — which the comedian responded to by joking that Trump's name used to be "Fuckface Von Clownstick." Nice!
But it wasn't all schoolyard name calling — Stewart spoke on the biggest alt-right "trope" that Jews control the media, explaining:
"Basically it goes back to an old white supremacist trope which is 'Jews amongst us.' [Trump] was signaling to the underworld that Jews are amongst us. Honestly, if Jews controlled the media why wasn't I on a network?"
He got you there, far right!
Stewart also ripped on white supremacists for claiming they are the master race, saying:
"If you think you're the master race, how come we're all kicking your ass so easily? Why aren't the Olympics dominated by you? What do you still have left? Golf and tennis? Maybe, maybe. And even then, the first black people you came across, you're like 'We can't play this game anymore.' Williams sisters, Tiger Woods."
Though before his set was over, Stewart made sure to defend the other side, quipping:
"In the president's defense, he is a terrible person."
Oh, how we miss this feisty Jewish gem!
[Image via Ivan Nikilov/WENN.]
/n