Just When We Thought Donald Trump Couldn't Get Any More Embarrassing, This Happens/n

This is why we can't have nice things.
Remember yesterday morning when Donald Trump attacked Hollywood on Twitter? Well, staying true to his inconsistent form, POTUS welcomed D-list celebs Kid Rock and Ted Nugent to the White House just hours later!
And Sarah Palin came along for the train wreck, too!
We really wish we were kidding.
Related: The TIME 100 List Is Depressing
So let's recap: 
Ted (who was escorted by his wife Shemane Deziel) is known for being a sexist and a racist — we mean, he's literally called Hillary Clinton a "devilbitch" and a "toxic c*nt," Barack Obama a "subhuman mongrel," and campaigned to have them both hanged for treason. Oh yeah, he also called Trayvon Martin a "17-year-old dope smoking, racist gangsta wannabe."
Kid, on the other hand (who brought along his brand new fiancée Audrey Berry), has been blasted as a racist for years and was most recently under fire for selling a shirt with a map of electoral votes, labeling the red states as the United States of America, and the blue states "Dumbfuck-istan."
And then the Former Governor of Alaska was there solo, rocking her off-the-shoulder top from the juniors section at Target.
Cool.
The list of people who do NOT belong in the White House just keeps growing and growing!
Related: The Patriots' Turnout To Meet Obama Vs. Trump Says It ALL!
If you think you can stomach it, ch-ch-check out the pictures and reactions from the occasion (below)!

White House dinner guests last night: From left: Shemane Deziel (aka Mrs. Nugent), Ted Nugent, Sarah Palin, @POTUS, Audrey Berry, Kid Rock. pic.twitter.com/4Q58gKAber
— Christina Wilkie (@christinawilkie) April 20, 2017


Sarah Palin, Kid Rock and Ted Nugent mockingly pose in front of a Hillary Clinton portrait at the White House. pic.twitter.com/2ilj5u2NPh
— 🐸Grant J. Kidney🐸 (@GrantJKidney) April 20, 2017


"No. I'm not joking, Kid Rock. These are the actual nuclear launch codes" pic.twitter.com/szQK06K2a2
— Jason Miller (@longwall26) April 20, 2017


It is official: Our national character has reached Kid Rock Bottom. pic.twitter.com/Oa57MVM9Ol
— Alana Massey (@AlanaMassey) April 20, 2017


"Can someone read this to me?" pic.twitter.com/QSkMI8KSK3
— andy lassner (@andylassner) April 20, 2017


Anyone waking up from a coma and seeing this photo of Sarah Palin and Donald Trump in the oval…I feel for you. pic.twitter.com/i2RAQAgave
— MsDeNovo (@MissDeNovo) April 20, 2017


ted nugent dated a 17 year old when he was 30 and then adopted her as his daughter. perfect fit for trump's white house. https://t.co/Ao6DL2FQaO
— sean. (@SeanMcElwee) April 20, 2017


You're not imagining things, America. We are all laughing at you. pic.twitter.com/C3LANQ0Vka
— Damien Owens (@OwensDamien) April 20, 2017
Wake us up when this nightmare is over.
[Image via Twitter.]/n