Sorry, Monica Rose! THIS Is The Team Responsible For The KarJenners' Style!/n

THESE are the real MVPs behind the Kardashians!
After the family fired stylist Monica Rose for (still!) unknown reasons, Kim Kardashian West, Kylie Jenner, Kourtney Kardashian, Kendall Jenner, and Khloé Kardashian have found a new team to outfit them for literally every occasion.
Related: Khloé Considering Suing Monica Rose!
So, who are these stylists?? Ch-ch-check them out (below)! 
Simone Harouche must be Kanye West-approved if she's in charge of Kimmy's street style and red carpet ensems! You may also recognize her name, as she was in the apartment with the reality TV starlet during the Paris robbery.
The celeb artist told Fashionista about Kim's style:

"She loves looking at vintage references. The '90s and early 2000s are big trends in current fashion, and being able to wear the original pieces that still feel fresh and current is a big draw towards vintage. If you take that, plus the fact that these vintage and archival pieces are literally one-of-a-kind, you can't just find them in every store or press office — that is a huge benefit."
Then there's Jill Jacobs, doing double duty with Kylizzle and Khlo$!
Interestingly enough, the rising star previously assisted Monica, before going solo. Now, she's in charge of creating their Instagram-worthy looks.




Kylie x Koko | @kyliecosmetics Kylie's glam- @tokyostylez @makeupbyariel Khloe's glam- @jenatkinhair @joycebonelli Tap for outfit details 🔥 Styled #ByJillJacobsA post shared by JILL JACOBS (@missjilljacobs) on May 27, 2017 at 5:13am PDT


Speaking on working with Kylie, Jill explained:

"With Kylie, it's definitely a collaboration. She has such great style and such a keen eye on her own. I always like to bring a lot of cool things to work with to the table — finding emerging designers or the dopest of the new that's out. We definitely do a lot of looks, and we're always looking for different and fresh pieces."
Meanwhile, Kenny recently snagged Beyoncé's stylist, Marni Senofonte, to help her serve up sexy streetwear!!




VanderCannes'emp! @kendalljenner …. PosteUp ….. @jenatkinhair x @1maryphillips x @ronaldvanderkemp @sergiorossi x @gucci x @justbish ….. Merci @acidwasht @ranchotailors @crisrockzit @lucienpagesA post shared by marnixmarni (@marnixmarni) on May 24, 2017 at 1:12pm PDT


As for Kourt, Dani Michelle is responsible for the momma of three!




MONDAY. KK @kourtneykardash #danimichellestyle #kourtneykardashianA post shared by Dani Michelle (@danigerous) on Jun 12, 2017 at 10:35am PDT


She even dished:

"I love working with Kourtney. We always have so much fun at our fittings. She knows what she likes, so we make looks that are authentic to her, while always pushing it some more. As much as we want to say we are dressing for the award show, we are dressing for the viewers and critics."
You think the girls miss Monica??
/n