 Shannon Beador Calls Tamra Judge A 'Pot Stirrer' During Their Tahiti Trip On 'RHOC' ––.../n
On the last few days of the Real Housewives of Orange County cast’s Tahitian getaway, gossip bombshells among the ladies shook things up for the worse.
After waking up to serious hangovers, some of the ladies head out for a day of scuba diving. But things quickly take a turn for the dramatic when Tamra tells Meghan King Edmonds that fellow housewife Heather Dubrow is friendly with her husband Jim’s second wife, Allison Raski.
Meanwhile, Shannon Beador and Vicki Gunvalson have a heart-to-heart on shore, discussing Vicki’s mother’s recent passing as well as Shannon’s marital troubles.
PHOTOS: Tamra Barney Judge: 14 Secrets Scandals
“It wasn’t surprising to me,” Vicki confesses about Shannon’s husband David and his affair.
Shannon also admits to Vicki that David’s “mistress” struck up a friendship with her during their affair, which she considers the ultimate betrayal; however, Shannon tells Vicki that she considers Tamra’s decision to blab about the affair behind her back last season an even bigger betrayal.
During a group dinner that evening, Tamra stays true to form, admitting to Heather, Meghan and Lizzie that she, Vicki and Shannon had gossiped behind their backs the night before, accusing Heather of breaking girl code by befriending Jim Edmonds‘ ex Allison.
PHOTOS: Tamra Barney Custody Case — 15 Shocking Allegations
When Tamra heads to the bathroom, Shannon gets a little loose-lipped.
“There are some pot-stirrers in this group,” Shannon says at the table, later identifying Tamra as the culprit.
“I love Tamra,” Meghan interjects, clearly not amused by her comment.
PHOTOS: ‘Real Housewife’ Shannon Beador Sells $12.9 Million Home In Crystal Cove — Includes Home Theater, Gym & More!
But when Meghan tells Tamra what Shannon said, all hell breaks loose.
“I’m not the pot-stirrer,” Tamra yells in confessional. “I’m the one putting everything out on the table so there’s no confusion.”
Minutes later, a blowout fight erupts among the housewives.
Watch the Video on RadarOnline:

“For one split second, I thought Meghan and I could repair any bad relationship we had,” Shannon says. “And after tonight, I don’t think that’s gonna happen.”
When the girls ask if Tamra is okay, she shrugs her shoulders saying, “I’m just kinda hurt. I’m being very honest and then I walk away and I’m the person who’s stirring the sh*t.”
Meanwhile, Shannon tells Vicki and Heather in private: “I was trying to help her, I don’t have an issue.”
PHOTOS: Abuse, Neglect, & ‘Inappropriate’ Behavior! The 15 Most Shocking Allegations Against ‘RHOC’ Star Tamra Judge In Her Custody Case
Then the tables turn on Meghan when Lizzie — who considers herself experienced with girl drama — chastises her for sharing unnecessary information with Tamra.
The next morning, a hush falls over the housewives as they recover from the tumultuous evening before and head home.
Luckily, during their last dinner together on the trip, Meghan apologizes to the group and they enjoy their final evening in paradise.
The Real Housewives of Orange County airs Mondays at 9/8c on Bravo. /n