Madonna’s Malawi Twins’ Dad Says He Was Misled About Adoption/n
The father of the twins Madonna recently adopted from Malawi claims in an explosive interview that he didn’t know the move was permanent.
Speaking to The Mail on Sunday, Adam Mwale ripped the singer after realizing she had taken his biological twin daughters Esther and Stella, 4, away from his small East African country permanently.
According to Mwale, he believed Madonna, 58, was merely fostering the twins, not adopting them forever.
PHOTOS: Madonna & Sean Penn Ready To Remarry On Stage In Miami
“I was told from the start that Esther and Stella were going to a rich woman’s home abroad, that she would give them a good education, then return them to me, to live with me and help all of my family.
“Now you are telling me the adoption is permanent,” Mwale raged to the newspaper.
“That cannot be true. I don’t want it to be true. I am their father and I will always be their father.”
Mwale denied reports that he had abandoned the twins after their mother died in childbirth.
PHOTOS: Rocco Ritchie Humiliates Mom Madonna In Front Of Fans
“It was me who took the girls to the orphanage after Patricia died,” he said. “Everyone in the village knows I just wanted the best for them.”
Madonna was approved to adopt the twins by Malawi’s high court, but their biological dad Mwale said he was misled: “I was told to agree with everything in court. I did not believe I would never see my girls again.
“I was standing with my brother-in-law who signed the consent forms with me, and we just continued to believe that I would always be the twins’ father and they would be coming home to me.”
PHOTOS: ‘We Want Her Back!’ Madonna Attacked By Adopted Daughter Mercy’s Biological Family
Earlier this month, Madonna confirmed she was “overjoyed” to have adopted the twin sisters Esther and Stella.
Sources told Radar the pop queen even planned a musical break to spend time raising the girls.
Madonna now has six children, four of whom are adopted, all from Malawi. Madonna’s biological kids are Lourdes, 20, and Rocco, 16, the boy who, as Radar readers know, has had a troubled relationship with his mom.
So far, Madonna’s reps have not commented on Mwale’s interview.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n