Iggy Azalea Confirms She’s Collaborating with Longtime Nemesis Azealia Banks/n





                    That Time a ‘Jeopardy’ Contestant Confused Azealia Banks for Iggy Azalea
                







OMG so awkward. 

 MORE >>





Iggy Azalea and Azealia Banks are setting aside their difference.

The two rappers, who have been publicly feuding for the last few years, have joined forces to collaborate on a new track. According to Iggy, her longtime nemesis will appear on her upcoming Digital Distortion album after Azealia proposed the idea.
“Public service announcement. Azealia is going to be on DD. We are collaborating. Burn your wigs now or preserve them in your freezer for release day,” Iggy wrote on her Snapchat.





CREDIT: Snapchat @iggyazalea


“If you cant understand my desire to turn YEARS worth of negativity into a positive interaction then thats your loss my dear. peace!” she added on Twitter. “I dont expect you guys to understand why i would collaborate with someone who has publicly said they hope i die.”
“This has been something extremely negative for so long, if there is a way to make it positive and also be creative together, im here for it,” she continued.

If you cant understand my desire to turn YEARS worth of negativity into a positive interaction then thats your loss my dear. peace!
— IGGY AZALEA (@IGGYAZALEA) July 3, 2017


I dont expect you guys to understand why i would collaborate with someone who has publicly said they hope i die.
— IGGY AZALEA (@IGGYAZALEA) July 3, 2017



This has been something extremely negative for so long, if there is a way to make it positive and also be creative together, im here for it.
— IGGY AZALEA (@IGGYAZALEA) July 3, 2017

It’s no secret Azealia has not been kind to her music rival since Iggy hit it big with “Fancy.” Previously, Azealia tweeted she wanted to “kill this b*tch” and “fill a jar with piss and mayo and eggs and just dump that sh*t” on Iggy’s head. She also accused the Australian emcee of getting a “trash” nose job and being the “f*cking dumbest most condescending white b*tch on the face of the earth.”
Despite the beef, the idea to end the feud with a collaboration was first brought up by Azealia, who joked in June that “the song would be a #1 all over Europe.”
“The headlines would be everything tho,” she tweeted at the time. “Just because it’s us. And the media frenzy around it will drown out any and everything else happening in music this summer lol.”

Just because it’s us. And the media frenzy around it will drown out any and everything else happening in music this summer lol
— CHEAPYXO (@XoCheapy) June 19, 2017


Iggy then responded by extending an olive branch, writing in a lengthy note, “Call me crazy but girl, I don’t hate you. I don’t know you to hate you.”
She added, “As a 27 year old adult woman just know: I wish you well from one human to another and joke collaboration or not as adults we should move past trivial beef with strangers.”

Iggy Azalea about Azealia Banks after she joked to want a collab with Iggy! pic.twitter.com/jhRv0j46CO
— IGGY AZALEA DAILY 2 (@IADaily2) June 22, 2017

/n