Hillary Clinton Flunks Lie Detector Test Over Email Scandal/n
RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned Hillary Clinton failed a lie-detector test about her private emails that betrayed American military secrets.
The explosive findings of a Radar investigation proved the scandal-scarred Democratic presidential candidate, her ruthless husband Bill Clinton and cronies at the FBI and U.S. State Department deliberately misled the nation so Hillary could cheat justice.
READ THE TEST RESULTS HERE
“These co-conspirators believe they’re too big to jail,” a Washington, D.C., insider told Radar. “They’re convinced they’re smarter than everyone else and are above the law!”
But top lie-detection expert Michael Sylvestre‘s shocking analysis of taped comments by Hillary, Bill, U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch and FBI Director James Comey torpedoes the sinister plot.
Using a sophisticated device known as a DecepTech Voice Stress Analysis Machine, Sylvestre determined all four are brazen liars.
PHOTOS:‘Erratic & Violent:’ Clinton Terrorized White House Staff, Says Secret Service Agent
Hillary is very guilty of deception, said Sylvestre, who conducted the same psychological stress tests used by more than 50 law enforcement agencies in the U.S. and overseas.
Considered more accurate than a traditional polygraph, Sylvestre’s tests measure truthfulness by analyzing stress in speech patterns.
He told Radar Hillary, 68, was “close to maxing out on stress” when she denied emailing “any classified material to anyone.”
PHOTOS: Decades Of Deceit! How Hillary Helped Bill Cover-Up 36 Extramarital Affairs — Is Trump Right?
His analysis showed deception “especially with the words ’email’ and ‘classified,'” Sylvestre said. “She knew she was sending classified material.”
Her husband, the attorney general and the FBI boss fell in line to cover her butt, the lie tests show. “My conclusion is that this was a cover-up,” the expert told Radar.
After she bungled the U.S. response to the fatal 2012 terror attack on the U.S. diplomatic mission in Benghazi, Libya, the FBI began probing her private messages.
PHOTOS:On The Warpath! Hillary Clinton’s Secret Violent ‘Rages’ Exposed In New Tell-All: Shattered Glasses, Smashed Cellphones & More!
As a result, the Comey-led investigation found more than 100 of Hillary’s emails contained classified information. A source insisted some of the messages “are believed to have involved drone strikes” by U.S. military forces.
But at a July 5 press conference, Comey recommended no criminal charges be filed against Hillary, who he branded as “extremely careless.” He insisted, though, that she showed no “intentional misconduct or indications of disloyalty to the United States or efforts to obstruct justice.”
However, Sylvestre said Comey was misleading, especially when he said “no outside influence of any kind was brought to bear” on the FBI’s probe.
PHOTOS: Hillary Clinton & Late Secret Lover Vince Foster: What Really Happened In 16 Clicks
“There’s a significant amount of stress in those words,” Sylvestre said. “Someone else had definitely influenced this decision.”
Political insiders are pointing the finger at Bill, who met Lynch secretly aboard her plane at the Phoenix airport on June 27.
The meeting, when discovered, had many critics asking if Bill promised Lynch a post in Hillary’s cabinet if she helped torpedo the FBI probe. Lynch later claimed she and Bill talked only about golf and grandchildren.
PHOTOS: Botox, Peels & More! Hillary Clinton Is A Plastic Prez Wannabe, Top Docs Declare
Sylvestre’s tests determined Lynch lied about what went on during the meeting.
“There was a major amount of stress in that response, especially in the words ‘no discussions,'” he said.
“It leads me to believe they were discussing something about the case.”
PHOTOS: Hey, Big Spender! Hillary Clinton’s Most Staggering Campaign Expenses
Sylvestre added Bill also lied when he characterized the investigation into his wife’s emails as “a game.”
So does Chapman University law professor Ronald D. Rotunda, who told Radar Hillary should be prosecuted for destroying her emails: “That’s textbook obstruction of justice!” /n