 COUTNDOWN TO ECLIPSE: Kristen Stewart's Tomboy-To-Red Carpet Vixen Style Evolution.../n
To celebrate the release of The Twilight Saga: Eclipse, we have saved the biggest style star of the fanged film franchise for last! Kristen Stewart has been acting since she was a kid, but it was the first installment of the vampire flick, which established her as a powerful player in the Hollywood game. In the past few years, the broody brunette has transformed from a tomboy to a red carpet vixen right before our very eyes.
PHOTOS: Kristen Stewart’s Star Style Evolution
Kristen started acting when she 9-years-old, landing roles in movies such as Catch That Kid, Undertow and Panic Room.
In 2004, the child actress hit the Sundance Film Festival, looking like your average teenager. Wearing a cropped American Eagle sweatshirt with flared jeans, Converse kicks and a beanie-style hat, the youthful beauty wasn’t exactly red carpet ready!
PHOTOS: Kristen And Taylor At The Italian Premiere Of Eclipse
When Kristen graced the big screen alongside Emile Hirsch in Into the Wild, the world — and casting executives — began to take notice of Kristen, and pretty soon she landed herself the role of a lifetime.
PHOTOS: Best And Worst Of The Los Angeles Premiere Of Eclipse
Cast as the female lead, Bella Thorne in Twilight, the actress was an overnight star, but Kristen refused to fit the mold of the typical Hollywood starlet.  While other girls were glamming up their gowns with Christian Louboutins and Jimmy Choos, Kristen wasn’t afraid to wear a pair of tennis shoes with a Dolce dress! Changing into designer duds after a day of traveling, because the paps are waiting at the baggage claim? Not Kristen, who is always comfortably clothed, while jet setting the world.
EXCLUSIVE VIDEO INTERVIEWS: Twilight Fans Camp Out, Meet Eclipse Stars Before LA Premiere
Over the last year, Kristen seems to have gotten more comfortable in couture, and even seems to be having a little fun with it! During promotional stints for New Moon, The Runaways and Eclipse, we have seen a different side of the actress, which is less rebellious and more refined.
From Chucks to Chanel, what was Kristen’s best look? Check out the gallery in Style and let us know what you think! /n