Did Katy Perry Just Shade Taylor Swift with a Response to ‘Bad Blood’?/n





                    Katy Perry Reacts to Taylor Swift Accusing Nicki Minaj of Pitting Women Against Each Other
                







#TeamNicki or #TeamTaylor?

 MORE >>










                    Katy Perry and Taylor Swift Probably Had the Most Awkward Night Ever at Drake's Birthday Party
                







Imagine going to a party and seeing both your nemesis and ex-boyfriend there...

 MORE >>





It seems like Katy Perry and Taylor Swift aren’t ready to end their ongoing feud just yet.

When speaking to Entertainment Weekly about her upcoming album, Perry opened up about whether she will ever respond to Swift’s 1989 hit, “Bad Blood,” which many fans assumed was about their infamous fallout. Though the “Bon Appetit” singer insisted “there is no one thing that’s calling out any one person” on her new record, she didn’t necessarily rule out the possibility of shade in the near future.
“One thing to note is: You can’t mistake kindness for weakness and don’t come for me. Anyone. Anyone. Anyone. Anyone. And that’s not to any one person and don’t quote me that it is, because it’s not. It’s not about that,” she said. “Honestly, when women come together and they decide to unite, this world is going to be a better place. Period end of story. But, let me say this: Everything has a reaction or a consequence so don’t forget about that, okay, honey. [Laughs] We got to keep it real, honey.”


Katy Perry's Many Latex Dresses








































12 Photos »


“This record is about me being seen and heard so that I can see and hear everyone else! It’s not even about me! It’s about everything that I see out there that I digest,” she continued. “I think there’s a healing in it for me and vulnerability. If people want to connect and be healed and feel vulnerable and feel empowered and strong, God bless and here it is.”
Last year, Perry hinted about settling her feud with the “Shake It Off” songstress, tweeting she’ll collaborate with Swift “if she says sorry.”
Though neither have ever confirmed that “Bad Blood” is truly about their beef, fans figured out the song was calling out Perry after Swift told Rolling Stone the diss track was about a female singer who “did something so horrible, I was like, ‘Oh, we’re just straight-up enemies.'”


a guide to Taylor Swift's Best Friends








































25 Photos »


“She basically tried to sabotage an entire arena tour,” Swift, whose backup dancers went on to work on Perry’s Prismatic World Tour, said. “She tried to hire a bunch of people out from under me.”
At the time, Perry seemingly responded by writing in a shady subtweet, “Watch out for the Regina George in sheep’s clothing.”
Something tells us this feud is far from over.


Taylor Swift and Katy Perry: back when they were friends








































31 Photos »


/n