Beyoncé Pays Tribute to "Fearless" Etta James The death of Etta James was a hard hit to the music world, but few felt the loss as much as Beyoncé. "Etta James was one of the greatest vocalists of our time. I am so fortunate to.../n
The death of Etta James was a hard hit to the music world, but few felt the loss as much as Beyoncé."Etta James was one of the greatest vocalists of our time. I am so fortunate to have met such a queen," the new mom wrote on her blog.James passed away early this morning from complications of leukemia at age of 73.What else did Bey have to say about the "At Last" songstress?

MORE: Beyonce's FirsT Post-Baby Blue Ivy Interview for Real?

"Her musical contributions will last a lifetime," she gushed. "When she effortlessly opened her mouth, you could hear her pain and triumph. Her deeply emotional way of delivering a song told her story with no filter. She was fearless, and she had guts. She will be missed."Beyoncé, who played James in the 2008 movie Cadillac Records, added that the role "taught me so much about myself, and singing her music inspired me to be a stronger artist."It was the first personal statement the "Crazy in Love" singer posted since the announcement of Blue Ivy's birth on Jan. 9.But she obviously wasn't the only celeb who wanted to pay her respects to the late star."Etta James was one of the great soul singers of our generation," added Motown icon Aretha Franklin. "An  American original! I loved 'Pushover,' 'At Last' and almost any and  everything she recorded. When Etta SUNG,  you heard it!""RIP to the late and great Etta James," tweeted Pink. "Your voice and your fight  inspired me and many. I love that through recordings, people can live  forever.""RIP Etta James. One of the greatest voices of all time. Thanks for the many romantic moments your music created," tweeted Kings Of Leon drummer Nathan Followill."Today is the great Federico Fellini's birthday," offered One Tree Hill star Austin Nichols. "Cheers to you, sir.  I  bet he was waiting for Etta James with a glass of champagne.""Etta James," chimed in Alec Baldwin. "Put down your magazine, kindle, e-mail, catalog or telephone. Turn off the TV and spend some time with this great artist."
/n