Sweaty Betty Has the Best Workout Leggings on Sale
/n

If you want a good pair of workout leggings — and we mean butt-lifting good — Sweaty Betty is your answer. The British brand is quickly building steam in the U.S., and we can understand why: It’s basically the cooler, more stylish answer to every other expensive athleisure brand out there (yes, you know what we’re talking about). And, now, hallelujah, the label’s goodies are actually on sale. 
We’re particularly obsessed with the brand’s assortment of leggings, which, as we mentioned are pretty butt-lifting good. While they’re normally priced over $100, now many of our faves are up to 50 percent off through July 10th, bringing that price tag way, way, way down (almost totally guilt-free, basically). This is not just good news, it’s great news: Now you will not only look amazing working out, you’ll save some extra cash, too. Scroll down for our favorite picks.
Reversible Yoga Leggings
These patterned yoga leggings reverse to all black so you get two-for-one.

Buy It! Urdhva Reversible Yoga Leggings, $65 (orig. $130); sweatybetty.com
Classic Black Leggings
You can never go wrong with a pair of these classics.

Buy It! 10k Running Leggings, $54 (orig. $109); sweatybetty.com
Power Leggings
The mesh panels keep you cool, whether you’re in a gym or running outside.

Buy It! Power Leggings, $57 (orig. $115); sweatybetty.com
Zero Gravity Compression Tights
We love the way these compression tights lift and smooth everything.

Buy It! Zero Gravity Tights, $48 (orig. $160); sweatybetty.com
Reversible Spin Leggings
There’s nothing more motivating than bouncing around in extremely bold patterns and bright colors.

Buy It! Free Spin Reversible Leggings, $97 (orig. $195); sweatybetty.com
Body Sculpting Running Leggings
With reflective accents, these sculpting leggings make running easy day or night.

Buy It! Pace Run Leggings, $60 (orig. $120); sweatybetty.com
What style leggings are you scoring sale? Comment below and let us know!
/n