President Trump Attacks Mika And Joe On Twitter Again, Calls Her 'Dumb As A Rock'/n
President Donald Trump hasn’t given up his Twitter feud with MSNBC Morning Joe hosts Mika Brzezinski and Joe Scarborough.
In fact, he’s doubling down!
On Saturday morning, Trump launched another attack on his favorite media punching bag, tweeting,  “Crazy Joe Scarborough and dumb as a rock Mika are not bad people, but their low rated show is dominated by their NBC bosses. Too bad!”
PHOTOS: Revenge! Donald Trump Fighting Back Against Hillary Clinton’s Smear Campaign
Trump also took to Twitter to claim that Greta Van Susteren had lost her show at MSNBC because she was too friendly towards HIM!
“Word is that @Greta Van Susteren was let go by her out of control bosses at @NBC & @Comcast because she refused to go along w/ ‘Trump hate’!” the President, 70, raged.
As Radar reported, former Fox News anchor Van Susteren, 63, who then had her own show on MSNBC for six months, announced on Thursday that she was leaving the network.
PHOTOS: Who Needs Air Force One? Inside Donald Trump’s $30 Million Plane
Van Susteren reportedly struggled in the ratings and she hasn’t weighed in on Trump’s battle with the MSNBC co-stars.
The President also had CNN in his crosshairs again on Saturday, tweeting, “I am extremely pleased to see that @CNN has finally been exposed as #FakeNews and garbage journalism. It’s about time!”
PHOTOS: EXPOSED! Malik Obama Campaigning For Donald Trump After Announcing Endorsement
The new salvos follow hot on the heels of Trump’s shocking tweets on Thursday. As Radar readers know, the President slammed Brzezinksi and her TV co-host and fiance Scarborough when he wrote that he no longer watched their MSNBC morning show and charged, “low I.Q. Crazy Mika” had been “bleeding badly from a face-lift” when she and “Psycho Joe” visited him at his Mar-a-Lago resort around New Year’s Eve.
As part of a Washington Post op-ed, Brzezinski said she “never had a face-lift,” as the President claimed, but did admit that she had “a little skin under her chin tweaked, but this was hardly a state secret.”
Brzezinski, 50, boasted that the chin job “looks awesome.”
PHOTOS: Inside Donald Trump’s Secret Meeting With Vladimir Putin — To OVERTHROW Dictators!
However, top plastic surgery experts, who have not treated the TV host, have told Radar that in their opinion Brzezinski DID have a face- lift.
Meanwhile, in an interview with InStyle, Brzezinski implied that Melania wanted out of her marriage to Donald Trump.
“I’m just telling you, Melania’s got the worst job in the country and I don’t think she wants do it a lot longer. I think she will do it for as long as she has to for her son, and that’s it,” Brzezinski said as her “gut” reaction to FLOTUS.
PHOTOS: Kanye West Meets With Donald Trump After Major Meltdown
Melania soon issued a statement in which she said, simply, “It is sad when people try to further their own agenda by commenting on me and my family, especially when they don’t know me.”
Brzezinski, Scarborough, and Van Susteren haven’t commented on Trump’s latest Tweets. Earlier, Scarborough had said he and Mika were off for their 4th of July vacation.
Radar revealed the couple’s real relationship was tinged with scandal, as Brzezinski divorced her husband of 23 years, James Hoffer, in January 2016. And many believed her romantic involvement with her Morning Joe co-host Scarborough had caused the split, Radar sources said.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n