Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Believes There Was Second Gunman In JFK Assassination/n
Robert F. Kennedy Jr. believes a second gunman was involved in the assassination of his uncle, President John F. Kennedy.
He dropped the bombshell Friday night at an event in Dallas kicking off a year of observances of the 50th anniversary of President Kennedy’s murder.
Kennedy also said that his father, Robert Kennedy, who was assassinated while running for president in 1968, always though the Warren Commission was wrong in its conclusion that Lee Harvey Oswald was alone responsible for President Kennedy’s death on November 22, 1963.
PHOTOS: Taylor Swift And Conor Kennedy Hold Hands At The Beach
Recalling that his father called the Warren Commission’s report “a shoddy piece of craftsmanship, RFK Jr. said that he, too, questioned the report. “The evidence at this point I think is very, very convincing that it was not a lone gunman.”
Asked by moderator Charlie Rose Rose  if he believed his father, who was the U.S. Attorney General when the President was gunned down, felt a sense of guilt for his brother’s death “because he thought there might have been a link between his very aggressive efforts against organized crime,” Kennedy Jr. replied: “I think that’s true. He talked about that. He publicly supported the Warren Commission report but privately he was dismissive of it.”
PHOTOS: Mary Richardson Kennedy’s Sad And Lonely Gravesite
An attorney specializing in environmental law, RFK Jr.  was thrust into the spotlight last May when his estranged wife, Mary Richardson Kennedy, committed suicide.
He’s now dating actress Cheryl Hines, and as RadarOnline.com previously reported, the two are already talking marriage.

RELATED STORIES:
Mary Richardson Kennedy’s Grave Finally Gets A Headstone, Five Months After Tragic Suicide
Conor Kennedy’s Grandma Approves! Ethel ‘Loves’ Taylor Swift, ‘They’re Fascinated By Each Other’
Taylor Swift Helping Conor Kennedy Get Over His Mother’s Suicide
Taylor Swift Defends Relationship With High School Junior Conor Kennedy: ‘He’s A Grown Man’ /n