 Secrets Safe? Kirstie Alley Scrambles To Settle Scientology Lawsuit -- What Could Be Revealed.../n
Kirstie Alley is scrambling to hide her Scientology secrets! RadarOnline.com has learned that her attorneys are working to settle the messy lawsuit filed against the Cheers actress and her business before she has to tell all in court.
As Radar reported, Alley and her controversial diet company, Organic Liaison, had been named as defendants in a lawsuit over an alleged Ponzi scheme spearheaded by former Scientologist, Michelle Seward. Plaintiffs Jeffrey and Marguerite Stabile loaned approximately $500,000 of their life savings to Seward, but she “purportedly lost control of the funds,” they said in court documents.
With a trial date looming, Alley, was scheduled to testify. But after she fought to keep her deposition in the suit sealed, Radar has learned she has reached a tentative settlement with the plaintiffs, ensuring further secrecy will surround her involvement in Seward’s alleged scheme.
PHOTOS: Kirstie Alley’s 30 Biggest Scandals! ‘Insane’ Drug Abuse, Steamy Affairs, Scientology Secrets & MORE
Sources didn’t divulge the terms of the tentative settlement, but a judge is expected to dismiss the entire case on November 28, 2015, after the formal settlement has been signed off on by both parties.
The case against Seward will proceed, however, according to the source.
Settlement talks began after Radar revealed that Alley never paid back any of her investors in Organic Liaison after selling the company to Jenny Craig, despite raking in $10 million in revenue.
PHOTOS: Sci-Fi Fallout! 13 Scientology Secrets Exposed In Film ‘Going Clear’
Among the other blockbuster developments of the case, Radar reported that Seward obtained a $68 million life insurance policies for Alley and then invested her $1.1 million commission back into Organic Liaisons.
Lawyers for Alley fought to keep her deposition sealed, and previously stated in legal documents, “Alley is a world-renowned actress with significant media interest in her activities. Consequently, the deposition transcript created in connection with her deposition has economic value to the media and to tabloid publications and/or is of interest to the media and to tabloid publications such that the parties stipulated to a protective order limiting the use, disclosure and dissemination of her deposition testimony and transcript. There is a great likelihood that disclosure of Alley’s personal and confidential information will be misused by the media to publicly harass, annoy, embarrass, and unduly burden Alley.”
“Not only is there significant media and tabloid attention given to celebrities in general but so too is there enormous media and tabloid attention surrounding the Church of Scientology and any celebrity involvement therewith,” the documents stated. “In order to avoid any damage to or public or private harassment of Alley through the dissemination, disclosure, or publication of private, confidential and/or proprietary information disclosed during Alley’s deposition, the record must be sealed.”
PHOTOS: Thetan Hatin’! From Tom & Katie To Kirstie & Maksim — Hollywood Stars Face Off Over Controversial Scientology Beliefs
With a settlement looming, the deposition will remain sealed forever.
The Stabiles’ attorney Rob Bastian had no comment about the latest developments. /n