 Robin Thicke Admits To Abusing Vicodin & Norco — 'I Didn't Do A Single Interview.../n
Robin Thicke‘s hit “Blurred Lines” is no coincidence.
The singer made shocking admissions during a deposition that was acknowledged in court on Monday — including bombshells about his drug and alcohol abuse, revealing that he was drunk or high during “every single interview” he did last year, RadarOnline.com is reporting.
While embroiled in a heated legal battle with legend Marvin Gaye‘s family over claims that Thicke, Pharrell Williams and T.I. ripped off is classic “Got To Give It Up,” the hit maker’s depositions were kept unsealed by the judge and first made public by The Hollywood Reporter.
PHOTOS: Cheating, Gay Lovers, Incest, Drugs & Lip Synching! 50 Of Hollywood’s Juiciest Confessions
Thicke, 37, and Williams, 41, gave their depositions in April and according to the report, both were “incredibly hostile.”
Oddly, Thicke fueled the fire for the Gayes’ lawsuit when he gave numerous statements and interviews about how inspirational Marvin was to him — and perhaps most detrimental was a quote in GQ where he says, “Pharrell and I were in the studio and I told him that one of my favorite songs of all time was Marvin Gaye’s ‘Got to Give It Up.’ I was like, ‘Damn, we should make something like that, something with that groove.’ Then he started playing a little something and we literally wrote the song in about a half hour and recorded it.”
So to explain away his comments, Thicke claims they were born out of jealousy and the influence of drugs and alcohol.
PHOTOS: Hollywood Bodyguards Tell All — Who Steals, Sexts, Does Drugs & More Star Secrets Revealed
“Were you present during the creation of ‘Blurred Lines’?” he was questioned.
“I was present. Obviously, I sang it. I had to be there,” Thicke answered.
“When the rhythm track was being created, were you there with Pharrell?” he was questioned.
PHOTOS: 12 Stars Who Sobered Up In Hollywood
“To be honest, that’s the only part where — I was high on Vicodin and alcohol when I showed up at the studio. So my recollection is when we made the song, I thought I wanted — I — I wanted to be more involved than I actually was by the time, nine months later, it became a huge hit and I wanted credit,” he said according to THR.
“So I started kind of convincing myself that I was a little more part of it than I was and I — because I didn’t want him — I wanted some credit for this big hit. But the reality is, is that Pharrell had the beat and he wrote almost every single part of the song.”
Furthermore, Thicke said he had a hard time recalling specific interviews because he “had a drug and alcohol problem for the year” and “didn’t do a sober interview.”
PHOTOS: Stars Who Have Been To Rehab
Even while appearing on Oprah Winfrey‘s show with his 4-year-old son, Thicke admitted he was drunk and on Norco, which he described as “like two Vicodin in one pill.”
And while Thicke’s wandering eye (and hands!) was thought to be the reason his wife of almost nine years, Paula Patton, left him, Thicke blamed the drugs saying, “I told my wife the truth. That’s why she left me.”
Thicke said in April he’d been sober for many months — from Vicodin, but not alcohol.
The two music moguls’ attorney’s tried hard to keep the depositions private, arguing that they were not relevant and would be used to “distract attention from the real issues and to embarrass, harass, and annoy Plaintiffs.” /n