Janice Dickinson Says Kendall Jenner Is Not a Supermodel: ‘She Can’t Beat Me’/n





                    Janice Dickinson Suing Bill Cosby for Defamation
                







'Justice and Vindication'

 MORE >>





Janice Dickinson has reason to believe that Kendall Jenner and Kim Kardashian aren’t really models.

Dickinson, who has appeared on the cover of Vogue nearly 40 times, argues that Jenner and Kardashian don’t deserve to be held up to supermodel status. In an interview on The Tomorrow Show With Keven Undergaro, she said of Jenner, “I think she’s lovely. Don’t get me wrong, but I don’t think she’s a supermodel, I don’t.”
She says that Jenner and Gigi Hadid are only in high-demand with designers and photographers due to their popularity on social media. “Give me a break. You think that’s supermodel?” said Dickinson while looking at a photo of Jenner. “That is not supermodel … She can’t beat me. She can’t. Apples and oranges.”
Dickinson said that she was “shocked and disappointed” when she learned that Anna Wintour would feature Kardashian and Kanye West on the cover of Vogue after their wedding in 2014.
“Kim Kardashian made the cover of Vogue, which made me want to vomit. It was crazy,” said Dickinson. “They’re not models! They’re reality TV stars! You know, modeling is extremely hard work, you have to have perfect proportions. The Kardashians do not have couture proportion.”


Kim Kardashian's 36 Sexiest Instagram Photos








































36 Photos »


Earlier in the year, Rebecca Romijn said that Hadid and Jenner are “not true supermodels” in an interview with Entertainment Tonight. “I know a lot of people — legitimate fashion people — can’t stand it. Hate it that these, you know, social media stars are now the supermodels in fashion. They are not true supermodels.” She later clarified her remarks and said that modeling “is not a competition and we don’t get anything out of pitting women against each other.”
Watch Dickinson’s interview in the video at the top of the page.
/n