‘The Voice’ Preview: A Big Scream and a Big Chance (VIDEO)/n





                    'The Voice': The Kids Have It
                







On night four, the young ones dominated the auditions. 

 MORE >>










                    New Coaches for 'The Voice'
                







Shakira and Usher will replace Christina and Cee Lo in Season 4. 

 MORE >>





 While Monday’s blind auditions on NBC’s The Voice showcased a ton of young talent and quirky auditioners, it looks like Tuesday will be all about the big moments and the constant sparring between the judges.
One performer who graces the stage has a scream that Adam Levine says “should be heard by the entire world.” This singer is so good, he says, “You could wind up winning this thing. I think you’re that special.”
What coach did Christina Aguilera compare him too?

The “Your Body” singer told the hopeful, “I did love your screams. That was amazing. Honestly, you kind of sounded like you had a little bit of an Adam tone in you.”


'the voice' season 3 teams: the performers 








































72 Photos »


Always quick with the punch lines, Blake Shelton then quipped, “I don’t think he sounded like a jackass at all.”
In addition to this mysterious man with a big scream, Wednesday’s blind auditions will also feature a former graduate student taking a big chance on his music career.
“I sacrificed everything for music. I abandoned a professional degree in grad school. I moved home. If nobody turns around for me, maybe my parents were right. Maybe my gut was not right in this case,” says the nervous contender.


the scene at 'The Voice' press junket in malibu








































8 Photos »



Team Adam added four performers to his group Monday night including Adanna Duru, Alessandra Guerico, Brian Scartocci and Melanie Martinez bringing the total for his team up to nine. Team Christina also has nine performers after the singer snagged duo Beat Frequency and Pauline on night four.
Cee Lo Green snatched up crowd pleaser Avery Wilson in addition to the eccentric Nicholas David and YouTube sensation JR Aquino. Team Cee Lo now has seven singers hoping to become the voice. Meanwhile, Team Blake won over country singer Liz Davis and Kelly Crapa.
The Voice airs Tuesday at 8 PM on NBC.
Whose team are you rooting for so far? Sound off in the comments below!

brightcove.createExperiences();

 
/n