Ronda Rousey Is The Belle Of The Marine Corps Ball — Keeps Promise & Attends Dance With A 'Real Sweetheart'/n

So sweet!
As we reported, one of Ronda Rousey's biggest fans courageously asked the UFC champ to be his date to the Marine Corps Ball in South Carolina. The 28-year-old was flattered by the offer and agreed to be his +1!
Turns out, Miz Rousey followed through on her commitment despite her recent defeat by Holly Holm and her blossoming relationship with BF Travis Browne!
Reporters caught up with the California native as she returned to LAX on Saturday after attending the ball on Friday night. She told TMZ of her night out with Marine Lance Cpl. Jarrod Haschert:
"He was a real gentleman and a real sweetheart. It was the only smiling I've been doing, I think."
Lots of smiling, but no dancing:
"I don't dance in public."
It's probably best she saves her energy for the highly-anticipated rematch with Holm!
Related: Amber Rose Has A Crush On Ronda!
When asked if she plans to keep in touch with Haschert, the mixed martial artist quipped: 
"I told him that I would be personally offended if he ever came in town and didn't hit me up."
If we were him, we'd definitely take Ronda up on that offer!!
The day before attending the ball, Rousey said she was grateful for a distraction after her disappointing loss:
"Honestly, I probably would stay on my couch crying and eating ice cream for like another month if he didn't ask me to go."
A source told ESPN:
"After the fight, she never hesitated for a second whether or not she was going to attend. She made a promise to a Marine and was going to keep that promise. It was as simple as that. That's Ronda."
We LOVES it!!!
Ch-ch-check out some of the snaps of Ronda's southern night out (below)!




Greatest picture of my life! She is so down to earth in person! @rondarouseyA photo posted by Sean Andrew Wenner (@seanwenner) on Dec 11, 2015 at 5:01pm PST






Met Ronda Rousey at the ball. Be jealous. #USMCball2015A photo posted by M.K. (@marisakatt) on Dec 11, 2015 at 5:19pm PST






Barely got her but Ronda was awesomeA photo posted by Johnson (@johnsonlb) on Dec 11, 2015 at 5:25pm PST






Finally tracked this photo down! Shoutout to @rondarousey the group selfie #ComeBackSoon #rondarousey #myrtlebeach #marineball2015A photo posted by Johnson (@johnsonlb) on Dec 12, 2015 at 7:16am PST






OMG IS THIS REAL LIFE???? @rondarouseyA photo posted by Bri (@breezymac) on Dec 11, 2015 at 8:09pm PST






The Lovely Rhonda Rousey at the 2015 Marine Corp BallA photo posted by Beth Norris (@bethnorris2015) on Dec 12, 2015 at 9:01am PST


What a class act!
[Image via Instagram.]
/n