Ariel Winter Responds to Critics of the Revealing Minidress She Wore to ‘Modern Family’ Panel/n





                    Ariel Winter Flaunts Underboob in Coachella Photos
                







She's desert dreaming

 MORE >>





Ariel Winter clapped back at those who criticized the gold-plated minidress she wore to Wednesday’s Modern Family panel.

People were quick to point out that Winter’s metallic ensemble was significantly more revealing and more formal than the jeans and button-up shirts that were work by her co-stars at the For Your Consideration event presented by the Television Academy in North Hollywood.

Embed from Getty Images



Winter, an outspoken advocate for body positivity and individuality, spoke out in defense of her outfit choice on Twitter and Instagram on Thursday (May 4, 2017).
“Why…does anyone care that I didn’t dress casual like everyone else for the panel? Why do I have to be like everyone else? Why can’t people just let other people feel good about themselves and do what they want?” Winter wrote in her note.
“WEAR WHATEVER YOU WANT, PEOPLE. As long as you feel good about yourself, that’s what matters. I know I did. Don’t ever let anyone stifle who you are and how you express yourself.”


pic.twitter.com/WYvXjSKUpV
— Ariel Winter (@arielwinter1) May 5, 2017



Ariel Winter Flaunts Her Bikini Body at Bootsy Bellows' Coachella Party








































6 Photos »


In an interview with Yahoo! Style, Winter expressed her opinion on how women are criticized for posting revealing photos of themselves while men have more freedom to do the exact same thing.
“Guys, all the time, go on their Instagrams and take pictures nude with guitars in front of their stuff. No one says anything. Nobody cares,” Winter said. “When we try to be free and post what we want, it’s like, look at that slut on social media. That’s not what it is. We’re proud of our bodies. We’re proud of who we are. We’re made the way we are. Why do we care? If I take a picture and I think it looks good — if it’s a little revealing, whatever.”
/n