 EXCLUSIVE: Westboro Baptist Church 'Using Elizabeth Taylor's Death To Further Their Own.../n
Elizabeth Taylor’s close friend and personal assistant Sally Morrison has told RadarOnline.com: “I hope the Westboro Baptist Church does not picket her funeral.”
The controversial ant-gay Baptist church had intimated after the screen legend’s passing that they would target her funeral because of her work with HIV/AIDS patients.
PHOTOS: Elizabeth Taylor Through The Years
Margie Phelps, a church member and legal spokesperson, used her Twitter account yesterday to launch a sickening and foul attack against the 79-year-old film icon and activist after her death.
She wrote: “No RIP Elizabeth Taylor who spent her life in adultery and enabling proud f*gs. They cuss her in hell today. #Westboro will picket funeral!”
TWEET PIC: See Star Trek’s George Takei Message To Fred Phelps
And later:“Hello rebels! RIP Elizabeth Taylor is in hell as sure as you’re reading this & getting mad as a wet hen. She should’ve obeyed God. Too late!”
PHOTOS: Elizabeth Taylor And Her Life’s Loves
Following the hateful statements Morrison told RadarOnline.com: “I hope the Westboro Baptist Church do not picket the funeral.
“Obviously, they are entitled to their own opinions but we are going to take the high ground over this.
“My personal view is that it is really disappointing that they are using Elizabeth Taylor’s death to further their own agenda.
EXCLUSIVE: Kathy Hilton On Elizabeth Taylor: ‘She Will Be Remembered And Missed Very Much’
“It is really, really, disturbing that they use this tactic when a lot of people are going through personal grief.
“I have no idea how Elizabeth would have reacted to them and we will just have to wait and see if they picket her funeral but I hope not.”
The controversial independent church has received a lot of criticism for picketing the funerals of military servicemen in the past and is known for it’s publicity grabbing stunts including the burning of the American flag.
EXCLUSIVE: Zsa Zsa Gabor Says ‘I’m Next’ After Learning Of Elizabeth Taylor’s Death, Rushed To Hospital
The Kansas based church – which was founded by Fred Phelps – has been actively involved in the anti-gay movement since 1991. They also are known for their hardcore anti-Semitic, anti-Catholic and racist stance.
It has 71 members – mostly from Phelps’ large family – and has previously demonstrated at Elizabeth Edwards, Heath Ledger and Natasha Richardson’s funerals in an attempt to garner publicity.
The Westboro is not affiliated with any known Baptist conventions or associations and is widely described as a hate group.
PHOTOS: Stars Who Died In Bizarre Ways 
The church describes itself as following Primitive Baptist  and Calvinist  principles,  though mainstream Primitive Baptists reject both the WBC and Fred Phelps.
 
RELATED STORIES:
Elizabeth Taylor’s Son: ‘My Mother Was An Extraordinary Woman’
Elizabeth Taylor Dead At 79
HOTOS: Stars Who Look Like Other Stars 
PHOTOS: The Name Game – Celebs Who’ve Changed Their Names /n