Did She Really Say That?!? Jessica Biel Tells Racy Pre-Wedding Story On Letterman/n
By Radar Staff
In her first interview following her wedding to Justin Timberlake last month, Jessica Biel appeared on The Late Show with David Letterman Monday, telling Dave a racy story about an experience she had shortly before she became Mrs. SexyBack.
Jessica confirmed the hush-hush nature of her October 19 wedding in Southern Italy, saying she and JT “wanted to keep it as much of a secret as we could…so I kinda got really obsessed with this CIA operative kind of scheme.”
PHOTOS: Justin Timberlake & Jessica Biel Pass Out Supplies To Superstorm Sandy Victims
The 30-year-old beauty said she and a pal took a retreat to a spa in the Swiss Alps just before the wedding, which made for an awkward culture clash when she decided to sweat it out in a bathhouse.
“We’re in the spa, in the sauna and in walked two husky Austrian men…OK, I thought this is a little unusual but we’re in Europe…I didn’t really know what the protocol was,” the Total Recall star said, noting she wore a bikini that day. “They drop their towels — they are butt naked!
PHOTOS: Justin Timberlake And Jessica Biel Tie The Knot In Italy
“Older, husky men — they were naked and I’m in the middle of them!” she said. “I look over and I realize, yes it is confirmed, there are balls on wood! Not just naked, but balls on wood Dave!
“I was so stunned … I just laid there sandwiched in between these [guys,]” the Hitchcock star, looking stylish in a Roland Mouret dress, told Letterman. “We found out later this is very normal.”
PHOTOS: Jessica Biel Brings Her Sexy Back To W Magazine Golden Globes Party
Watch the video on RadarOnline.com
As we previously reported, guests at the couple’s lavish $6.5 million wedding included That’s My Boy star Andy Samberg, music manager Johnny Wright, Justin’s former *NSYNC bandmate Chris Kirkpatrick, Timbaland and 7th Heaven beauty Beverley Mitchell.
Hitchcock hits select theaters on Friday, November 23.



 
RELATED STORIES:
He Put A Ring On It! Justin Timberlake Proudly Shows Off His Wedding Band
PHOTOS: Jessica Biel Shows Off Her Booty In A Sexy Bikini
Justin Timberlake & Jessica Biel’s $6.5M Wedding: One Of The Most Expensive In Celeb History!
Justin Timberlake & Jessica Biel Throw Pre-Wedding Bash In Italy /n