‘Real Housewives of Beverly Hills’ Recap: Yolanda Foster’s Sing-A-Long Irks Taylor Armstrong/n
Taylor Armstrong annoys Yolanda Foster, while Lisa Vanderpump and Adrienne Maloof hash things out on Bravo’s The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills.
New housewife Yolanda made a great impression on the elder stateswomen housewives on the last episode. The ladies seemed as if they were all vying for the Dutch beauty’s attention. What a difference a dinner party makes…
Note: Spoilers ahead if you haven’t watched Monday’s episode, “Don’t Sing for Your Supper.”
Yolanda decided to throw a little dinner party for Lisa, Adrienne, Taylor, Kyle and Kim Richards. Meanwhile, Adrienne and Lisa’s cold war raged on.
 

The Cast of 'rhobh' season 3








































18 Photos »



Adrienne and Dr. Paul Nassif maintained Lisa and hubby Ken Toddowed Adrienne an apology if their friendship was ever going to get back on track. The couple hoped Lisa would put their issues behind them and be friendly at the party.
Once the trio arrived, Lisa gave both Paul and Adrienne the cold shoulder, which irked the plastic surgeon. Let the fun begin!
As dinner got underway, Taylor started to trash talk missing-in-action housewife Brandi Glanville. Taylor seemed to take what Brandi said about her at Lisa’s party to heart. Taylor’s behavior didn’t go unnoticed by Yolanda, who seemed very annoyed by her mean girl attitude and gossiping ways.
 

inside adrienne's house party








































8 Photos »



After dinner, Yolanda’s husband, Grammy-winning songwriter and producer David Foster, gathered the guest by the piano to listen to music performed by some of his musician partygoers. David joked that while his musician friends were around, the others should just listen and not sing.
An irritated Taylor began to make snide remarks, following David’s comments. Lighten up, Taylor!
When David’s guest began to sing “Danny Boy,” Taylor commented about having been through enough sadness. She insisted they play something else, STAT!
 

'rhobh' goes to hawaii








































17 Photos »



Yolanda was not amused by Taylor’s antics, but gracious host that she is, thanked everyone for coming out. Don’t look for those two to make any music together anytime soon.
Buzz Moments
OMG!: Kim trying to live through her daughter Kimberly, as she attends prom. Let it go, Kim.
Thank you, TV gods.: Lisa and Adrienne deciding to talk about their stand-off. It is about time they did.
Awk-ward: David calling Taylor Kim, and it being revealed he was married to Taylor’s friend.  Can we say, “uncomfortable”?
Hotness: The women’s outfits at dinner. They do get gussied up for a small dinner party.
Fab-u-lous: Yolanda’s home. How phenomenal is that place? If she ever needs a roommate, I’m there!
Can. Not. Wait.: I’m dying to see Lisa and Adrienne finally talk out their issues more, and Brandi and Kim as well.
Celebuzz Meter (1-10): 8.5
Was Taylor rude at Yolanda’s party? Will Lisa and Adrienne work their issues out? Sound off below!
– Jillian Bowe
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n