 J.Lo Talks Father's Day With BF A.Rod & Ex Marc — Turns A Blind Eye To Cheating!.../n
Jennifer Lopez ignored boyfriend Alex Rodriguez‘s dubious cheating scandal this week, insisting that the pair will enjoy Father’s Day together — possibly along with her ex-husband, Marc Anthony.
“It’s so great. Everybody gets along so well. We’re so blessed. We have beautiful children; we have love in our life and we’re just great,” she told E! ahead of her All I Have concert residency at the AXIS at the Planet Hollywood Resort & Casino in Las Vegas.
Lopez shares 9-year-old twins Emme and Max with Anthony, while Rodriguez is father to daughters Natasha, 12, and Ella, 9.
PHOTOS: Top Ten Most Raunchy Details About A-Rod’s Steamy Affair With Lauren Hunter
The couple has been pictured enjoying several family outings together with their kids — even in the face of the retired baseball star’s two-timing bombshell.
Earlier this week, Radar revealed the explosive National ENQUIRER interview with A-Rod’s mistress, Lauren Hunter.
In the blockbuster exposé, Hunter, 34, detailed her raunchy romps with the former All-Star — including wild nights of rough sex, dirty talk and twisted pleas for masturbation videos!
PHOTOS: Inside Alex Rodriguez’s Raunchy Past Of Affairs, Sex Secrets & Scandals
“His biggest fetish is voyeurism,” Hunter dished. “He would rather see me getting pleasure than him get pleasure. I’ve been on trips to New York and we’ve not even had sex, he’s just pleased me. He gets himself off. It’s just strange.
“Sex is not soft and gentle, he’s rough. He is good in bed, and well endowed; he’s circumcised! I don’t think he’s ever made love to anybody, ever.”
After those awkward details came to light, J-Rod tried to show that they were still strong together.
PHOTOS: J.Lo’s Nightmare! Alex Rodriguez’s Fitness Model Mistress Spotted For First Time
Meanwhile, friends say Lopez is in denial, refusing to leave and unwilling to admit what a cad Rodriguez really is.
“Everyone knows what a creep he is,” an insider explained. “But she will turn against anyone who goes up against the perfect image she has created for the two of them.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n