Two Men Arrested For The Double Murder Involving RHONJ Star Kim DePaola's Audi/n

What a terribly tragic story.
As we previously reported, on Friday two deceased bodies were found in a now burned Audi belonging to Real Housewives Of New Jersey vet Kim DePaola. A few days after the vehicle was discovered, it was revealed that the police were able to identify the charred victims.
According to the Passaic County Prosecutor's Office, 27-year-old Aaron Anderson and 25-year-old Antonio Vega Jr. were the ones discovered inside the vehicle after being shot. Sadly, we weren't surprised to learn that Anderson was one of the victims as Miz DePaola shared he was one of the last people to drive the car.
Related: Andy Cohen Calls Donald Trump A Real Housewife! 
Apparently, the Audi belonged to Kim D but was regularly used by her son, Chris Camiscioli. As the Bravolebrity dished in an interview, her son asked Aaron to drive him to the airport and then drop the car off at the house. Clearly something happened between the airport and the car drop off, as Aaron went MIA. While Kim was vehement that gang activity was involved in this crime, two gentlemen have since been arrested — there names being  Clarence Williams and Gerry Thomas.
Around 11 p.m. on Monday evening both Williams and Thomas were taken into custody in Paterson, NJ. They've since been charged with felony murder, conspiracy, robbery, arson, and possession of a firearm for unlawful purposes. Supposedly, the police are looking into whether or not this incident was drug-related. Intense stuff.
According to Anderson's mother, Michelle Ryerson the police told her that the victims were shot in the head and set on fire amid a robbery. What's odd is, Clarence was reportedly friends with Michelle's son. Now the motive for these murders have yet to be confirmed, but Ryerson is convinced her flesh-and-blood was killed out of revenge. Why?
Allegedly, Aaron had been accused of ratting out a criminal who had been apprehended for attempted murder. Although, Michelle defends her son never snitched. She told DailyMail.com (prior to Clarence and Gerry's arrests):

"It is a revenge thing and it's just jealousy. My son was loved by everybody, all his friends loved him."
Our thoughts are with the victims' loved ones during this troubling time.
[Image via Instagram.]
/n