10 Important Lessons We Learned from Marge & Homer Simpson's Marriage/n
Say it ain’t so.  
On The Simpsons‘ Sunday season 27 premiere (yes, season 27 – we’re all very old), Marge files for legal separation from Homer. In the episode, titled “Every Man’s Dream,” Homer has a fling with a young pharmacist named Candace, voiced by Lena Dunham.   
While we’re excited that Dunham and the whole Girls crew – Allison Williams, Zosia Mamet and Jemima Kirke – will be in the episode, we’re devastated by the main plot point. Homer and Marge were perfect for each other, even though one of them was clearly smarter, sexier and just all-around better than the other. (We’ll let you guess who.)  
Despite some glaring incompatibilities – for example, the fact that Homer doesn’t see anything wrong with adopting a pet pig against Marge’s wishes, a move that encapsulates several of his flaws – they made it work. And they were happy. Mostly.  
In honor of their decades-long marriage, we’ve compiled every important lesson they taught us about married life.  
1. Set aside time for date night. (Eating fast food in a car counts).
2. Find the romance in every situation. Even when there’s literally a baby crawling on your head.
3. Reject the notion that married life is dull.
4. Make an effort to look fooinnneee for your spouse.
5. Understand that beds should be used for cuddling just as much as for that other bed thing.
6. Oh, and also make sure to do that other bed thing.
7. Challenge your partner to be a better person. 
8. Even if you and your spouse face vast, vast disparities in intelligence, you must still commit to co-parenting.
9. Tolerate your in-laws. At least as much as is humanly possible.
10. Celebrate the happy times with the same frequency that you yell at each other for unforgivable failures.
We still have our fingers crossed Marge and Homer will make things work. If movies, television and inspirational stories about lost puppies have taught us anything, it’s that separation isn’t necessary the end.
/n