Teresa's Cheating Scandal EXPOSED: Giudice Caught With Another Man Behind Joe's Back/n
Look out, Joe! Teresa Giudice is rumored to have started a romance with a New Jersey businessman, RadarOnline.com has learned.
According to Us Weekly, the Turning the Tables author “hasn’t visited Joe [in prison] for a few months.”
Costar and recent frenemy Kim DePaola claimed the reality star’s extramarital relationship has been going on for at least that long.
PHOTOS: Busted? Joe Giudice’s Suspected Cheating History — Teresa Betrayed In 15 Photos, See The Women He’s Believed To Have Been With
“They’ve been pretty cozy I’m going to say in the last five months,” she told Us, defending Teresa’s behavior. “I think she has every right to go out and find somebody else. She should leave Joe.”
As Radar readers know, Joe was caught on dinner dates with other women on multiple occasions during Teresa’s time served behind bars.
When asked how she caught wind of Teresa’s new romance, DePaola claimed she first heard from her glam squad.
PHOTOS: A New Low? Joe Giudice Drinks & Parties With Other Women Right In Front Of Teresa
“The girl who does my hair told me, ‘I saw Teresa out with a guy.’ She said she saw Teresa playing footsie — you know, doing her thing. They were hugging and snuggling.”
What’s more, DePaola says she received additional information from another source soon after.
“Somebody dropped off an envelope for me at [my store],” the reality star revealed. “It said ‘For Kim D Only’ on the envelope.”
PHOTOS: Jailbird Juicy Joe Giudice’s Boozy Benders & Wild Antics Exposed
Inside, the note claimed Teresa “has been fooling around” with a New Jersey local, and “constantly sexting him.”
Meanwhile, Giudice’s attorney, James J. Leonard Jr., said Teresa “vehemently denies” the claims, calling them “100 percent false and have been manufactured by attention-seeking lowlifes who have no moral compass.”
“The only man in Teresa’s life is Joe Giudice. Period. End of story,” Leonard Jr. added.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n