Gotham Actor Donal Logue Makes Another Plea For The Safe Return Of His Missing Daughter Jade/n

This remains so heartbreaking and scary.
Donal Logue, a longtime actor best known for roles on Gotham and other television shows, has been dealing with the unimaginable all week: his teenage daughter Jade, who also goes by Arlo, has been missing and unaccounted for since Monday.
Related: Mariah Carey Caught In The Middle Of International Corruption Scandal
On Saturday night, in another impassioned plea as he did earlier this week, Logue shared a picture of Jade (above) and a very special message, begging for her safe return home.
Here's the full text of his long, meaningful, touching message (below): 

"This is my daughter, Jade. It's one of my favorite photos of her taken from a happier time (thanks, Natasha Cotroneo). I love all people and have met tons, but honestly (I'm biased) there's never been a more loving, innocent, cuddly child than Jade. I love her and who she is and her tribe is strong (I've met many wonderful people through Jade), but there are some predators who swim among their ranks knowing they're dealing with sweet, trusting souls. We want you home Jade. Whoever knows where she is, whoever may be with her– clearly this thing has become big and crazy. The net has been flung far and wide and luckily, I have dogged teams from the NYPD, FBI and others involved. The point is, you may have had good intentions to help her, but realize that now it's bigger than you could have ever anticipated. It's okay. Just drop her off. Let her get back in touch with her mother, Kasey, or me - and we'll take her back, with hugs and no questions asked. Contact us If you have any information regarding Jade's disappearance or Detective Frank Liuzzi at 718 636 6547. There is an "out" for this situation that works for all involved. We promise."
And here it is with the picture in full from Logue's Facebook page, too (below):

Absolutely heartbreaking.
In the unlikely chance that you may know anything, please get in contact with the NYPD as Logue begs above — and let's all hope and pray for the safe, unharmed return of this sweet girl to her family.
[Image via Dennis Van Tine/Future Image/WENN/Facebook.]
/n