Sylvester Stallone's Three Daughters Sophia, Sistine and Scarlet Make History by Jointly Being Named Miss Golden Globes 2017 The honoree is traditionally the son or daughter of one of the industry's most respected actors, directors.../n
Sylvester Stallone has to be feeling three times as proud today...The Hollywood Foreign Press Association has named the actor's three daughters, Sophia, Sistine and Scarlet, as their join Miss Golden Globes 2017—the first time multiple siblings have been chosen for the role.The official Golden Globes Instagram account announced the news on Thursday, sharing a photo of the dad with his three girls and writing, "Breaking! This year the 2017 Miss Golden Globe will be @sophiastallone, @sistinestallone, & @scarlet_stallone, the daughters of @officialslystallone! Photo by @inezandvinoodh."The girls also released a joint statement, expressing their excitement. "We're thrilled to not only be part of the Golden Globe tradition, but to be making history as the first set of siblings ever chosen for the title and duties," they said. "We are proud to be part of the HFPA family, an organization that multiple times has recognized our father's work in film."

The honoree is traditionally the son or daughter of one of the industry's most respected actors, directors or producers of our time and assists during the Golden Globe Awards ceremony.As President of the HFPA, Lorenzo Soria, explained, "For the first time in Golden Globe history, we have proudly selected not one but three Miss Golden Globe representatives. The Stallone sisters will continue our time honored tradition of handing out the statuettes at the awards ceremony," he said. "Each of the lovely young women in the triad have had success whether it be in academics, sports or pursuing a modeling career. With being raised by such role models Sylvester and Jennifer, we can't wait to see what the future has in store for these ladies."The family celebrated the exciting news and the kick off to awards season with the HFPA at the Los Angeles hot spot, Catch LA.

Last year, Jamie Foxx's daughter, Corinne, took on the exciting task.Meanwhile, the HFPA also recently announced that Meryl Streep will be honored with the Cecil B. Mille award for her "incredible impact on the world of entertainment." The Golden Globes will air Sunday, January 8, 2017, at 8 p.m. EST.
/n