TV Buzz: FOX Tuesday Schedule Changes for ‘X Factor’; ABC Family Kicks Off 13 Nights of Halloween/n





                    'x factor' recap: brit and l.a.
                







The two judges reveal their final four on the FOX reality show. 

 MORE >>










                    'AHS' Ratings Premiere High
                









 MORE >>





 ABC Family is launching its annual 13 Nights of Halloween programming Friday with Harry Potter, The Mummy and an Addams Family double feature. The spookiness begins at 1 PM with the sixth installment of the Harry Potter series, Harry Potter and the Half Blood Prince. You can visit the network’s website for a full schedule. [ABC Family]
When will we see the end of Wednesday’s The X Factor?

After the scheduling debacle with FOX’s The X Factor, which was partially pre-empted due to the MLB playoffs, the network had originally announced it will re-air the entire two hour broadcast on Tuesday.  On Friday, FOX announced that it will now air the one-hour conclusion of the “Judges Home” round at 9:30 PM on Tuesday, Oct. 23. This schedule change leaves most of the FOX Tuesday comedy block intact with new episodes of Raising Hope, Ben and Kate and New Girl airing in their respective timeslots form 8 – 9:30 PM that night. Freshman comedy The Mindy Project will still be pre-empted. [FOX]
 

the many faces of 'the x factor's' britney spears








































23 Photos »



CBS won the ratings game Thursday with The Big Bang Theory and Two and a Half Men with 15.4 and 13.6 million viewers respectively. Men’s ratings were up as compared to last week possibly due to guest star Miley Cyrus. ABC’s Last Resort also up in the ad-coveted demo with 7.3 million viewers respectively. Meanwhile The CW’s reboot of Beauty and the Beast lost 40 percent of its audience from last week’s premiere with 2 million total viewers tuning in. Meanwhile its lead-in, The Vampire Diaries, lost 25 percent with 2.7 million total viewers. [Variety]
Two of the boys of ABC Family’s Pretty Little Liars are giving you the chance to ask them your questions before the premiere of the Pretty Little Liars Halloween special. Tyler Blackburn (Caleb) and Keegan Allen (Toby) are having a live one-hour Ustream at 3 PM PT/6 PM ET on Monday, Oct. 22. The chat will be hosted by Entertainment Weekly’s Tanner Stransky and can be seen on the PLL Facebook page, EW.com, and Ustream. [ABC Family]
A day after Wyclef Jean tweeted a scantily clad image of himself on his hog, he tweeted another photo of himself fully clothed — actually in a very smart suit — which broke news: A recurring role on ABC’s new series, Nashville. ABC confirms that he will appear on multiple episodes, but didn’t disclose who he’s playing. [Zap2it]
TNT’s Dallas has found a sibling for Elena (Jordana Brewster). Mexican actor, Kuno Becker, will join next season. A troubled teen who straightened out in the military, the character may become a threat to the Ewing oil fortune. American audiences may remember him in a recurring role from the final season of CSI: Miami or on the short lived series, The Defenders. [TVGuide.com]
ABC is showing some confidence in its new dramas Last Resort and 666 Park. It has ordered two more scripts from both series. So far this fall season, NBC’s Animal Practice and CBS’ Made in Jersey have been pulled from airing. [TVLine]

brightcove.createExperiences();

/n