2012 Grammy Awards - All The Winners/n
By Alexis Tereszcuk – Radar Senior Reporter
UPDATE: Adele wins Album of the Year for 21!
UPDATE: Adele wins again! She takes home Record of the Year for Rolling in the Deep!
UPDATE: Jennifer Hudson gives an amazing performance of Whitney Houston‘s “I Will Always Love You!”
UPDATE: Best New Artist award goes to Bon Iver
UPDATE: Best Country Album winner is Lady Antebellum for “Own the Night”
UPDATE: Song of the Year goes to Adele for “Rolling in the Deep”
UPDATE: Best R&B Album winner is Chris Brown for F.A.M.E.
UPDATE: The Foo Fighters win Best Rock Performance for “Walk!”
UPDATE: Kanye West and Jay-Z win Best Rap Performance for “Otis”
UPDATE: Adele wins Best Pop Solo Performance for “Someone Like You!”
UPDATE: Touching videos of Whitney Houston‘s Grammy wins – she looked gorgeous every time!
UPDATE: LL Cool J opened the show with a prayer for Whitney. “Heavenly Father, we thank you for sharing our sister Whitney with us. Today, our thoughts are with her mother, her daughter, and all of her loved ones, and although she’s gone too soon, we remain truly blessed to have been blessed by her beautiful spirit.”
UPDATE: Lots of Awards given out pre-show – Bon Iver won Best Alternative Music Album, Best Hard Rock/Metal Performance “White Limo,” Best Rock Song “Walk,” Best Rock Album “Wasting Light” winner Foo Fighters, Best Country Solo Performance winner Taylor Swift for “Mean.”
***
The shocking death of Whitney Houston is going to cast a great sadness over the star studded 2012 Grammy Awards, but the show will go on.
On the night that all of music’s greatest talents gather to celebrate their accomplishments, Whitney will be lovingly honored by the friends and fans that loved her, and RadarOnline.com will have the live updates of the tributes, winners, big moments and everything else that happens at the 54th Annual Grammy Awards!
Jennifer Hudson is expected to be performing a tribute to Whitney, which will showcase her amazing vocal talents.
PHOTOS: Stars Arrive At The 2012 Grammy Awards
Adele is nominated for six Grammys and will be performing, Kanye West is up for seven, and Skillrex‘s nomination for Best New Artist makes this the category one to watch! Chris Brown will be performing tonight and Rihanna will be teaming up to perform with Chris Martin and Coldplay.
Check back with RadarOnline.com for the inside scoop from the Staples Center in downtown Los Angeles where music royalty will celebrate the 2012 Grammy Awards.
 
PHOTOS: The Best, Worst & Wackiest Fashions At The 2012 Grammy Awards
See below for the complete list of winners:
***
/n