How Are Olympians Ryan Lochte & Laurie Hernandez Doing On Dancing With The Stars So Far?? Get The Dirt In This Day 1 Update!/n

So… they think they can dance with the stars, huh?
Laurie Hernandez and Ryan Lochte only just got back from the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janiero two weeks ago — to devastatingly different results — but they couldn't stay out of competition mode for long!
The gold medalists are just two of the 13 celebs fighting it out on Dancing with the Stars this Fall… and the grueling rehearsal process has already begun.
Video: Amber Rose & Maks Chmerkovskiy — DWTS Day 1 Update
As you may have seen, ABC brought Cheryl Burke out of DWTS retirement in order to give Ryan a more high-profile pro… but how does she feel about dancing alongside the shamed swimmer?
Well, according to her blog post on Wednesday, the two-time Mirrorball Trophy champ is happy to provide a distraction for her partner, saying: 

"I've been paired with Olympian Ryan Lochte and I couldn't be happier. I've worked with athletes like Chad Ochocinco and Emmitt Smith in the past and I've always been impressed by their work ethic — and Ryan is no different. He shows up on time, ready to work, takes constructive criticism well and wants to keep practicing until he's perfect.
The Olympics are over, so we luckily don't have to balance our rehearsals with Ryan's training schedule. But with everything going on in his life right now, there is a lot on his mind. I'm really glad that I can be there now as a distraction. The show has given him something else to focus on: getting ready to dance in front of millions of people. I think this opportunity came at the perfect time for him. He's a competitor and loves competition and I think it's great that he has a new goal to tackle. I can't wait to get out there and help him become the best dancer he can be."
If she's already talking about his Rio lie, then hopefully that means the show will actually address it as well, and not just sweep it under rug.
Related: Here's Why Simone Biles Isn't Dancing With The Stars Just Yet
On the other hand, 16-year-old Laurie and pro partner Val Chmerkovskiy are purely focused on winning. And judging by her Day 1 ballroom routine… we think they stand a pretty strong chance!
Just look at how AH-Mazingly she's nailing the complicated choreography (and subsequent secret handshake)!!




still need a lot of work on the frame. but eyyyyy we already got a handshake.🙌🏼🙌🏽 so excited for the season. Helping this incredible girl reach her ballroom dreams. She's is a real gem.💎 #DWTS @lauriehernandez_ #teamValaurA video posted by Valentin (@iamvalc) on Aug 31, 2016 at 11:16am PDT


YAS!!!
Plus, Val and Laurie came up with #TeamValaur as their team name, which means this teenager is probably a Pokémon Go fan as well as a national hero — could she get any cuter?!
Who do U want to see shine when Dancing with the Stars premieres Monday, September 12 at 8 p.m. EST on ABC??
[Image via Dancing with the Stars/Instagram.]
/n