Hailey Baldwin to OG Supermodels: ‘We’re Not Trying to Take Anybody’s Spot’ and More Celebrity News/n
Here are some of the news stories that you may have missed today, featuring Hailey Baldwin, Mary J Blige, Colin Farrell and more.

While some of the original supermodels — including Rebecca Romijn and Stephanie Seymour — have questioned Kendall Jenner and Gigi Hadid’s status as the same, Hailey Baldwin stepped up to say that she and her friends are just trying to make their way in the industry. [Us Weekly]
Mary J. Blige’s estranged husband is demanding a 6-figure check from her … EVERY month, while they hash out their divorce. [TMZ]
In January of this year, Colin Farrell was papped holding hands with his then-new girlfriend. In March he took her to see Adele in Ireland. [Lainey Gossip]
The Queen of Salsa, Celia Cruz, lives on! The series Celia was just added to Netflix. The 80-episode, Spanish-language telenovela, produced by Fox Telecolombia, tells the story of the late singer’s life. [Latina]
Robert Pattinson and Sienna Miller looking pretty at The Lost City of Z screening. See the pics. [Socialite Life]
Rumors abound right now that Taylor Swift is releasing a new album on October 23. And to all of them, I say: You are wrong, and I’m sorry, and I am right (about everything, but especially this). [MTV]
Shock jock Howard Stern has heard a lot of lewd talk over the years, but one phrase he’s never heard in real life is Donald Trump’s now-infamous line, “You can grab ’em by the p–sy.” [Us Weekly]


Today's Hottest Celebrity Sightings Photos








































92 Photos »


ICYMI on Celebuzz:

Report: Here’s Why Jennifer Lopez and Casper Smart Broke Up
Deals of the Day: Sharkk Commando Waterproof Bluetooth Speaker, Sony Xperia Phones and More
Azealia Banks Claims Russell Crowe Choked Her Before She Was Kicked Out of His Dinner Party
Khloé Kardashian Admits She’s Scared of Eye Contact During Foreplay
‘The Walking Dead’ Will Return for an Eighth Season

 


Yesterday's Hottest Celebrity Sightings








































20 Photos »


/n