Your 6 Weekend Picks: Lady Gaga Honors Best Friend Sonja After Her Death, Celine Dion Is Mesmerized by Cher at the BBMAs/n





                    WATCH: Lady Gaga FaceTimes with Prince William
                







Let's discuss mental health

 MORE >>





Lady Gaga is mourning the loss of one of her closest friends, Sonja Durham, who lost a longterm battle with stage IV cancer.

TMZ first reported Durham’s death after her husband, Andre Dubois, shared on Friday that she died “peacefully and beautifully” in their home.
Gaga sings about Durham in the song “Grigio Girls” from her latest album, Joanne. “Sonja was Joanne’s friend/Tough girls on the mend,” she says on the track. “So when I’m feeling small/ I toss that cork and call/All the Pinot, Pinot Grigio girls.” Gaga also recently dedicated a performance to Durham at Coachella.
In addition to a post about her friend that she shared on Friday, Gaga wrote a reflection piece about friendship and heartbreak of losing a loved one in the caption of an Instagram post on Sunday.



A post shared by xoxo, Gaga (@ladygaga) on May 21, 2017 at 5:57pm PDT



“I don’t know how to put a price on a friendship. I’m not even sure how you can assess the size of its meaning, only really your heart truly knows and it’s too special for words. I feel two competing feelings,” Gaga wrote. “Firstly, that I will live everyday with more passion, more determination, more compassion and more giving than ever before. Because that’s who she was, and it’s what drew us to each other, and I know it’s what she always wanted for me.”
Gaga said that Durham encouraged her to pursue her passion for music in spite of her fears and expressed the feeling of shock that comes with the sudden void opened by death.
“I’m in shock that I won’t see her again until I pass too. I vow to be a little stronger everyday for her because that’s what she would have wanted, I vow to be stronger for anyone who’s lost somebody to cancer,” Gaga continued. “I’m a part of that family now. I vow to be a warrior for her and be a voice for cancer patients so the world can continue to improve the dialogue and the fight. I loved her. I still love her. And I love so much her husband Andre, stepson Sante, and friends. I made them some food yesterday. I will keep cooking. Cooking my soul until it understands this.”



For Sonja’s husband Andre. ❤take care of those who you love who are suffering I think it helps us all to survive
A post shared by xoxo, Gaga (@ladygaga) on May 21, 2017 at 6:04pm PDT





Top Celebrity News Stories—May 22, 2017








































6 Photos »


Read more about this story and catch up on other celebrity news headlines from the weekend, including details about Pippa Middleton’s wedding and top moments from the Billboard Music Awards, by launching the gallery at the top of the page. Get the full list of Billboard Music Award winners over on Billboard.
/n