Everything You Need to Know About: ‘Blair Witch’/n





                    'American Horror Story' Season 6 – Chapter 1 Recap
                







Warning! Spoilers ahead!

 MORE >>





It’s time to head back to the woods…

This weekend, the new film Blair Witch is creeping into theaters nationwide and hoping to recapture the low-budget terror extravaganza that the original offered in 1999. With Halloween right around the corner, it’s only natural to be craving a good scare. So if you’re planning to check out this new installment, here’s all the info you need!

Who’s in it?
Like the original, this new iteration is loaded with fresh faces like James Allen McCune, Callie Hernandez, Brandon Scott, Valorie Curry and more.

What’s it about?
22 years after three young filmmakers disappeared into the woods in Maryland, a small group of college kids help James (McCune) hunt for his missing sister Heather from the original film. The search takes them to the same woods and in no time, James and his friends find themselves dealing with strange and terrifying elements.

Why should I care?
The leaves are changing. Kids are back in school. The debate over the cleverest Halloween costume is already happening. Sure, this new reboot might not have quite the same effect as its cerebral, innovative predecessor, but it’s sure to deliver a few scares and offer some nerve-racking nostalgia this fall.





Here’s what critics are saying: 
“The acting and filmmaking are too crude to make you care about what happens … even though you know pretty much exactly what that will be.”
-A.O. Scott [New York Times]

“All in all, Blair Witch was quite satisfying and made me think: This is what the first sequel to the original film should have accomplished.”
-Bill Zwecker [Chicago Sun-Times]

“[Adam] Wingard’s movie, for all its abundant mischief, doesn’t trust the power of its own illusion. You can see these woods a lot more clearly now, and what you see is that you’ve been here before.”
-Justin Chang [Los Angeles Times]

“Compared to the ill-fated Book of Shadows: Blair Witch 2 — the first follow-up which was rushed to market for financial reasons — this new iteration still comes across as downright inspiring.”
-Ben Travers [IndieWire]


Lady Gaga Wears Daisy Dukes in New York City








































20 Photos »


/n