Destiny's Child singer to show off her amazing post-baby body while shopping in Beverly Hills. Before you get too jealous, Rowland and her fitness trainer Jeanette Jenkins are giving fans the opportunity to follow their exact same routi.../n
Have you recently asked yourself: How did Kelly Rowland get so fit and fabulous after giving birth?After all, it only took seven short weeks for the former Destiny's Child singer to show off her amazing post-baby body while shopping in Beverly Hills.Before you get too jealous, Rowland and her fitness trainer Jeanette Jenkins are giving fans the opportunity to follow their exact same routine. Warning: This plan isn't for the lazy ones.According to Jenkins' blog, the fitness instructor is "bringing you 6 weeks of workouts, motivation, nutrition and healthy living tips to help you reach your 2015 health and fitness goals!"So what exactly has Rowland been doing that you can also do at home? When it comes to nutrition, you can start by preparing your meals at home that should include plenty of green tea, water and at least three servings of green vegetables. 




Vladimir Labissiere/Splash News

In the workout department, Rowland has been rotating between five fitness DVDs including Bikini Bootcamp, Cardio Kickboxing and Power Yoga.     And along the way, the talented singer enjoys weekly motivation from her fitness partner. "I'm not telling you it's going to be easy," one quote reads. "I'm telling you it's going to be worth it!" Preach it! Rowland welcomed a baby boy with husband Tim Weatherspoon on Nov. 4. As one can imagine, the proud mom immediately fell in love with little Titan Jewell Weatherspoon.

"My only sunshine," she wrote while cradling her newborn. "You make my happy, when skies are grey  #TITAN #LIFE."While being a hands-on mom remains Rowlands' number one priority, the 33-year-old knows a healthy lifestyle can provide more benefits than you could never imagine."Getting started can be the hardest part of your journey to a healthier, happier you," the workout buddies wrote online. "But don't worry, we've got your back." So, who's ready to break a sweat? 
/n