Gigi Hadid Screams to Release Stress, Has Never Taken a Sick Day/n





                    See Gigi Hadid’s Victoria’s Secret Doll 
                







It's spot-on!

 MORE >>





Why spend a fortune on acupuncture when you can just scream into the ocean for free, like Gigi Hadid?

The Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show model discussed her stress relief tactics at Reebok’s #PerfectNever women’s empowerment panel discussion with Lena Dunham, Ruby Rose, Aly Raisman and Zoe Kravitz in New York City on Wednesday (Dec. 8, 2016). Hadid described the many ways in which she plans to invest in her health as the new year approaches, including her decision to take a step away from social media.
“I’m taking a month off, actually, during New Years. I’m not deleting my account, I’m just taking the apps off my phone. It’s empowering, not just for people in the spotlight, for everyone,” said Hadid [via Elle]. “At the end of the day, I’m choosing what I’m showing you. A lot of the world feels so entitled to other peoples’ lives, which is so crazy. I’m going to take a break when I feel like it, and when I come back and share it with you, if you want to be supportive and still follow me, that’s great. But, if you’re going to be upset that I need to be human for a month then maybe I don’t want your follow anyway.”





CREDIT: Getty Images for Reebok


Hadid also realized at the panel that she’s never taken a sick day and swears that screaming helps relieve pent-up stress. “Literally, screaming into a pillow helps. One time I was on set for a beach shoot, and my mom said ‘go scream into the ocean. It relieves the tension,” she said.
Eggs are a large part of her diet, especially baked eggs, and she hates squats just as much as we all do. “They’re painful, and you have to do so many for them to work. Recently for the VS show, I put a sticky note in my kitchen, and every time I walked past the squats sticky note, I had to do 15 squats,” said Hadid. “It’s a good trick because it reminds you that you have to have integrity with yourself. No one else is watching, so I have to just do it for myself.”
Discover more of Hadid’s wellness tricks over on Elle.com.


2016 American Music Awards: Gigi Hadid Hits the Red Carpet








































8 Photos »


/n