The Weeknd Says ‘Marriage Is Scary’ Amid Selena Gomez Dating Rumors/n





                    Selena Gomez Poses for Sexy Photo While The Weeknd Relationship Rumors Blossom
                







The heart wants what it wants.

 MORE >>










                    New Couple Alert? Selena Gomez Spotted Making Out with The Weeknd
                







Romance rumors are flying...

 MORE >>





The Weeknd may be getting hot and heavy with Selena Gomez, but don’t expect him to propose any time soon.

In GQ’s February 2017 issue, the “Starboy” singer admitted that “marriage is scary” and revealed he has no intentions of getting hitched in the foreseeable future.
“I feel like I’m the kind of guy that would have kids before getting married,” he said. “The first thing would be kids. Marriage is scary to me, man.”
“I’m much more, like, self-regulating than I was four years ago, when I first started getting everything and enjoying life,” he shared, explaining that he’s in a different place, psycho-sexually, these days. “I don’t focus on it as much as I used to. You know what I mean? Before, it’s like, ‘Holy fuck—this is amazing.’ Right now, it’s like a good song turns me on way more. Like, that gets me horny, like, literally gets me horny.”


Celebrities Who Talk About Sex








































15 Photos »


The Weeknd also refuted rumors that he has groupies following him around everywhere. Though he confessed that many of his explicit lyrics derived from his personal experience, the 26-year-old shared he’s not much of a player when it comes to casual flings and one night stands.
“Listen, I’m not walkin’ around like f*ckin’ Idris Elba, know what I mean?” he told the magazine. “I’m not—look at me, this is who I am. I’m not gonna walk into the club and be like, ‘Oh shit, I’m the sexiest guy in here.’ The reason why they want to fuck with me is because of what I do [in the studio]. So I’d rather just focus on doing that.”





CREDIT: Eric Ray Davidson/GQ


The Canadian crooner’s profile came hot on the heels of rumors that he’s dating Gomez. The two were spotted hugging and kissing during an intimate dinner date in Santa Monica earlier this week. According to E! News, The Weeknd, whose real name is Abel Tesfaye, and the 24-year-old songstress are just starting to get to know each other.
“At first, Selena and Abel wanted to keep their relationship a secret,” a source said. “But they’ve decided they really don’t care if everyone knows about them.”
“Abel though always had a thing for Selena,” another insider dished. “He thinks she is extremely talented and sexy. They recently started talking before the holidays but she has been on his radar before. They are on the same level with expectations and think the other is really fun. They are taking things slow and getting to know each other.”
In November, The Weeknd broke things off with model Bella Hadid after a year-and-a-half of dating.


The Weeknd and Bella Hadid Make their Red Carpet Debut








































11 Photos »


/n