Big Ang's Sister Accused Of Drugging Late Reality Star During Cancer Battle/n
Angela ‘Big Ang’ Raiola passed away at the age of 55 from stage IV lung and brain cancer in February 2016 – but a family member is making shocking accusations that the Mob Wives star was actually murdered by her own sister!
Big Ang’s sister Janine Detore turned to Facebook to bash their brother George Raiola for apparently accusing her of murdering their beloved sister.
“Listen up family members & friends of George Raiola,” Janine’s Facebook rant began. “You wanna go around saying I murdered my sister with 3 1/2 doses of a rice size oil… I’ve had it with you! I took care of my sister every single second and [was] happy to do it. [I] would do it again if I could.”
PHOTOS: Big Ang’s Final Hours: Costars, Estranged Hubby ‘Crying’ At Death Bed
Janine explained how she was the one who took care of the VH1 star during her cancer battle, not their estranged brother.
“Where were you when my sister needed help? No where,” she fired. “You didn’t do anything to help her ever! What do you really know about MY SISTER?… I’m done. They are disgusting & they sicken me!”
But Janine’s rant didn’t end there, as she continued to defend herself against her brother’s outrageous claims.
PHOTOS: The Last Breath! SHOCKING Deathbed Photos Of Big Ang Revealed
“If my family & friends are interested this is what MY SISTER died from: lung cancer,” she wrote. “Not 3 doses of cannabis!!!! Ok so let me make sure you understand what I’m saying. DON’T call me or my kids or my husband when you need something that door is f****** permanently closed.”
Janine ended the rant with, “My sister is gone and honestly who the f**k even needs you guys? My sister knows the truth… I’d do it again Angela if I could… Rest In Peace sis [because] they did nothing but use you… I love you. Until we meet again.”
George refused to comment on the accusations when asked by Radar.
Who do you believe? Tell us in the comments.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.
  /n