PHOTOS: Bikini All Stars! The Sexiest Basketball Wives And Girlfriends/n
In honor of NBA All-Star Weekend, RadarOnline.com is paying homage to the hottest basketball bikini groupies in the world with a special photo feature.
Click the next sentence to see the hottest basketball wives and girlfriends, showing off their hot bodies in skimpy bikinis.
Click Here To See Basketball’s Sexiest Wives And Girlfriends
The Kardashian sisters have a lot more in common than their crazy curves!
While Khloe Kardashian took an instant liking to basketball, marrying Los Angeles Laker Lamar Odom months after the two met, her sister Kim remained an NFL groupie.
PHOTOS: Bikini Babes Who Play With Pro Athletes
Kim spent a few years on the football field, cheering on beaus Reggie Bush and Miles Austin before she decided that the NBA was more her style.
The reality show star is currently dating New Jersey Nets power forward Kris Humphries.
Click Here To See Khloe Kardashian Looking Sexy In Her Swimsuit
Click Here To See Kim Kardashian’s Bombshell Bikini Body
PHOTOS: The Best Booty’s On The Beach
Adriana Lima is one of Victoria’s sexiest Secrets!
The Brazilian supermodel, who steams up the beach in her barely there bikinis, is married to basketball hunk Marko Jaric, who has played for the Los Angeles Clippers, the Minnesota Timberwolves and the Memphis Grizzlies.
Click Here To See Adriana Stripped Down And Sexy
PHOTOS: The Sexiest Victoria’s Secret Models Of All Times In Their Bikinis!
Gabrielle Union is a huge fan of basketball – as well as its’ hottest players.
The big screen bombshell has been courted by both Jason Kidd and Dwyane Wade-though she has never made it to the finals with either stud.
Click Here To See Gabrielle Union’s Fabulous Figure In A Bikini
PHOTOS: Bikini Wars!  The Sexiest And Most Scandalous Mistresses Strip Down
And Vanessa Williams and Eliza Dushku have both enjoyed success on primetime television – and both the Ugly Betty star and the Dollhouse siren have found love with former Los Angeles Laker Rick Fox.
Click Here To See Vanessa Williams Show Off Her Bikini Body
Click Here To See Eliza Dushku’s Sexy Bikini Style
PHOTOS: Bikini Wars! Sexy Stars Who Have Shared Lovers
Who else has dated the hottest balers in the game? Click here to find out.
 
RELATED STORIES:
PHOTOS: When Plastic Is Not Fantastic-Stars Who Went Under The Knife And Regret It
PHOTOS: Real Or Fake?  The Bikini Wars Boob Showdown
EXCLUSIVE VIDEO: Victoria’s Secret Angels Share Sexy Secrets! /n