Arthur Simpson-Kent Sentenced to Life For Murder Of EastEnders Star Sian Blake And Their Two Sons
/n
The partner of British soap star Sian Blake will spend the rest of his life in prison.
Arthur Simpson-Kent, 49, was jailed at the Old Bailey criminal court in London Wednesday afternoon for murdering the former EastEnders actress, 43, and their sons Zachary, 8, and Anon, 4.
“In my judgment this was indeed a case where each murder involved a substantial degree of premeditation or planning,” trial judge Mr Justice Singh said during sentencing, reports the BBC.
“At the very least that must be true of the murder of each of the two little boys individually, and in turn after the defendant had already killed Sian Blake,” Justice Singh said.
Justice Singh added that the triple homicide was particularly cruel because the young boys were too young to defend themselves from Simpson-Kent. Blake had also lost the strength in her arms as a result of her terminal motor neurone disease, and was unable to protect either herself or her sons.
Simpson-Kent pleaded guilty to the triple murder at the couple’s home in Erith, Kent, on December 14, 2015. The court heard that he flew into a rage after the actress revealed that she wanted to leave him, forcibly hitting all three of his victims on the head before stabbing them in the neck with a small axe.
Evidence released by Scotland Yard, describes Simpson-Kent as making “a significant effort to keep [the bodies] concealed” by wrapping them in “multiple layers of tarpaulin and sheet” before burying them in “a secluded, overgrown area of the family garden under soil and concrete paving.”
He has also painted over the bloodstains of his victims inside the family home in an attempt to destroy the crime scene, according to the evidence presented.
In an attempt to escape his crime, Simpson-Kent flew to Ghana, Africa on December. 18, four days after the triple murders. In a cruel twist, Simpson-Kent, a hair stylist, also sent Blake family several cell phone messages, pretending to be Blake.
Christian Thompson/APChristian Thompson/AP
Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
“Something just snapped in me,” the court heard that Simpson-Kent told psychiatrist Dr Philip Joseph, reports the BBC.
“I felt as if I had just been pushed off a diving board and was falling.”
“My mind was blank and I was focusing on doing and not thinking. It was like I was there but not there,” he added.
During sentencing, Justice Singh said he had “no doubt” that Simpson-Kent would spend the rest of his life in prison and threw out his claim that he was suffering from suicidal depression.
In a written statement released through Scotland Yard, Blake’s mother, Lindell Blake, described her grandsons as “my two angels.” She added, “Our nights are now sleepless despite our constant tiredness and extreme sadness which never leaves us.”
“We have lost two generations from our close family and we have been forced to watch grown men cry as they hear the circumstances of our loss and the details of the murders,” the statement read.
It continued, “It is hard enough to give birth to a child but to have to bury one alongside your two grandchildren is inconceivable. Sian is my youngest child, she will always be my baby.”
/n