LISTEN: Beyoncé and Blue Ivy Sing On New Coldplay Track/n





                    Gwyneth Paltrow, Blue Ivy and Chris Martin’s New Girlfriend Are All on Coldplay’s New Album
                







Coldplay should’ve named their new album A Head Full of Familiar (and Cute) Faces...

 MORE >>





Blue Ivy is officially the coolest three-year-old in Hollywood.
Not only is she the daughter of music industry royalty, but she got to sing on Coldplay’s latest album.
In a brand new snippet of the song “Hymn for the Weekend,” which was posted on the band’s official Instagram page, you can hear Beyoncé and her daughter singing backup vocals.



#Track3 #HymnForTheWeekend #AHeadFullOfDreams #Coldplay #TenDaysUntilAHFOD
A video posted by Coldplay (@coldplay) on Nov 24, 2015 at 6:00am PST





Beyonce, Jay Z and Blue Ivy Celebrate Halloween 2015








































13 Photos »


Coldplay has released short snippets from each song off their upcoming album A Head Full of Dreams, and “Adventure of a Lifetime” has already been playing on the radio non-stop.
The band has also announced their 2016 world tour, and have released a photo of the back of their album.



Ten days until A Head Full Of Dreams is released! We’re celebrating by posting a preview of each song, in order, at hourly intervals. We begin in 30 minutes… #AHFOD #Coldplay
A photo posted by Coldplay (@coldplay) on Nov 24, 2015 at 3:30am PST



Blue Ivy isn’t the only celebrity kid who is featured on the album, however. Chris Martin’s own kids Apple and Moses also sing in the chorus of  “Hymn for the Weekend,” which is the third track on the album.
“Everyone who got asked to sing on our album has an important part in our lives,” Chris told The Wall Street Journal. “The ‘choir’ started with my two kids coming in after school and recording. We recorded Blue Ivy Carter in New York when her mom Beyoncé was in the studio.”
Other familiar faces featured on the album include Gwyneth Paltrow and Martin’s current girlfriend Annabelle Wallace.


Gwyneth Paltrow’s Goop Holiday Gift Guide 2015 (For Less)








































14 Photos »


/n