Deschanel) room while she's sequestered on jury duty. In real life, Deschanel took a few months off for maternity leave after giving birth to daughter Elsie Otter this summer. She and Fox, a mom of two young boys, both dished on balanci.../n
It's always awkward to join a new workplace, especially one where people have worked together in a close-knit group for five years already. But it can always be worse: Hannah Simone's first scene with New Girl's newest addition, Megan Fox, took place in the shower. And one of them was naked.When E! News' Kristin Dos Santos stopped by the Fox comedy's set for a celebration of the show's 100th episode, stars Simone and Fox dished on their risqué first scene together."In our first episode we shot together they threw us in the shower together, so we got to know each other pretty quick," Simone says of their interesting introduction."Cece and Reagan, Megan's character, have a bit of a past."Says Fox, "She was not in much. I was in pajamas, but she was, I think, naked under a towel. She definitely was naked under a towel. That's what we should say, right? So people get excited?"Risque!Interestingly, the guys in the cast didn't even know such a scene existed—but maybe they were kept from set for good reason. "If that happened, we were not invited to set," Max Greenfield says of the apparently top-secret shoot.Lamorne Morris was not happy when he found out from E! that said scene took place, and had one choice word in particular for the show's publicist, as you can see in the video above.

Fox is dropping by the sitcom for five episodes as pharmaceutical rep Reagan, who sublets Jess' (Zooey Deschanel) room while she's sequestered on jury duty. In real life, Deschanel took a few months off for maternity leave after giving birth to daughter Elsie Otter this summer.She and Fox, a mom of two young boys, both dished on balancing work and family time as new mothers. "When you're holding your little baby, you're like, I don't want to go to work! This is the best thing ever. But it's nice, I think, having a little girl—she knows her mommy works and I think that's a good thing," Deschanel says.Check out what Fox has to say about motherhood in the video below.New Girl season five premieres Tuesday, Jan. 5 at 8 p.m. on Fox.
/n