Pretty Little Liars Cast Says Goodbye For Good On The Final Day Of Filming!/n

Even guilty pleasures have to end sometime!
Unfortunately, a world without Pretty Little Liars is one step closer to becoming a reality now that production has wrapped on the Freeform series.
While we knew this day was coming, Wednesday marked the official end for Lucy Hale, Ashley Benson, Shay Mitchell, Troian Bellisario, and Sasha Pieterse's titular liars — and the cast could not be more emotional about it!
Video: Bella Thorne Stars In PLL's Replacement Famous In Love
Sure, we're still months away from getting to see the final ten episodes of Season 7B, but the core group — including Ian Harding, Keegan Allen, Tyler Blackburn, and Janel Parrish — does NOT seem ready to move on.
Just look at how sad their social media posts have been all day long!
Although, they really must not like Lucy at all… she wasn't even asked to be in the LAST photo ever from set!!
OMG, is she Uber A???
Ch-ch-check out the best reactions from PLL's cast and crew (below)!!! 




#Repost @cosmopolitan with @repostapp ・・・ @imarleneking opens up about the end of #prettylittleliars (grab a tissue, PLL fans 😭): "Today marks the series wrap on 'Pretty Little Liars,' my home away from home for the last seven seasons. When I call 'cut' on the very last scene, all five PLLs will be in the shot. Tears will be spilled, gifts will be exchanged, and final memories will be made. The most meaningful gift, however, is that we call ourselves 'PLL Family' because that is how much we mean to each other. We have created a worldwide family of fans who have come together to watch and celebrate the show. Friendships have been made and sealed over the love our passionate fans have for 'PLL.' In an age where technology often separates people, we used social media to bring them together. In season six, Spencer quoted A. A. Milne, author of 'Winnie the Pooh': 'How lucky I am to have something that makes saying good-bye so hard.' And those words have never spoken to me so loudly. Thank you to the cast, the crew, and all the fans who have kept Rosewood alive; we would be nowhere without you. And as this chapter ends, to my 'PLL' family all over the world, I won’t say good-bye, I’ll say, 'See you soon, bitches.'" – I. Marlene King, #cosmoinstagramcolumnist #pllA photo posted by Marlene King (@imarleneking) on Oct 26, 2016 at 11:27am PDT






After 7 seasons I think we have definitely all perfected the "oh shit, we're in trouble" deer-in-headlights look 👀 #PLLmemoriesA photo posted by Shay Mitchell (@shaym) on Oct 26, 2016 at 11:56am PDT






Seven years later the day has come to say goodbye.A photo posted by Ashley Benson (@itsashbenzo) on Oct 26, 2016 at 12:09pm PDT






I can't believe that the day has come. In a couple of hours I'll be going to work for the last time at my second home. Although this day will be filled with happy and sad tears, I'll be forever grateful to share them with the ones I've come to call family. #pllfamilyA photo posted by Sasha Pieterse (@sashapieterse27) on Oct 26, 2016 at 8:31am PDT






The day has come to say goodbye to my second home, a character that helped shaped me and so many people who mean the world to me. Bittersweet feelings today, but so proud of what we've done. ❤️A photo posted by Lucy Hale (@lucyhale) on Oct 26, 2016 at 11:09am PDT






Today, we all series wrap on @prettylittleliars. This picture was my first ever episode as Mona, 7 years ago. I am so blown away by what an impact this show has had on my life since. We owe it all to you, #pllarmy. Don't ever stop watching and loving us. And I owe it to you @imarleneking. Thanks for trusting me and believing in me and giving me a family and role to love for 7 years. Let's do this.A photo posted by Janel Parrish (@janelparrish) on Oct 26, 2016 at 8:57am PDT


We'll miss you all!
Will U be tuning in to see Pretty Little Liars' final stretch of episodes this April on Freeform??
[Image via Freeform.]
/n