The Internet Is One Step Closer to Saving Nelly From IRS Debt Have you been doing your part to #SaveNelly? If so, you can give yourself a pat on the back. The "Hot In Herre" rapper's Spotify plays have tripled during peak hours since the number of pl.../n
Have you been doing your part to #SaveNelly? If so, you can give yourself a pat on the back. The "Hot In Herre" rapper's Spotify plays have tripled during peak hours since the number of plays needed (287,176,547) to help Nelly was pointed out by SPIN. If you haven't heard by now, TMZ reported that the rapper is facing some serious money issues in the form of a $2,412,283 federal tax lien. Ouch. When fans heard about his financial trouble, they rallied together on Twitter to start the hashtag #SaveNelly and stream his songs enough times to make him the cash to pay off those bills. While the Internet has not completely saved the "Country Grammar" rapper, his plays are increasing as each day goes on. Nelly, are you seeing this?

In case you're wondering how you can help, we've done some calculations to let you know. If you were to go about streaming Nelly's "Hot In Herre" by yourself, 287,176,547 times, you would spend over 1,091,270,878 minutes doing so. Just for reference, that's 18,187,848 straight hours of getting up up on the dance floor and giving that man what he asking for. Of course, nobody has 757,827 spare days, or 2,016 years of natural life to singlehandedly get Nelly back on track with the IRS. Not even Nelly has that kind of super power. If you can round up your classmates, for example, assuming that there were 500 people in your school, it would only take each person about four years to #SaveNelly. Despite his status as most requested rapper at your middle school dance, that's still an aggressive commitment. Thankfully, there are a bazillion and one (v rough estimate) people on the Internet who are willing and eager to help. Now, can someone figure out a way to do this for the world's student debt, or what? 
/n