Gunshots & Blood: Inside The Grisly 'Wife Swap' Crime Scene Horror/n
Jacob Stockdale is accused of turning his family home into a gruesome crime scene, RadarOnline.com can reveal.
The 25-year-old Wife Swap star allegedly left his mother, Kathryn, 54, and brother, James, 21, for dead inside their Stark County, Ohio, residence on June 15, according to the sheriff’s report exclusively obtained by Radar.
The responding officers reported they were dispatched to the house after receiving a 911 hang up at the location. They were greeted by the family’s whining dog in the driveway, and found a horrific scene when they stepped inside.
PHOTOS: Celebs Involved in Murder
“Upon my arrival to the front door, I observed an individual lying on his back with his head facing the front door,” the officer reported. “As I was about to ask if the individual was okay, I heard one single gunshot coming from inside the residence.”
The cops then ran for cover and called for backup.
READ THE SHOCKING POLICE REPORT
When the cops reentered the Stockdale residence, one officer found Jacob “laying near the front door with an apparent gunshot wound with the shotgun lying at his side” and another officer found “a third individual lying on the floor in the upstairs bathroom with an apparent gunshot wound.”
The cops called the local fire department to transport the victims to a local hospital before father Timothy arrived at his home and was swiftly taken to a friend’s home.
He later released a statement saying: “Kathy has been my beloved wife of 32 years and a wonderful mother to our four sons. She loved nothing more than being a mother and grandmother. She had a strong love of learning and was passionate about her Christian faith, natural health, and organic farming.”
PHOTOS: Bodyguards Gone Wild! Drugs, Murder, Assault & Other Crimes Committed By Hollywood’s Hired Muscle
Their eldest son Calvin released a separate statement regarding his brother James, saying: “James, our youngest brother, has always been a catalyst of family fun. Aside from being a gifted musician, James enjoyed dancing and had a innate love of people.”
He also confirmed Jacob was “still in critical condition” the day after the shootings.
Radar previously reported the family’s neighbor, Harry Mcnutt Jr., thought a target practice was taking place at the home — not a deadly crime.
PHOTOS: The 10 Most Sensational Celebrity Murder Cases
The family was featured on the ABC reality show Wife Swap in 2008. Jacob, James, Calvin and Timothy were members of the Stockdale Family bluegrass band.
Stay with Radar for more.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n