2016 SAG Awards: Idris Elba, ‘Spotlight’ and ‘Downton Abbey’ Win Big/n
Diversity ruled at the SAG Awards. Take that Oscars!
Spotlight, Downton Abbey and Orange Is the New Black won ensemble cast awards at the 2016 Screen Actors Guild Awards. Idris Elba won two awards, one for Beasts of No Nation and the other for Luther.
“Look at this stage,” Orange Is the New Black star Laura Prepon said, motioning to the show’s diverse cast while accepting the TV comedy series award. “This is what we talk about when we talk about diversity. Different race, color, creed, sexual orientation.”


2016 SAG Awards Red Carpet








































87 Photos »


Solidifying his front-runner status, Leonardo DiCaprio has won the SAG Award for Best Actor for The Revenant for his role as a fur trapper bent on revenge. Brie Larson won Best Actress for her role as a tormented mother in Room.
Transparent’s Jeffrey Tambor took home an award and Alicia Vikander won for The Danish Girl. Actress Viola Davis won the female drama series award for How to Get Away with Murder for the second year in a row.
Speaking during the ensemble win for Spotlight, Michael Keaton called out Flint, Michigan.
“This is not only for the survivors of this horrific situation,” Keaton said, referring to Catholic Church’s sex-abuse cover-up at the center of Spotlight. “But for me personally, this is really for the disenfranchised everywhere. This is for every Flint, Michigan in the world. This is for the powerless. This is for the powerful who take advantage of the powerless.”
He added, “It comes down to two things: There’s fair, and there’s unfair, and I’m always going to vote for the fair. I’m always going to pull for the good guys.”


2016 SAG Awards Press Room








































28 Photos »


Here is the list of 2016 SAG Award Winners:
Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture
Beasts of No Nation
The Big Short
Spotlight
Straight Outta Compton
Trumbo
Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Leading Role
Bryan Cranston, Trumbo
Johnny Depp, Black Mass
Leonardo DiCaprio, The Revenant
Michael Fassbender, Steve Jobs
Eddie Redmayne, The Danish Girl
Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Leading Role
Cate Blanchett, Carol
Brie Larson, Room
Helen Mirren, Woman in Gold
Saoirse Ronan, Brooklyn
Sarah Silverman, I Smile Back
Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Supporting Role
Christian Bale, The Big Short
Idris Elba, Beasts of No Nation
Mark Rylance, Bridge of Spies
Michael Shannon, 99 Homes
Jacob Tremblay, Room
Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Supporting Role
Rooney Mara, Carol
Rachel McAdams, Spotlight
Helen Mirren, Trumbo
Alicia Vikander, The Danish Girl
Kate Winslet, Steve Jobs
Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series
Downton Abbey
Game of Thrones
Homeland
House of Cards
Mad Men
Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Comedy Series
The Big Bang Theory
Key & Peele
Modern Family
Orange is the New Black
Transparent
Veep




Everyone wanted to hang with Jason Tremblay. 

CREDIT: Getty Images


Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Drama Series
Peter Dinklage, Game of Thrones
Jon Hamm, Mad Men
Rami Malek, Mr. Robot
Bob Odenkirk, Better Call Saul
Kevin Spacey, House of Cards
Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Drama Series
Claire Danes, Homeland
Viola Davis, How to Get Away With Murder
Julianna Marguiles, The Good Wife
Maggie Smith, Downton Abbey
Robin Wright, House of Cards
Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a Comedy Series
Ty Burrell, Modern Family
Louis CK., Louie
William H. Macy, Shameless
Jim Parsons, The Big Bang Theory
Jeffrey Tambor, Transparent
Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Comedy Series
Uzo Aduba, Orange is the New Black
Edie Falco, Nurse Jackie
Ellie Kemper, Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt
Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Veep
Amy Poehler, Parks and Recreation
Outstanding Performance by a Male Actor in a TV Movie or Miniseries
Idris Elba, Luther
Ben Kingsley, Tut
Ray Liotta, Texas Rising
Bill Murray, A Very Murray Christmas
Mark Rylance, Wolf Hall
Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a TV Movie or Miniseries
Nicole Kidman, Grace of Monaco
Queen Latifah, Bessie
Christina Ricci, The Lizzie Borden Chronicles
Susan Sarandon, The Secret Life of Marilyn Monroe Kristen Wiig, The Spoils Before Dying
Outstanding Action Performance by a Stunt Ensemble
Television:
The Blacklist
Game of Thrones
Homeland
Marvel’s Daredevil
The Walking Dead
Motion Picture:
Everest
Furious 7
Jurassic World
Mad Max: Fury Road
Mission: Impossible – Rogue Nation
Launch the gallery above to see all the photos from the 2016 SAG Awards red carpet.


2016 SAG Awards Red Carpet








































87 Photos »


/n