Kate Moss Called Pilot a ‘Basic Bitch’ as She Was Escorted Off Low-Budget Airplane for Being ‘Disruptive’/n





                    Here's Your First Look at Kate Moss' 'Playboy' Spread
                







60th anniversary issue

 MORE >>





Kate Moss is not a basic bitch.
Moss got kicked off of an easyJet flight yesterday (June 7, 2015) for acting a little “disruptive” after flight attendants refused to serve her alcohol. She allegedly called the pilot a “basic bitch” as she was escorted off the airplane.

Daily Mail reports that after flight attendants denied to serve Moss (more) alcohol, she decided to go ahead and serve herself her own alcohol from her luggage.


Miley Cyrus and Kate Moss Party in London	








































13 Photos »


A passenger from flight EZY2232 told Mail,
She called the pilot a “basic b****” as police led her off the plane, she was a little drunk and had a disagreement with another passenger on the flight as she was refused alcohol and then went to serve her own vodka from her cabin luggage. But she was not aggressive to anyone and was funny really, the easyJet crew was acting out of proportion.
The passenger added, “Whilst on board they kept themselves to themselves but appeared to chat to the family next to them…..including playing hairdressers with a young girl.”
Another passenger sitting two rows over from Moss told Skynews,
There certainly wasn’t anything evident that was either putting the plane in jeopardy or creating a problem. It was more we felt that even the staff onboard weren’t in a very pleasant mood or helpful and maybe they just got hump in dealing with anybody, let alone a famous customer.
You would not have known she was there. There was no shouting, now bawdiness, that even caused her friends to intervene. Because, you know, if you were with somebody who was being disruptive and it was one of your party you’d say, oh shut up, be quiet and let us get on with it. There was none of that, no one seemed to be concerned at all.
Bedfordshire Police made a statement saying they “were called to assist staff in escorting a passenger from a flight arriving into Luton airport this afternoon.”
“The passenger had been reported as being disruptive on the flight,” they added. “Officers attended and escorted the passenger from the plane. No formal complaints were made against her and she was not arrested.”


Kate Moss: 10 of Her Best British 'Vogue' Covers	








































10 Photos »


The airline added that it “does not tolerate disruptive behavior and will always report any incidents to the authorities.”
 
All in all, we’re ultimately left with so many questions about what was most definitely a humorous incident, but mainly: Why was Kate Moss flying easyJet, “a British low-cost airline carrier based at London Luton Airport” (Wikipedia)?
The 41-year-old supermodel was flying to London’s Luton airport from Bodrum, Turkey, where she was celebrating actress Sadie Frost’s 50th birthday.
 
Looks like she had a fun and relaxing time, and was continuing to just enjoy herself on her flight home.






 Morning!! Perfect breakfast attire!!
A photo posted by sadielizafrost (@sadielizafrost) on Jun 6, 2015 at 11:40pm PDT



/n