Does Todd Know? Julie Chrisley’s Secret First Marriage EXPOSED/n
Todd Chrisley may know best, but does he know about his wife’s first marriage? Her marriage license exclusively obtained by RadarOnline.com reveals that Julie Chrisley has been married before!
In the license and certificate for marriage obtained from the Oconee County Courthouse in South Carolina, Julie, who went by her maiden name Hughes at the time, and Kenneth Wayne Childress applied for their marriage license on March 13, 1991.
SEE THE PROOF!
They were married days later on March 15, 1991.
Julie, who shares three children with her second husband Todd, was only 18 years old at the time of the marriage. Her first husband was 24.
But their marriage didn’t last forever, as she married Todd in 1996.
As for Kenneth, he passed away on November 27, 2012. His obituary reveals that he was a pipefitter and worked in construction. He had been an avid motorcycle rider.
PHOTOS: TV’s Most Scandalous! The 20 Juiciest Secrets Of The Chrisley Family
As Radar readers know, Julie and Todd have been having trouble in their marriage. A production source for the USA network show exclusively told Radar, “Things are very different between the two of them when the cameras are not rolling. It’s like night and day.”
The insider claims their bedtime scenes are “scripted.”
“They are actually shot back-to-back with several outfit changes,” the source revealed. “No one goes to bed in full hair and make-up!”
In reality, the couple “can barely even tolerate each other.”
PHOTOS: Downsized Digs? Todd Chrisley Moves Into $2 Million Mansion — AFTER Filing For Bankruptcy
Despite their marital issues, Julie won’t end her second marriage.
“Todd and Julie will never split,” the friend said. “They both need each other to keep up this image that they have the perfect family.”
Do you think Todd knows? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n