'Alaskan Bush' Ami's Family 'Determined' To Reconcile With Star Before Cancer Death/n
Alaskan Bush People‘s beloved matriarch, Ami Brown, has confirmed she started treatment in her brave battle against late-stage lung cancer. And although the Browns have kept her exact location in the lower 48 states a secret for now, Ami’s estranged brother, Les Branson, told RadarOnline.com exclusively that Ami’s elderly mother, Eugene Branson, is more “determined” than ever to be reunited with her ailing daughter.
PHOTOS: HEART-WRENCHING VIDEO: Is Ami OK? Brown’s Family In Panic After ‘Alaskan Bush’ Star Center Of Cancer Rumors 
“It would be hard because my mother is 84, and she has early Alzheimer’s,” said Les, who hasn’t seen his sister in almost four decades. “I’ve called the [Discovery Channel] network, and my mother has called them and left messages. If we knew where Ami was we would make every attempt to go and find her.”
As Radar previously reported, Ami’s family last saw the reality mom just months after her quickie marriage to Billy in her native Texas at just 15 years old.
“We have sent so many letters over the years and Billy destroyed then,” Les said, referring to Ami’s hubby, Billy Brown, 64. “Billy has kept her from us for 38 years and he is to blame. It has never been Ami’s choice. Billy has been controlling her since she left us!”
PHOTOS: Secret Arrests & Scripting Scenes! ‘Alaskan Bush People’s Top 10 Lies & Scandals
As fans know, Billy confirmed his 53-year-old wife’s deadly battle with cancer on a recent episode of ABP. He told his seven children, “They’ve got to do some more tests and stuff and what they can see is stage 3 cancer. She could easily be stage 4.”
As Radar was the first to report, rumors of Ami’s cancer started circulating in May.
But it seems that the Brown family has left southern California, as they were spotted packed up and driving through Arizona last week.

According to various reports online, Billy, Ami and several of their children are now in Dolores, Colorado, where Ami’s son Noah and soon-to-be wife Rhain are getting married . Because film crew has set up camp in Colorado, it is assumed that Ami will continue to receive treatment there.
PHOTOS: Ami’s Family SLAMS Billy’s Lies — Child Bride Was ‘Spoiled Rotten’ In Dream Upbringing
No matter where Ami goes, Les told Radar that they are not giving up hope of seeing Ami before she dies.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n