That Time Dwayne Johnson Tried to Rip Out Somebody’s Tongue/n





                    Dwayne Johnson and Lin-Manuel Miranda Debut ‘Millennials: The Musical’ 
                







Watch the hilarious spoof. 

 MORE >>










                    Dwayne Johnson Has No Regrets About Starting His Feud with Vin Diesel
                







Dwayne Johnson has no regrets about his "candy asses" rant.

 MORE >>





Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson is a pretty tough guy. So when he had a fight with University of Miami football player Kevin Patrick back in his college days, things got pretty physical. Like, really physical.

In his latest profile in Sports Illustrated, Johnson claimed he once tried to tear out Patrick’s tongue when they were teammates playing for the Miami Hurricanes. Explaining that he “was always running hot” because he felt that he wasn’t getting enough playing time, the wrestler-turned-actor admitted that he lost his cool that day when Patrick heckled him during a heated argument.
“Me and Kevin were in a coach’s office, and he was talking shit, as always, but this time I just lost it,” he remembered. “It was like a movie fight—the desk got turned over, stuff was flying all over the place. We spilled out onto the weight room floor, still going at it.”
“He wouldn’t stop talking, so I decided to pull his tongue out. I stuffed my big ol’ hand into his mouth, and I had a couple of fingers around his tongue, but it was so damn slippery!” Johnson continued. “I was quite serious about pulling it out, but I couldn’t quite get a hold of it. Eventually I gave up, the fight ended, and two minutes later we were hugging each other. It was so dumb.”


Dwayne Johnson through the years








































21 Photos »


Though everything is still good between the two men, Patrick later refuted Johnson’s claims and didn’t recall the scuffle escalating to that level of violence. Responding to Johnson’s anecdote, he told the  Palm Beach Post, “I don’t give a shit what he says. We got in a fight. There’s no doubt. We tore that place apart. But he never stuck his hand in my mouth.”
He added on Twitter, “I love my brother but one thing is for sure. If he tried, he’d currently be a fingerless actor.”
Whatever the case may be, it’s strange to learn that the Sexiest’s Man Alive could’ve also been the Scariest Man Alive. Vin Diesel better watch his back.


14 of Dwayne Johnson and Kevin Hart's Best Movies








































14 Photos »


/n