DeMario BLASTS 'BIP' Over Corinne Sex Scandal: 'I Got Played!'/n
DeMario Jackson has finally shared his side of the Bachelor in Paradise story, sitting down for a three-part interview with E! News on the scandal, RadarOnline.com can reveal.
“It’s every man’s biggest fear,” Jackson said of being accused of sexual assault, “No man wants to be attached to that. That ruins you for life. That’s something that sticks with you.”
Telling all on his controversial night with co-star Corinne Olympios, the reality star shared: “Before either of us commented on it, I was already a ‘rapist’. . .and [Corinne’s] a ‘whore’ and she’s a ‘slut.’
PHOTOS: So Happy Together! Britt Nilsson & Brady Toops Show Off Romance On Social Media –– ‘The Bachelorette’ Stars Rebound In 6 Photos
They were slut-shaming her because of what she did last season with Nick [Viall]. For me, it goes back to the human race. We failed.”
Admitting his shame over the public’s violent comments and internet backlash, Jackson added: “When I have children they are going to Google their dad’s name and this is going to appear. That’s my biggest fear.”
Surprisingly, Jackson claimed that despite the chaos, he’s not mad at Olympios, he’s “mad at the situation.” 
PHOTOS: Alleged ABC’s “The Bachelorette” Home Chosen in Charlotte, NC
“I got played. . .not by her but I got played in general. I am not sure by who, but I got played,” said the reality actor.
As Radar previously reported, ABC suspended the show “indefinitely” while Warner Bros. launched an internal investigation into the reality stars’ controversial sexual encounter in Cabo San Lucas.
Producers later cleared the show of any controversy. Despite that, Olympios’ legal team announced they will proceed with their own investigation.
PHOTOS: The Bachelor House
Jackson — who has claimed the incident has greatly affected him and his family — will not be returning to BIP this season.
Jackson’s full interview will air Tuesday at 7 p.m. and 11 p.m. on E! News.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n