Kim’s Surgery Lies Exposed: See Her Butt Before Fame – And Injections!/n
Kim Kardashian didn’t always have a jaw-dropping, outrageously curvy booty – and this never-before-seen home movie is the proof! RadarOnline.com has obtained shocking footage of Kardashian’s infamous butt before fame – and before injections.
Filmed during that 2003 Mexico getaway that served as the backdrop for her sex tape with Ray J, the footage shows Kardashian frolicking in tiny shorts and tight skirts revealing every inch of her curves.
Ray J certainly found them impressive. During one dinner caught on camera he jokes, “You gotta show us the back of that dress…You smashing J.Lo! It’s like J. who? … J. Ho!”
But still, Kardashian’s bottom line is clearly nowhere near its current status – and more like that of an especially curvy college girl.
Did she go under the knife after her sex tape fame to give her booty a boost?
PHOTOS: 15 Selfies Proving ‘Narcissism Is Kim Kardashian’s Product’
Rumors about Kardashian’s almost supernatural curves have swirled for years, especially since photos from her earliest red carpet appearances seemed to show an entirely different look.
She’s always denied it, but last summer, Kardashian finally admitted that she’d been getting butt injections – with a catch.
According to the KUWTK star, in 2007, “I went to go get a cortisone shot in my butt” to help with her psoriasis.
“I lived right behind Kitson [a boutique in Los Angeles near Cedars-Sinai Hospital]. One of my neighbors was a dermatologist at Cedars. I go in there and he’s like, ‘There’s a one in a billion chance that you will get a huge indent in your butt.’ Of course I get a huge indent on my butt.”
PHOTOS: Kim Kardashian’s 100 Most Naked Photos Ever
“There is a picture of me in Miami [in 2007] wearing an electric blue dress…” she said. “You see the indent. And I think that’s when the rumors started: ‘She’s had implants.’”
Kardashian still gets regular injections “every few years,” she says, to help with her psoriasis.
Do you think Kim is telling the truth? Is her butt all natural? Let us know in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n