Manchester By The Sea Allegedly Inspired A Couple To Kill Their Disabled Adoptive Son/n

There are some seriously messed up people in the world.
It appears as though a couple from New York took away a very dark lesson from watching the Oscar winning movie, Manchester By The Sea.
***Warning: Spoilers for MBTS ahead***
In case you didn't catch the movie, Casey Affleck's character in the celebrated film battles with crippling depression after he accidentally sets a fire which causes his house to burn down with his children inside.
Related: Celebs Pay Tribute Charlie Murphy Following His Untimely Death
Instead of being disturbed by the heartbreaking scene, Ernest and Heather Franklin became allegedly inspired by the scenario. According to Chenango County District Attorney Joseph McBride, the Franklins' mentally and physically disabled 16-year-old (named Jeffrey) was killed within two hours of the couple watching the flick on February 28. The twosome then supposedly set their house on fire cover up the crime.
We should also mention, the Franklins had adopted Jeffrey. During a bail hearing on Friday, McBride relayed: 
"Within two hours of that movie playing to this defendant and her husband, Jeffrey's deceased."
So despicable.
Ernest and Heather were fingered as potential culprits as forensic evidence proved the teenager died before the fire. The duo have since been charged with second-degree murder, arson, and tampering with physical evidence. The prosecutor continued:
"The victim was badly burned. Because of the damage to the body by the fire, the pathologist is not able to determine the cause of death."
It's said officials arrived at the Franklin family home in Guilford, NY around 1:15 a.m. on March 1. Apparently, Ernest claimed he was away from the house during the fire as he was trying to chase down their dogs. As for his wife, she claims she wasn't home because she was out searching for a certain product between 11:30 p.m. and 2:30 a.m. and had to stop by two different stores.
What product do you need in the middle of the night that can't wait until morning?? Regardless, Heather's lawyer Michael Trosset has defended to the court that his client is still "innocent until proven guilty."
Yeaaaaaah, but the evidence is certainly stacked against the couple. Bail has been set at $250,000 cash for Ernest and $125,000 cash for Heather. As of Wednesday, neither of them have posted bail…
/n