Lucy Hale Gets Major Backlash For Calling Her Skinny Self FAT In Throwback Pic!/n

Lucy Hale was trying to be sweet for Father's Day. But she should have kept things positive, as she ended up ticking off a lot of her fans!
The Pretty Little Liar posted a throwback pic on Instagram Sunday in which she said her dad taught her "to have soul."
Related: Lucy Reveals Why She's Given Up Alcohol
The problem wasn't the sweet caption but rather when she commented:

"ugh I was so fat"
Oooh, girl. No.
It's one thing to be self-deprecating, but that is NOT right. You have to remember what the public sees is a pic of a young woman who not only was a TV star but was also the face of brands like Bongo and Mark.
If THAT girl is "ugh so fat" what the hell chance does everyone else have?? 
That was exactly the response that Lucy got from followers, who wrote comments like: 

Fat? That's what you take away from this beautiful photo of you and your dad? You weren't, and even if you were, who cares? How many young girls follow you, and have now seen this? Sigh.
@lucyhale WHY would you call yourself fat? You are and always have been beautiful! You may be thinner now but were never "fat". How many young girls are going to see that comment that look up to YOU. Think about THEM before you post.
I know you've got the right to say that, but just imagine what it's like for your fans who are a little bit bigger or struggling with their body to hear that from their idol who's obviously never been fat.
Probably not a great thing to say that this weight was "fat," considering how many young girls are going to read that and get upset about their bodies
"Fat"? You look a healthy size. Joking or nit, you should be aware if your audience and recognize that kids look up to you and when trying to immulate you they could possibly be looking in the mirror saying "ugh, i'm so fat." Time to unfollow.

It apparently got to be too much for Lucy, who turned off the comments section entirely for the post.
We guess "ugh she was so guilty"?
What do YOU think of Lucy calling herself fat in front of all her young fans??
[Image via Instagram.]
/n