Elizabeth Banks May or May Not Have Just Dissed Tara Reid/n





                    Elizabeth Banks Talks Directing 'Pitch Perfect 2'
                







Plus Her Accapella Sing-Off Secret Weapon

 MORE >>





The super-talented, humorous, and amazing Elizabeth Banks recently kind of called out and dissed Tara Reid during her Pitch Perfect 2 press tour (of which she directed and co-starred in alongside Anna Kendrick, Rebel Wilson and more).

Banks, 41, told The Hollywood Reporter, “There was a group of us girls coming up. A lot of us are surviving. Some of us are not. I used to go to auditions with Tara Reid. So, you know, we didn’t all make it. We’re not all still here.”


Elizabeth Banks Rates Her Red Carpet Style	








































6 Photos »


But, she added quickly, “I do love Sharknado,” referring to Reid’s made-for-TV movie released in 2013 (with 2 subsequent sequels released in 2014 and 2015 respectively).
Reid, of American Pie (1999) and Josie and the Pussycats (2001) limited fame, was also most recently in the news because she bared it all on social media.
Banks, on the other hand, has had critically-acclaimed roles in The Hunger Games trilogies and the upcoming Magic Mike XXL, as well as a slew of producing and directing gigs on her resume.
And Hollywood needs more female directors, so kudos for Banks for representing.


Elizabeth Banks Goes Glam in The Hollywood Reporter'	


































5 Photos »


As for how she landed her directorial debut, Banks said, “I went through no hoops for this particular job. I just put myself right at the spot where someone needed to be to get the job. And I prepared. I knew I wanted to direct, so I met DPs, I ran sets, I chose music. I went through the process of directing in little ways — nothing too big or risky or time-consuming. I just started really observing.”
And in terms of being an actress, she wisely commented, “Some big actresses told me a few things that inspired me. One said that the biggest challenge for a female actress was to make sure they are not pro­foundly bored. Another told me to just do whatever you want — do anything. And another told me that her quote hadn’t changed in 15 years. That really lit a fire under my ass.”
Her next roles include a Netflix series based on Wet Hot American Summer and Love & Mercy.
Watch Banks behind the scenes of her interview with The Hollywood Reporter in the video below.

/n