Your 6 Weekend Picks: Kim Kardashian Says Kris Jenner Will Never Speak to Caitlyn Again, Scott Disick Gets Flirty with Sofia Richie/n





                    Caitlyn Jenner Reveals Kris Jenner's Reaction to Her Memoir
                







How did the momager react to the tell-all?

 MORE >>





Kris and Caitlyn Jenner are officially estranged.

According to Kim Kardashian, there is slim chance her mother will ever speak to her ex-husband again following the release of Caitlyn’s tell-all memoir, which detailed the Olympian’s marriage and sex life with the famous homager before her transition from man to woman.
“Zero. No, one. No, I would say two percent. And those are Kendall and Kylie [Jenner],” Kim said during a round of Plead the Fifth on Watch What Happens Live on Sunday (May 28, 2017). “That’s their percentage. All fair, I think.”





Kim also opened up about the highly publicized split between Kylie and Tyga earlier this year, hinting that it was inevitable the on-and-off couple would break up again. Host Andy Cohen asked, “On a scale of 1 to 10, how relieved were you when Kylie and Tyga finally called it quits?”
“You know, I feel like [there was] a lot of drama, and it doesn’t mean he’s a bad person at all,” Kim shared about Tyga. “And what was great was that it was so easy, that split. There has not been any drama with her since.”
Speaking about broken relationship, the Selfish author added of her own brief 2011 marriage with Kris Humphries, “I just thought, ‘Holy sh*t. I’m 30 years old. I better get this together. I better get married.”
She explained, “I think a lot of girls do go through that, where they freak out thinking they’re getting old and have to figure it out. All their friends are having kids. It was more of that situation.”






Read more about this story and catch up on other celebrity news headlines from the weekend, including:

Scott Disick Gets Flirty with Sofia Richie, Ella Ross, and U.K. blogger Maggie Petrova in Cannes
Miranda Kerr Marries Snapchat CEO Evan Spiegel
Ben Stiller Splits with Christine Taylor After 17 Years of Marriage
Emmy Rossum Weds Mr. Robot Creator Sam Esmail
Selena Gomez Talks The Weeknd: “I will Give My Heart and My Soul to the Person That I Love”



Top Celebrity News Stories—May 29, 2017








































6 Photos »


/n