Justin Bieber Leaves Mansion With Horrible Odor/n
Justin Bieber left a rank odor behind him in Australia, a report says.
And what will his reported live-in girlfriend Kourtney Kardashian think of his allegedly stinky stay?
The pop star, 23, recently stayed at a $20 million luxury mansion in Sydney and according to The Sydney Morning Herald, it turned smelly after alleged non-strop partying, screaming fans, and police visits.
The whole mess needs to be cleaned up and as Radar has recently reported, it might cast a cloud over Bieber and Kardashian’s relationship as they’ve been living together.
PHOTOS: Pregnant Kourtney Flashes Her Nipples During Late Night Out With Justin Bieber
In Australia, Bieber rented a swanky house and Cameron MacDonald, the Mosman property owner, was allegedly left with a huge cleanup project, according to the report.
On Friday, The Sydney Morning Herald reported that Bieber left an unpleasant aroma wafting through the plush premises and it had to be professionally “de-odorised.”
The newpaper’s source said the cleaning was proceeding, including the removal of the dreadful smell.
“It smelled like a Nimbin boarding house,” the insider claimed, referring to the area of Australia known as “naughty Nimbin” for its marijuana smell (even though pot use is illegal there).
PHOTOS: Kopykat! Kim Kardashian Stole Kanye West’s Birthday Party Idea From Justin Bieber — Inside The Over-The-Top Bash
As Radar has reported, a source said Bieber loves smoking marijuana and even had a “weed bunker on wheels.”
The paper also contended the singer also damaged items of furniture while renting the mansion, including a pricey couch.
Bieber paid nearly $30,000 to cover the cost of its replacement, the source told the publication.
Meanwhile, fuming neighbors were horrified and called cops to remove Bieber fans from loitering in the suburb and to address noise complaints.
PHOTOS: The 12 Most-Shocking Jokes From The Justin Bieber Comedy Central Roast
The singer has always had an active party life, as Radar readers know.
And in Australia, Bieber “‘partied with young women in the swanky pool until 3am, as SUVs and screaming fans took over the usually quiet street outside,” said the Herald source.
Kardashian, 37, who split from baby daddy Scott Disick, has been hanging often with Bieber, even at a late-night church service as Radar has reported, might now have to deal with his wild living.
A source told Radar they are already co-habitating and “they even have matching toothbrushes at each other’s houses. They’re totally inseparable and people are beginning to wonder if it’s the real deal.”
PHOTOS: Selena Gomez Slams Ex Justin Bieber For Cheating ‘Multiple Times’
According to reports, Adele and Bieber both chose to stay at the same residence during their recent visits to Sydney.
Bieber hasn’t commented on the stinky mansion report.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n