 Oh THAT'S Embarrassing! Rupert Sanders Gushes About 'Amazing' Kristen Stewart On DVD .../n
By Alexis Tereszcuk – Radar Entertainment Editor
The awkwardness continues. 
In the director’s commentary for Kristen Stewart’s movie Snow White and the Huntsman the married man she had an affair with, Rupert Sanders, speaks fondly of his fling and calls her “amazing” and “flawless.”
PHOTOS: Child Star To Bigscreen Bombshell Style! Kristen Stewart’s Transformation
As RadarOnline.com previously reported, Sanders, 41, and Kristen, 22, were romantically linked after a series of racy photos of the two were published  and the fallout from their brief indiscretion caused Robert Pattinson to break up with K-Stew and Rupert’s wife Liberty Ross to take off her wedding ring and consult with a divorce attorney.
In the movie, Liberty plays Kristen’s mother and when she first appears as Queen Eleanor on screen Rupert says “That’s actually my wife!”
PHOTOS: Liberty Ross Wears Crucifix As She Heads To The Divorce Lawyer
“First time we see Kristen Stewart,” he exclaims as the woman he cheated on his wife with makes her onscreen debut.
This was the first movie Sanders directed and it was on set that the pair got to know each other.
PHOTOS: Kristen Stewart And Chris Hemsworth On The Set Of Snow White And The Huntsman
“This is the first dialogue I shot with her; I said maybe you do a prayer. Her accent was flawless; she did such an amazing job on it.”
Rupert heaps the praise on the young ingenue, saying: “Kristen was amazing. I’d sit down with Kristen at lunch and say, ‘What do you think?'”
PHOTOS: Robert Pattinson Makes First Public Appearance Since Cheating Scandal
This is one DVD Liberty Ross might not want to be adding to her personal collection.
RELATED STORIES:
Kristen Stewart Arrives In Toronto Wearing Robert Pattinson’s Old T-Shirt!Kristen Stewart Complains About The High Cost Of Fame And ‘Struggle To Conduct Herself In Public’
‘Nervous’ Kristen Stewart Fretting Over Toronto Film Festival Appearance
Robert Pattinson’s Sisters Would ‘Kill Him’ If He Gets Back Together With Kristen Stewart /n