This Is What Kourtney Kardashian Keeps in Her Dining Room/n





                    Step Inside Kourtney and Khloé Kardashian's Lavish Homes
                







The Kardashians are opening the doors to their multi-million dollar mansions.

 MORE >>










                    Inside Scott Disick's New Bachelor Pad 
                







Scott Disick gives a house tour of his new home post-Kourtney Kardashian split. 

 MORE >>





Kourtney Kardashian spared no expense when it came to decorating her house.

In a new post shared on her app, the reality star breaks down all the pieces of furniture she keeps in her dining room. Boasting that the space comfortably seats the entire Kardashian clan for family meals, the mom-of-three reveals that she wanted to keep things neutral — unlike her last home with its dizzying black-and-white striped walls — this time around.
“I like to keep table settings minimal with white Hermès plates, modern silverware and cool glasses with marble bases (instead of traditional stemware),” she writes.





CREDIT: KourtneyKardashian.com


Kardashian keeps an Interieurs chandelier hanging above a table custom designed by her interior decorator, Martyn Lawrence Bullard. Above a sleek-looking buffet, the reality star has hung a large Roy Lichtenstein print that, she says, “adds a great pop of color and also goes along with the modern décor.”
However, the most impressive feature has to be Kardashian’s collection of vintage Pierre Jeanneret chairs, which she claims Martyn had to scour around to individual pieces to make up the large set.  After finding 12 seats, Kardashian “had the cushions redone so they all matched.”


Kourtney Kardashian Gives a Tour of her home








































12 Photos »


“Martyn sent me three color options for the drapes and the cushions. The other options were more neutral and since my whole home is pretty neutral we went with blue to add a little color to my home,” she explains. “I go back and forth on wanting cream drapes and no cushions but it would be easy enough to make some cream drapes to switch out and take the cushions off. I’m into the blue right now.”
While she’s not enjoying a meal in her beautifully decorated dining room, Kardashian is admittedly working out in her backyard. In another entry posted on her app, Kardashian shares the warm-up she does before every workout. Basically, her prep is most people’s exercise for the day.
Take a look how Kourt keeps fit — below!





/n