Kate Upton Explains Why She Can’t Have Sex with Justin Verlander Before or After His Games/n





                    Kate Upton and Justin Verlander Drops $5.475 Million on a New Mansion
                







Take a tour of their future marital home!

 MORE >>










                    Kate Upton Poses Topless for Third Career 'Sports Illustrated' Swimsuit Issue Cover
                







Slay!

 MORE >>





It’s tough being in a relationship with an athlete. Just ask Kate Upton.

According to the model, who is currently engaged to Detroit Tigers’ Justin Verlander, she can’t have sex with her fiancé before or after his baseball games.
“There’s no sex before a game — absolutely none,” she told Andy Cohen during her latest appearance on Watch What Happens Live. “What I’ve just found out is, if he plays too well, there’s no sex after, either.”
She explained, “He’s exhausted. It’s kind of a buzzkill for me.”
Last November, Upton jokingly wrote that she was “the only person allowed to f**k @JustinVerlander” when the baseball player was snubbed for the 2016 American League Cy Young Award. Taking to Twitter, the 24-year-old sided with her future husband and lashed out at Major League Baseball after two sportswriters — Fred Goodall of The Associated Press and Bill Chastain of MLB.com — left the pitcher off their voting ballots.


Kate Upton Has a Wardrobe Malfunction








































24 Photos »


“What 2 writers didn’t have him on their ballot?” she wrote “@MLB Keep up with the times and fire those writers.”
Upton told Cohen that Verlander had no problems with her tweets, and even stood by her decisions to call out the MLB.
“I had to write it so fast because he wasn’t even off TV yet. I was like, ‘Oh, I have to write it before he edits me,'” she recalled. “I think his first reaction was a little bit surprised that I had already sent [the tweets], but overall he loved it. I just think that the MLB should really plan ahead—maybe prepare their writers.”
Upton and Verlander, 34, first met in 2012 when they were shooting a video game commercial. The got engaged in 2016, with Upton debuting her massive engagement ring on the Met Gala red carpet.


Kate Upton Reveals Engagement Ring from Justin Verlander








































10 Photos »


/n