Cheating Website Ashley Madison Is Dragged Into Lawsuit Against Josh Duggar/n
Josh Duggar can’t quite seem to cut ties with the adultery website Ashley Madison, Radar has learned.
According to court documents, the owners of the controversial site for married people who are seeking affairs are being dragged into a lawsuit Matthew McCarthy filed last year against the reality TV star, accusing Duggar of posing as McCarthy by using his photos on multiple social/dating sites including Ashley Madison, OkCupid and Twitter.
Now, as legal papers filed on June 7 in Los Angeles reveal, the Ashley Madison owners have been subpoenaed to testify on Duggar’s dating profile– and his attempts to solicit dates from individuals outside Arkansas, where he lives.
PHOTOS: Choking, Dirty Names, No Condoms: The 15 Most Shocking Revelations From Disgraced Josh Duggar’s Porn Star Lover Danica Dillon
McCarthy, a DJ, has claimed in the lawsuit that Duggar stole his identity, using McCarthy’s photo as Duggar’s profile pictures on his accounts, making it appear it was McCarthy that other users were connecting with!
In the explosive lawsuit, McCarthy said he was raised with Catholic values in a tight-knit family, which made things worse when it was revealed Duggar had been connected to these porn sites. Duggar has confessed to having an addiction to porn and was using the dating sites to find women.
As Radar has reported, the former 19 Kids & Counting star admitted in 2015 that he had been unfaithful to wife Anna and kept a paid account on Ashley Madison.
PHOTOS: Disgraced? 7 Photos Of Josh & Anna Duggar In First Outing Since Reports Of Sex Abuse Scandal
“I have been the biggest hypocrite ever,” Duggar said at the time in a bombshell statement posted on the family website. “While espousing faith and family values, I have secretly over the last several years been viewing pornography on the internet and this became a secret addiction and I became unfaithful to my wife.”
But according to McCarthy, a total stranger, Duggar did him wrong, too, by using his photo on Ashley Madison and other sites.
McCarthy has claimed that after the news broke, because Duggar had allegedly used Mc Carthy’s photo, he was harassed online with people calling him “Duggar’s Boy Toy” and other names.
PHOTOS; Josh Duggar Exposed Again? 8 Clues Suggesting ’19 Kids’ Star May Have Had An Ashley Madison Account
The suit is demanding Duggar pay damages for the wrongful use of his image.
In April, Duggar headed to court, demanding McCarthy’s suit be tossed out of court.
The disgraced reality star explained the case is about whether posting an image on a passive internet site constitutes sufficient minimum contact to subject a defendant to jurisdiction in California. He said “it does not,” said legal documents.
PHOTOS: Heading Back To Arkansas? Moving Trucks Arrive At Josh Duggar’s Maryland Home –– Walls Continue To Cave In On Reality Star’s Life After Molestation Shocker Exposed
Duggar pointed out the case was filed in California but he lives in Arkansas, arguing that McCarthy filed his lawsuit in the wrong venue. According to Duggar, any alleged use by him of passive websites that might be viewed in California does not mean the plaintiff can sue in that court.
He demanded the judge dismiss the entire lawsuit and force McCarthy to bring his legal battle to the reality star’s home turf in Arkansas.
But on June 7, McCarthy fired back at Duggar’s attempt to have the lawsuit tossed out of court.
PHOTOS: Truth Exposed! 15 Most Shocking Revelations From Parts 1 & 2 of Duggar Interviews With Megyn Kelly — Josh Duggar A “Sly” Predator
The DJ called Duggar’s argument that California Court doesn’t have personal jurisdiction over him – due to his belief any photos used were on passive internet websites – mistaken.
McCarthy explained in legal papers that he believes the court will not grant Duggar’s motion to dismiss on the grounds he has no ties to California. McCarthy blasted this assertion, alleging the reality star used his photo on sites like Ashley Madison to solicit dates with individuals outside of Arkansas — and especially in California.
McCarthy pleaded with the judge to order Duggar to participate in discovery — and for the reality star to admit he used a dating profile on Ashley Madison, that he communicated with other users based in California, and to answer whether he used another person’s photo, representing it as himself on the site. However, Duggar has refused to participate in discovery pending the decision on his motion.
PHOTOS: Strip Club Employee Reveals Details Of Josh’s Night With Porn Star — Shocking New Photos!
Meanwhile, as Radar readers know, Duggar’s forgiving wife Anna is expecting another baby by her scandal-plagued husband, who was accused of molesting his sisters.
He spent six months in sex addiction rehab last year.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n