Tom Hiddleston Apologizes for Abysmal Golden Globes Speech/n





                    Not Even Benedict Cumberbatch Wants to Talk to Tom Hiddleston About Taylor Swift
                







Hiddleswift is dead.

 MORE >>





Tom Hiddleston has issued an official apology amid backlash against his acceptance speech at the 2017 Golden Globes.

When the British actor took home an award for his work on The Night Manager this Sunday, many fans blasted Hiddleston for making light of the civil war in South Sudan, telling a lengthy story that appeared to be more tone-deaf and self-congratulatory than anything else.


 Tom Hiddleston attends 2017 golden globes








































7 Photos »


At the time, Hiddleston recalled being approached by members of Doctors Without Borders during his visit to the nation and that they had informed him that they binge-watched the miniseries during a shelling. In his speech, Hiddleston said he was moved by “the idea that we could provide some relief and entertainment for people … who are fixing the world in the places where it is broken.”

TOM HIDDLESTON: Listen to my speech about Sudan
AUDIENCE: Okay
HIDDLESTON: …and how it proves my TV show was good.
AUDIENCE: Oh no.
— Freddie Campion (@FreddieCampion) January 9, 2017


The perfect facial summation of what Tom Hiddleston just did. #GoldenGlobes pic.twitter.com/JZcfIthpN8
— Travon Free (@Travon) January 9, 2017



Christian Slater’s face listening to Tom Hiddleston’s “people in South Sudan love me” speech should be on US currency. pic.twitter.com/8HbZScXbH2
— Mike Ryan (@mikeryan) January 9, 2017


The lack of interest in Tom Hiddleston’s story about his show is my everything https://t.co/vsTHCK0WQK
— Dave Lozo (@davelozo) January 9, 2017


A day after telling the press that “we all have to do the best we can to help each other out” amid criticism about his speech, Hiddleston wrote out a formal statement on his Facebook and apologized for the blunder. According to the 35-year-old, he couldn’t articulate his message properly due to his nerves.
“I just wanted to say… I completely agree that my speech at the Golden Globes last night was inelegantly expressed,” he wrote. “In truth, I was very nervous, and my words just came out wrong. Sincerely, my only intention was to salute the incredible bravery and courage of the men and women who work so tirelessly for UNICEF UK, Doctors Without Borders/ Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF), and World Food Programme, and the children of South Sudan, who continue to find hope and joy in the most difficult conditions. I apologise that my nerves got the better of me.”
Watch his full speech below:





/n