 ‘He Could Kill Again!’ Bobbi Kristina Brown’s Family Wants Nick Gordon Locked Up.../n
Bobbi Kristina Brown’s family is appalled by notorious abuser Nick Gordon’s recent behavior — and want him thrown behind bars for good, RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal.
Nearly two years after Whitney Houston and Bobby Brown’s daughter died from injuries sustained in a near-drowning incident, the celeb golden girl’s onetime fiancé Nick, 27, was arrested for battery and false imprisonment of his new girlfriend, Florida restaurant worker Laura Leal, 26, on June 10. He remains in jail while awaiting bail.
“Nick’s latest arrest is sending shock waves through the Houston family,” an insider told Radar. “It’s like having a partially healed scab ripped off. The worst of it all is that they feel they never got justice for Krissi’s death.”
PHOTOS: Nick Gordon Reveals Chilling New Details About Bobbi Kristina’s Death
“Krissi is dead and Nick walked free.”
As Radar readers know, Nick was found legally responsible for Bobbi Kristina’s death in a civil lawsuit last year. He was ordered to pay his ex’s estate $36 million in a shocking ruling.
In the October 2015 lawsuit, Bobbi Kristina’s estate claimed Nick murdered her with a drug injection after a “violent alternation” in January of that year. The aspiring singer was discovered unconscious in her bathtub, and never woke up. She died six months later.
PHOTOS: Bobbi Kristina Brown Betrayed! Nick Gordon Steps Out With New Girl
“Now Whitney and Krissi’s family worry Nick is liable to kill someone unless he’s thrown behind bars and locked up for good,” the source continued. “It’s chilling to think that Nick is repeating the past. If he’s left unchecked, a tragedy is going to happen again. The similarities in how Nick abused Laura and how he abused Krissi are eerie.”
“They’re praying Nick gets thrown in jail for a long time so he can’t hurt another woman,” the insider concluded. “He’s the worst kind of predator.”
In a bombshell interview with The Daily Mail, Leal alleged that Gordon pinned her to a bed and punched her head to the point that she thought she was dead. She also claimed that she was bullied and manipulated by him.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n