Katy Perry Celebrates Her Birthday at Olive Garden Because Why Not? When you're a celebrity you pretty much can go wherever you want, whenever you want, so when it came time for Katy Perry to celebrate her 31st birthday she went to Oliv.../n
When you're a celebrity you pretty much can go wherever you want, whenever you want, so when it came time for Katy Perry to celebrate her 31st birthday she went to Olive Garden.Wait...what?!That's right. The "Roar" singer chose to dine at Olive Garden for her big day, and she made sure to capture the moment on Instagram, where she gushed about her experience. "When you could go anywhere for your bday dinner but you're so OG that you go to OG with all your OG's. [Photo] by @ronyalwin #thosebreadstickstho," she captioned the awesome picture of her and her friends.We guess that answers our question of whether or not she participated in the unlimited soup, salad and breadsticks deal.Perry has been celebrating her birthday, which was Sunday, nonstop! Over the weekend she teamed up with presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton in Des Moines, Iowa, for a rally where she performed. The pop star didn't fail to impress with her patriotic ensemble, as she wore a strapless white Michael Costello-designed dress and a handmade, crystal-studded American-flag cape that she paired with a red and blue turban.



AP Photo/Charlie Neibergall

In addition to performing "Firework" and "Roar," Perry also urged attendees to go out and vote."You have so much power and this is one of the most important elections in over a decade. So much change can happen," Perry said. "I stand and I march with Hillary. I believe in her future, her vision. I believe in her policies. I believe in equal rights for men, women, pay...Thank you for having me, she's my firework."Russell Brand's ex began her campaign day by taking over Clinton's Instagram. One photo showed her impressive manicure, which featured the politico's logo."Katy Perry here, taking over Hills' IG today for the rally in Iowa. The stage is set, and the nails are pressed. T-minus 1.5 hours before we Roar together. #ImWithHer -Katy," she captioned a pic.
/n