Clyde Glides Off the Dance Floor/n
Clyde Drexler may be one of the 50 greatest NBA players of all time, but as a dancer...he kinda stinks.  The Houston Rockets star turned broadcaster was eliminated from Dancing with the Stars Tuesday, a night after turning in a performance that judge Bruno Tonioli described as "a rumba under an anesthetic" and earning a competition-low 13, matched only by Billy Ray Cyrus in week one.  "I want to thank the fans who voted and kept us in the competition," Drexler said amiably after learning that he was the latest to go. (And was that a fist pump?) "Lord knows they were keeping us in."  Clyde the Glide did no such thing Monday, taking his usual stiff turn around the ballroom and looking both self-conscious of his height and not particularly interested in being there. The "dance of romance" it wasn't.  To their credit, Drexler and partner Elena Grinenko had spent part of their prep week in Guangzhou, China, where the 6-foot, 7-inch athlete had a speaking engagement, but all of that extra bonding didn't seem to pay off on the dance floor, with Drexler instead appearing confused as to why a sequin-clad Russian woman was shimmying around him.   Although gracious as always, he was no Apolo Anton Ohno, that's for sure.  The Olympic speed skater broke away from the pack Monday, dancing a samba with partner Julianne Hough that judge Carrie Ann Inaba deemed "perfection" and landing atop the leader board with the first 30 of the season.  "Up to this point we've been known as the Mr. and Mrs. Cute Couple. No longer. Now we're going to be known as the Mr. and Mrs. Hot, Sexy Samba," Ohno offered up in his pre-performance interview.   As they wished. Judge Len Goodman called it "a great, great show," while Tonioli called Ohno and Hough "two bewitching devils."  They earned a standing ovation from audience member Florence Henderson, anyway.   Hot on Ohno's trail was Laila Ali, whose flair for making a strong showing in those later rounds served her well Monday. Calling her the comeback kid after a so-so Paso Doble last week, the boxer and daughter of boxing royalty scored a 28 for her supersexy rumba.  Taking a half-step back was Joey Fatone, who was next with 25 and a charge of being "a little bit feminine" with his rumba. The former boy bander was joined in the practice room by 'N Sync mate Lance Bass and Celebrity Duets winner Alfonso Ribeiro, who were more than happy to critique their pal.   Right there with Fatone was Ian Ziering (24 for his samba), whose partner, two-time champ Cheryl Burke, must be wondering if her reign is coming to an end. Ziering has the moves but, as the judges say, he's thinking too hard and just needs to let go once in a while, preferably on the dance floor.  Heather Mills also fell a bit in the judges' eyes, scoring a 21 on her samba and earning a recommendation that she take ballet lessons to "polish the top half." The ex-Mrs. McCartney, whose range in spite of her prosthetic leg continues to wow on a weekly basis, still won raves for her "great hip work" and "disco diva" action.  Mills may have fallen a bit in viewers' eyes, too, after making partner Jonathan Roberts wax his chest to add that extra bit of, what, pain?, to their Latin dance. Whatever the reason, Mills' moves landed her in the bottom two Tuesday alongside Drexler. Bringing up the rear were Billy Ray Cyrus (17) and John Ratzenberger (18), both of whom received kudos for "giving it a go" out there, but neither of whom have what it takes to take home the disco ball.  Quote of the week: Len Goodman telling Cyrus Monday that his rumba looked "like a couple having a bit of hanky-panky in the back of a Chevy."Tuesday's results show also featured appearances by Macy Gray, who dedicated her new single, "Finally Made Me Happy," to the victims of the shooting at Virginia Tech, and season-two finalist Lisa Rinna, who sang "Roxie," giving the audience a sneak preview of her upcoming turn as Roxie Hart in Chicago on Broadway. 
/n