 Drake Is ‘Interested In’ Justin Bieber’s Rumored Girlfriend, Model Shanina Shaik!.../nWatch out, Justin Bieber because Drake may be about to steal your girl! The rapper was seen with Victoria’s Secret model Shanina Shaik and is reportedly “interested” in her!According to a report in E! News, Drake and Shanina had dinner together with friends at Buddakan in New York City June 6, where they were very “talkative” and “friendly.”The pair later hit up nightclub Opus and while they did not go home together, Drake reportedly “looked like he was very interested in Shanina.”Shanina, who previously dated Tyson Beckford, was most recently linked to Justin Bieber, who flew her out to Las Vegas in May for the Floyd Mayweather vs. Manny Pacquaio fight.They were seen showing major PDA and posing for the cameras with Shanina as Justin’s arm candy. Shanina even shared social media love for Justin and thanked him for “a great weekend.”

PHOTOS: Justin Bieber Is Dating Shanina ShaikMeanwhile, Drake was most recently dating model Bernice Burgos, who he was seen hugging and kissing in Australia back in March.Do you think Shanina and Drake would make a cute couple? Tweet us at @OKMagazine!
PHOTOS: See Madonna Make Out With Drake!Watch out, Justin Bieber because Drake may be about to steal your girl! The rapper was seen with Victoria’s Secret model Shanina Shaik and is reportedly “interested” in her!According to a report in E! News, Drake and Shanina had dinner together with friends at Buddakan in New York City June 6, where they were very “talkative” and “friendly.”The pair later hit up nightclub Opus and while they did not go home together, Drake reportedly “looked like he was very interested in Shanina.”Shanina, who previously dated Tyson Beckford, was most recently linked to Justin Bieber, who flew her out to Las Vegas in May for the Floyd Mayweather vs. Manny Pacquaio fight.They were seen showing major PDA and posing for the cameras with Shanina as Justin’s arm candy. Shanina even shared social media love for Justin and thanked him for “a great weekend.”

PHOTOS: Justin Bieber Is Dating Shanina ShaikMeanwhile, Drake was most recently dating model Bernice Burgos, who he was seen hugging and kissing in Australia back in March.Do you think Shanina and Drake would make a cute couple? Tweet us at @OKMagazine!
PHOTOS: See Madonna Make Out With Drake!/n