there, but then we read about this married couple from Bakersfield, Calif. and we know that theirs is the love story to end all love stories. Don and Maxine Simpson were married for more than 60 years, and when they passed away into the next.../n
We really thought our relationship with pizza was the purest form of love out there, but then we read about this married couple from Bakersfield, Calif. and we know that theirs is the love story to end all love stories.Don and Maxine Simpson were married for more than 60 years, and when they passed away into the next life they did so within hours of each other.The couple, who first met in a bowling alley in Bakersfield, was inseparable, according to their family. They traveled the world together and adopted two boys over the span of their 62-year courtship.

"All Don wanted was to be with his beautiful wife. He adored my grandmother, loved her to the end of the Earth," their granddaughter Melissa Sloan told KERO-TV.A couple of weeks ago, Don fell and broke his hip, and soon after his health began deteriorating. Meanwhile, Maxine was losing her battle with cancer. So they were moved to the family house and placed in a room together so they could die right by each other's side.

"I knew in my heart this is what's supposed to happen. Grandma and grandpa are supposed to be together and grandma and grandpa are going to die together," Melissa said. "We kept them together, and had their beds side by side. Gram woke up and saw him, and held hands and they knew that they were next to each other."After Maxine passed, Melissa took her grandmother's body from the room. By the time she got back, Don had stopped breathing as well."He left with her, and they passed four hours apart from each other," she revealed. "They left this world together. It's just amazing. It really is amazing. It's a true love story."

If you're not crying yet, you can read a similar story about a married couple who never spent a night apart dying within hours of each other.Thank cupid these stories are around to remind us that true love is real. Even if the truest love you have right now is the bond between you and your pet. It's still real! 
/n