Gizelle Bryant & Husband Sued For Secretly Filming Woman In Her Shower/n
Gizelle Bryant may be dealing with her crazy costars now that she is the star of Real Housewives of Potomac.
But RadarOnline.com has learned that Bryant, 45, and her former husband Pastor Jamal Bryant, 44, were the subject of a outrageous lawsuit prior to her joining the hit Bravo show.
According to handwritten court documents obtained by Radar exclusively, on Oct. 8, 2014 a woman filed a lawsuit against the Bryants demanding that they “cease eavesdropping, wiretapping and video surveillance” on her and seeking an “unspecified amount” in damages, claiming that her live was “destroyed” after they invaded her “privacy.”
PHOTOS: Top Earning Real Housewives
The plaintiff, Sylvia Rolle of Brooklyn, New York, alleged that the Bryants used her for their “amusement, entertainment, and profit” and that they installed “an imaging device to view plaintiff intentionally without a consent.”
According to Rolle, the Bryants used this device to “view, broadcast, plaintiff in the bedroom, changing room, restroom, toilet, hotel, bathroom, and shower without plaintiff knowledge and also consent [sic].”
Rolle alleged that the Bryants published and sold the images, and used the device to “broadcast plaintiff dressing and undressing… to expose intimate parts of the body.”
PHOTOS: Real Housewives, Real Scandals: 28 Of The Biggest Scandals To Hit The Bravo Franchise
She said that they listened to her conversations and disseminated “graphic images.”
Rolle reported that she was the victim of social security, medicare, disability, and medical fraud, real estate theft, and identity theft.
She said that the Bryants “practice non-stop elder abuse,” hid her funds from her, stole her vehicle identification number, used her “credentials,” used “false instruments for filing income tax,” read her mail, and activated “a mechanical device that permits tracking of every moment.”
PHOTOS: Punches! Hair Pulling & Drunken Battles! The 13 Nastiest Fights EVER On Real Housewives
Finally, Rolle alleged that the Bryants installed “an imaging device to view, record, broadcast under the clothing being worn by same person to reveal intimate parts of the body.”
On Nov. 11 of that year, United States District Judge William F. Kuntz II dismissed the outrageous lawsuit as “frivolous” and “lack of subject matter jurisdiction.”
“Because the Complaint is devoid of any basis in law or fact, defects which cannot be cured by amendment, the Complaint is dismissed as frivolous,” the judge wrote.
PHOTOS: Relive The Top Craziest “Real Housewives’ Reunion Moments
He added that the allegations in the claim were “the product of delusion or fantasy.”
This isn’t the first time the Bryants have run into problems.
As Radar previously reported, Jamal has been slammed with $440,982 in tax liens (a rep for the Pastor said that “those issues are being rectified and nothing is outstanding).
PHOTOS: The Housewives Curse! 20 Couples Whose Marriages Exploded After Going On The Bravo Show
Bryant also divorced her husband after learning that Jamal had an affair.
“Actually the young lady told me,” she admitted to OKMagazine.com. “She called me and told me. That was a lovely day.” /n