The 7 Best New Songs of the Week: Beyoncé, Beyoncé, Beyoncé (and More)/n





                    More New Songs
                







Last week's collection of great new tunes. 

 MORE >>





Looking for new tunes? We’ve got you covered.

So much new music is released each week that it’s impossible to hear it all. Not that you’d want to; a lot of it isn’t so hot. But let us help simplify your search for new sounds with a roundup of the week’s 11 best new songs. Trust us. We have good taste. (And check out last week’s collection if your hunger has still not been sated.)
Note: Unfortunately, due to the fact Lemonade is streaming exclusively on TIDAL (and now, apparently, Pandora), we are unable to provide stream embeds for the Beyoncé songs mentioned below. But do yourself a favor and just go support the best album released in 2016 so far if you haven’t already.
Beyoncé – “Hold Up”
It’s nearly impossible to pick a favorite song off of Beyoncé’s flawless sixth album Lemonade, but “Hold Up” absolutely ranks in the top three. In this song, which I can almost guarantee will be her next single, Bey’s sings about infidelity in a way that’s fun to listen to. – Jelani
Meghan Trainor – “Better” (ft. Yo Gotti)

While Meghan Trainor’s new collab with Yo Gotti is unexpected, it nevertheless makes for an excellent song. It’s completely different from her usual poppy “retro” sound, in a great way. I’m surprised to hear myself say that I’m looking forward to more of her new songs, given my appreciation for the oddly addicting “No,” and now “Better.” – Kaitlyn
Beyoncé – “6 Inch” (Feat. The Weeknd)
Almost every track on Lemonade stands out on its own way; it is very difficult for me to pick one (or even a few) favorite(s). My favorite track changes minute-by-minute, but currently I feel compelled to give props to the sexy “6 Inch,” featuring The Weeknd. If you choose to listen to Lemonade as a straightforward narrative — woman believes her husband is cheating on her, confronts him, confronts her own hurt and anger, threatens to leave him, begins a personal journey towards forgiveness and redemption, achieves closure, and transcends —  “6 Inch” comes at the point in the story where the woman has seemingly chosen to leave her man and is on the prowl (for something: The Next One, self-empowerment, maybe both). The very end of the song — “You always come back to meeeeeeeeeee” — brings about the turning point of the album; it is the very moment where Beyoncé ditches the “boy, bye” chapter and begins her introspective journey towards understanding, discovery, freedom, and, ultimately, happiness. On an album full of moments, that turn is one of the most powerful. – Matt
Blink 182 – “Bored to Death”





Blink 182 has a new band lineup (so long, Tom Delonge) and a new album (their seventh) coming out, entitled California. “Bored to Death” is our first taste, and it’s incredibly reminiscent of their music from the mid-2000s, i.e. my youth. And that’s not a bad thing at all. – Kaitlyn
Calum Scott – “Dancing on My Own”

I am a huge fan of Robyn’s “Dancing On My Own,” so when I heard about Calum Best (from Britain’s Got Talent) and his cover of the hit, I was quite skeptical. He gives the song a sparse makeover, simply accompanied by a piano and some very emotive vocals. He really has a great voice and it suits the arrangement of the song extremely well. You’re going to have this one on repeat. – Michael
Beyoncé – “Sandcastles”
This song will forever remind me of the catharsis that I felt upon my first listen of Beyoncé’s Lemonade after experiencing the turmoil, whether fact or fictitious, of the infidelity in her marriage with Jay Z. The vocals are raw, exuding the the fragility of love, the vulnerability of the human heart, and the forgiveness — both internal and external — that comes as a result of accepting each others’ scars of imperfection. TL;DR: it made me cry. – Mia
Clare Maguire – “The Valley”

I chose Clare Maguire’s “Elizabeth Taylor” for inclusion in this feature a few weeks ago, and now, if “The Valley” is indication, her upcoming album Stranger Things Have Happened will be a homerun. “The Valley” trades “Elizabeth Taylor’s” sullen, minimalst piano balladry for a dusky, soulful march, more Feist than Lana Del Rey. But its sweeping chorus will lift you up from the valley floor to the very top of the mountain. – Matt
Come back next week (and not a moment before then! JK!) for another batch of fresh music.
/n