invited to the hospital room after the delivery. Co-star and newly engaged Demetria McKinney stopped by as well as family members Mama Joyce and Aunt Bertha. Kandi also revealed on Instagram that Phaedra Parks, Tiny, and Married to Medicine&.../n
Kandi Burruss' baby boy has developed quite the impressive following.It's only been three days since the Real Housewives of Atlanta star welcomed her first child with husband Todd Tucker. But in a short amount of time, baby Ace is already feeling the love from strangers across the country.After arriving home from the hospital Saturday afternoon, Ace may be delighted to hear about the Instagram account his mom and dad already created for him. Or maybe, he'll be thrilled to hear he already has 22,000 followers!"Enjoy seeing the world thru my eyes!" his profile reads even though we have a feeling mom and dad are totally behind every word. So, what does this public page have to offer? As it turns out, Bravo fans may love what they see.

In addition to adorable photos of baby Ace, viewers learned what famous friends were invited to the hospital room after the delivery.Co-star and newly engaged Demetria McKinney stopped by as well as family members Mama Joyce and Aunt Bertha. Kandi also revealed on Instagram that Phaedra Parks, Tiny, and Married to Medicine's Dr. Jackie paid a visit.While the entire family gets settled into their home, E! News can share with you how Ace's proud parents came up with a special name.

"We named our beautiful baby boy Ace because I wanted something unique," Kandi told E! News exclusively. "When he becomes school age, hopefully he won't have to worry about another person in the class having his name.""More than that, Ace represents the number 1 and that of the highest quality and our baby Ace is definitely that!" the proud mom continued. "His middle name Wells was Todd's mother's last name. Using her last name as his middle name was our way of honoring her memory."Perhaps Ace will be able to catch up with Ice-T and Coco's baby on Instagram in a few short weeks. Oh didn't you hear? Baby Chanel also has an account with a whopping 230,000 followers.  (E! and Bravo are part of the NBCUniversal family)
/n