Taylor Swift Is Way Too 'Pretty' To Draw, According To Criticized Courtroom Sketch Artist/n

As we reported, on Monday in Denver, a jury found DJ David Mueller guilty of sexual assault and battery against Taylor Swift after he groped her at a 2013 meet-and-greet.
While the musician was able to escape the paparazzi during the trial, we have an idea of what she looked like and what she wore because of courtroom sketch artist Jeff Kandyba!
Related: Kesha Tweets Support For Taylor Swift Amid Groping Trial!
As seen on Twitter:

Sketch artist Jeff Kandyba's rendering of today's court proceedings #TaylorSwiftTrial pic.twitter.com/Hz5gxLX4Ue
— Krystyna Biassou (@KrystynaMay23) August 8, 2017


Sketch artist Jeff Kandyba's renderings of day 4 of the #taylorswifttrial feat. Greg Dent, Shannon Melcher and Ryan Kliesch. pic.twitter.com/gF8tQtknjV
— Krystyna Biassou (@KrystynaMay23) August 11, 2017

Sadly, not everyone is a fan of the Boulder-native's work, as some felt the pictures looked nothing like Taylor in real life!
In an interview with Fox-31 Denver, the artist explains the 27-year-old is just too damn "pretty" to draw properly! 

"A person like Taylor Swift, who is very pretty, who has perfectly proportioned dimensions on the face, is actually much harder [to draw]… Everybody's got little idiosyncrasies about them that you want to pick up on… It's hard. Some people are just much easier to draw than others… If you give me somebody with a beard and glasses — bingo — got it."
Kandyba knew his sketches would be seen by millions, so he made sure to practice before the trial took place.

"It made me very nervous going into it… That's why I did practice sketches ahead of time."
Additionally, Jeff thinks his cynics need to cut him some slack! Not only is he "35 feet away" from Swift, drawing one of the world's most famous singers is no walk in the park! He told Westword:

"I'm probably sitting 35 feet away from her looking through binoculars—and if you've ever tried to draw anything looking through binoculars, it's not the easiest thing in the world. You go more for resemblance, and hopefully you can at least get that… I don't think you can ever draw a personality like Taylor Swift well enough to have everybody go out and say, 'That's great.'"
In the words of TayTay, haters gonna hate, hate, hate!
[Image via Michael Konopasek/Twitter.]
/n