Brit Isn't Fit to Lit...igate, Says Attorney/nBritney Spears' court-appointed attorney (the one who is being paid $10K per week out of Brit's money) says that the B-mama isn't quite ready to deal with her own legal issues ... yet.L.A. Superior Court Commissioner Reva Goetz said that Spears' doctor has not yet completed a  "differential diagnosis " and  "wants to do additional testing in the not-too-distant future " to check up on her again. So, for the time being, Brit has to stay out of the  "litigation process or ... discovery proceedings. " Her court-appointed attorney says her condition is  "fluid " and that it could be  "harmful to her " if she participates in any aspect of the litigation.    Cosby's Fugly Donation to Charity Bill Cosby is putting a few of his trademark  "Cosby Show " sweaters to good use by letting overweight, middle-aged dads buy them for charity.Bidding on Heathcliff Huxtable's sweaters will run from June 2 to June 12 on eBay, with all money raised going towards the Hello Friend /Ennis William Cosby Foundation.Buyers beware, wearing the sweaters in the presence of your wife might get you denied a hoagie sandwich.   Sheen and Brooke – Two and a Half Already? This should make for some flinty fodder for Denise Richards and her reality show.Rush & Molloy report that the couple, who are getting hitched tonight, could already be expecting a real wedding present – their first kid.  "They've been busy working on having a baby, " says a pal to R&M.  "They have been for a couple of months. "Apparently the couple is hoping for a son –- Charlie has three girls already.   Mischa M.I.A.? Mischa Barton –- not someone, as the New York Post points out, who is exactly brimming with movie roles -– has gone off the reservation during the promo push for the film.Roland Joffe, the legendary director who cast Mischa in  "You and I, " says that Mischa  "hasn't pulled out of interviews, she's pulled out of everything. " Apparently she's just disappeared:  "Her room is here, she is here, but trying to get the two together has just been impossible. We just don't know where Mischa is. "   Party Favors: Fearsome Femme Foursome Lights Up L.A. ... Obama – Candidate for Change ... Of Underwear?  "Sex and the City " hits the big screen today, but we hear that a real-life quartet of lovely, big-city entrepreneurs – ex-CNN anchor Daryn Kagan, Paige Adams-Geller, LA socialite Amy Swift, and Dermalogica's Jane Wurwand -- will be congregating in L.A. tomorrow at the Ladies Who Launch event. ... Designer Andrew Christian has just created a line of Barack Obama boxer briefs and will donate $1 for each pair sold towards the Illinois senator's campaign. Unfortunately, there are no plans to make McCain tighty whiteys or a Hillary thong!/n