5 Things You Can't Miss Today: Victoria's Secret Angels Chowing Down Pre-Fashion Show, Elizabeth Banks Hangs With Effie Barbie & More ... /n
What has us buzzing in the PEOPLE StyleWatch offices? We’re sharing five things that got us talking today — because if we’re loving them, we know you will too. Join our conversation and let us know what has you clicking, favoriting, pinning, double-tapping and all that other good stuff.
We thought they’d be doing a juice cleanse (or cutting food out altogether) Victoria’s Secret Fashion show, but no, the genetically blessed Cara Delevingne and Candice Swanepoel chow down on french fries and sandwiches hours before. #modellife 





 #regram @jeromeduran @angelcandices prep for the show #vsfashionshow #howwedo
A post shared by Cara Delevingne (@caradelevingne) on Nov 13, 2013 at 6:19am PST



Also in honor of the Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show, please enjoy this throwback pic of new mom Jaime King during her angel days! 





 In honor of the Victoria'a Secret fashion show- please enjoy this ridiculously over the top pic someone sent me from my Victoria's Secret days. #ridic #lookayallthatfakehair!
A post shared by Jaime King (@jaime_king) on Nov 13, 2013 at 1:17pm PST


Time for a highlight reel! This video contains some really A-listy footage from the CFDA and Vogue Fashion Fund Finalists Celebration in N.Y.C. Hear from the winners and relive the glam style at the tenth annual awards.
 
Pamela Anderson is feeling totally liberated and inspired post pixie cut. “My hair was so much a part of my personality and all my photo shoots,” she told The Cut. “I hid behind my hair. And then, I just decided I was okay with myself.”
To further prove her point, she even posted an old-timey movie poster featuring iconic pixie-wearing star Jean Seberg. Does anyone else see the resemblance? 

pic.twitter.com/0jXOpuRkRy
— Pamela Anderson (@PamelaDAnderson) November 12, 2013
Your new favorite person to track on The Hunger Games: Catching Fire promo tour: the fierce Effie barbie, of course. Elizabeth Banks is documenting the the travels of her character’s namesake doll on her Facebook, Twitter and Instagram accounts. And we love her for it. 



–Brittany Talarico 
/n