Alexander Skarsgård Goes FULL Frontal on Big Little Lies

/n
WARNING: The following post contains spoilers from Sunday’s episode of Big Little Lies.
Alexander Skarsgård put on quite the show on this week’s Big Little Lies.
As audiences tuned in for the latest episode of the HBO drama miniseries, they got to know the actor very well when he bared all for cameras.
Acting opposite on-screen wife Nicole Kidman, the 40-year-old Swedish actor exposed himself when he went full frontal when his character Perry attempted to seduce Kidman’s Celeste.
According to Cosmopolitan, Celeste rejected his sexual offer because she had to get ready for the show, which resulted in him suffering an injury “by way of the nearest object in the walk-in closet.”
Naturally, many viewers couldn’t help but comment on social media — even questioning if his penis was a “prosthetic” or a “rubber hose.”


There is a comedy gold scene in Big Little Lies involving a tennis racquet and alexander skarsgard's penis
— footage fetish (@RitaBonavita) March 27, 2017



Is that Alexander skarsgard’s real dick?
— Jungshook (@swanye_west) March 27, 2017



I'm still shook from Alexander Skarsgard's prosthetic happy monday
— Ian Zelaya (@IanDavidZelaya) March 27, 2017

FROM COINAGE: The Most Expensive TV Shows of All Time

But this isn’t the first time Skarsgård has undressed for HBO. In 2013, he got tongues wagging during a scene in the True Blood series finale when his character, Eric Northman, caught up on his reading au naturel amid a snowy Swedish landscape.
And the cable network is on somewhat of a streak itself, with Matthew Rhys bringing the goods during a water cooler-worthy episode of Girls late last month. And the truth is out about privates from that part: Rhys explicitly stated he was packing a prosthetic.
Speaking with Vulture, Kidman admitted that she felt emotionally and physically drained after filming both fight and sex scenes on the series. “Afterward, I would just be quiet. I would go home and be quiet. After we shot some of the really, really violent scenes, I was in a lot of pain myself. My body was. It was very strange. It was very uncomfortable. It wasn’t a good feeling, I have to say. But women go through this, so I wanted to tap into the truth of it, and I wanted to be real in those scenes, so that’s what it required — an element of violence.”
Big Little Lies airs Sundays (9 p.m. ET) on HBO.
/n