Here’s Everything We Know So Far About Netflix’s ‘Gilmore Girls’ Revival/n





                    And Now, 40 'Gilmore Girls' GIFs
                







(Because You Deserve It)

 MORE >>





Gilmore Girls fans, our return to beloved Stars Hollow is near!

After months of rumors and speculation (beginning with an epic reunion at the ATX Television Festival last June), it was finally officially confirmed that Netflix would be reviving Gilmore Girls on Jan. 29.
Filming for the revival is now underway, so here’s everything we know so far about plot lines, characters, OTP’s (Rory and Jess?! Lorelai and Luke?!), and of course production matters in general.



From Stars Hollow to Hartford to New Haven to Netflix. Welcome back, girls. An all new season of Gilmore Girls coming to Netflix in 2016.
A photo posted by Netflix US (@netflix) on Jan 29, 2016 at 2:00pm PST



1. There will be four 90-minute episodes.
Each of the four installments will represent a different season (Winter, Spring, Summer and Fall) over the course of one calendar year. Showrunner Amy Sherman-Palladino hopes that Netflix won’t be releasing the installments all at once.
2. The episodes will be taking place in real time.
Since we last saw the group at Rory’s graduation from Yale in 2007, that means the first episode will be taking place roughly eight years later.


Here’s the Cast of Netflix’s Gilmore Girls Revival	








































24 Photos »


3. These are the original cast members confirmed to be returning for the reboot.

Lauren Graham – Lorelai Gilmore
Alexis Bledel – Rory Gilmore
Kelly Bishop – Emily Gilmore
Scott Patterson – Luke Danes
Milo Ventimiglia – Jess Mariano
Matt Czuchry – Logan Huntzberger
Keiko Agena – Lane Kim
Jared Padalecki – Dean Forester
Sean Gunn – Kirk Gleason
David Sutcliffe – Christopher Hayden
Liza Weil – Paris Geller
Yanic Truesdale – Michel Gerard
Danny Strong – Doyle McMaster
Liz Torres – Miss Patty
Michael Winters – Taylor
Emily Kuroda – Mrs. Kim
Vanessa Marano – April Nardini
Rose Abdoo – Gypsy
Sally Struthers – Babette
Mike Gandolfi – Andrew
Tanc Sade – Finn


I CAN NOW CONFIRM: it’s time for me, and this jacket I stole in 2007, to return to work.@netflix #GilmoreGirls pic.twitter.com/tBb07J9oO1
— Lauren Graham (@thelaurengraham) January 29, 2016


And so it begins. Again. #GilmoreGirls pic.twitter.com/fIoFpt0pae — Liza Weil (@liza_weil) February 11, 2016


First day back at the Inn with my old boss. Fun times! #GilmoreGirlsRevival #WarnerBros pic.twitter.com/sxprUKdLyk — Yanic Truesdale (@YanicTruesdale) February 6, 2016


Luke’s Diner open for business! #LukeDanes pic.twitter.com/FA0Ui9jqDn — Scott G. Patterson (@ScottGPatterson) January 30, 2016


4. R.I.P. Edward Herrmann, aka Richard Gilmore. :(
Everyone’s favorite grandfather, Richard Gilmore, will sadly not be appearing in the reboot, as Edward Herrmann passed away on December 31, 2014. Sherman-Palladino told TV Line, “Ed’s dying was so f—ed up. It was unexpected. He didn’t really let anyone know he was sick. He was a very proud dude. So none of us really got to say goodbye to him. It was very hard, especially for Lauren and Alexis. He was like their other father.” Bishop, who plays a now-widowed Emily Gilmore, recently revealed how his passing affected the script to TV Line.
It’s going to be very difficult…We so miss him. We’ve missed him since we found out he had died. It’s going to be very hard doing it without him, because he and I were buds on the show. We, obviously, were older [than the rest of the cast]. But we were also New York actors, and we connected very well. We always did our crossword puzzles together in the hair-and-makeup room. That was one of our little routines. There was a comfort level…. [Sighs] It’s going to be hard without him.
As for Emily’s state of mind, Bishop explained,
Because of the fact that Emily lost her husband, she’s kind of a raw nerve. In a desperate attempt to push through [her grief], she blows between right on the edge of losing it to almost being a little manic. I recall doing something very similar when I lost my mother; I was quite devastated. I suddenly got into this mode of getting things done and getting things done right. I was manic and aggressive and pushing, pushing, pushing — because, if you stop, you’re going to cry. So you don’t stop. And I see that in Emily. [Richard] is certainly a presence, especially in that first script. And Ed’s probably going to be hovering around the set a bit and watching over us. I really do believe that. Because he really loved the show.
5. The return of Sookie St. James seems unlikely.
This is a hard one to grasp…We’re not too sure if we’ll be seeing any of Sookie in the reboot, played by actress Melissa McCarthy who’s been super busy with one box office hit after another (i.e. Spy, Bridesmaids, The Heat, upcoming Ghostbusters and much more) since the end of Gilmore Girls. Sherman-Palladino told TV Line on Feb. 1 that there’s currently no storyline for Sookie:
[Melissa McCarthy is] really f—ing busy. But the thing I have said [to her team] is, ‘Look, if Melissa is available and has an afternoon free, I’ll write her a scene. Melissa was one of us. If she has a spare moment to run over [to the set] — even if for just a cameo — we would be totally game. And if it’s a last-minute thing, I would write her in and we would figure it out. That’s the way we left it.
Her absence will apparently be explained, but we’re still not too happy with this news. Sherman-Palladino added:
It was a character we knew we could not count on in terms of story, because [Melissa] just simply wouldn’t have that sort of time to carve out for us. It simply would’ve been impossible. Planning around her crazypants schedule and her movies and her this and her that and Ghostbusters… I would just be sobbing in a corner for six months. That would be my whole life. But if her people called me up and said she’s free on these particular days or would love to drop by and just be in one scene, we would put her right in.
However, presumably after seeing the reports of Sherman-Palladino saying she was too busy, McCarthy came out and tweeted:
Thanks for the invite, but sadly no one asked me or Sookie to come back to Stars Hollow. Wish them all the best!! https://t.co/II2Atug4wx
— Melissa McCarthy (@melissamccarthy) February 2, 2016
Shade…? Regardless, we’re hoping things change and that she gets to appear in at least one scene. This also means that basically every main and/or minor original character, with the exception of Sookie, will be returning.
6. New faces!
Sutton Foster, of Younger fame, is the first confirmed member of the revival’s cast who was not a part of the original series. She previously worked with Sherman-Palladino as the star of Bunheads.
7. OTPs: Rory is single.
Let’s begin with Rory. Right now, out of Rory’s three lovers, we know that all three of them – Matt Czuchry’s Logan, Milo Ventimiglia’s Jess (!!), and Jared Padalecki’s Dean – will be making appearances. Since we’re going to assume that everyone here is Team Jess (because duh), this means there’s hope for Jess and Rory after all. A Logan and Rory reunion would be unsurprising, I guess, but we’d nevertheless still be rooting for her and Jess.


via GIPHY



What a great time to get back on set with some friends. #JessIsBack @warnerbrostv @netflix. MV pic.twitter.com/VQAt2Lrumr — Milo Ventimiglia (@MiloVentimiglia) February 10, 2016


As for Dean, we didn’t really care if he’d be in it or not, just as long as he and Rory have remained exes…
Sherman-Palladino had this to say about the return of Rory’s men:
Our plan is to get as many of the lovely men back as possible. We’ve also had certain storylines we had to [tweak] because, apparently, there are still budgetary restrictions in Hollywood. I don’t understand that. I sort of feel like, ‘This is the story I want to tell, and somebody should just pay for it.’ …So, certain storylines — one of which involved one of the boys — had been taken out of our hands. We’re still dealing with who’s going to be in it. We definitely want to see them. And we have storylines planned. I just need someone to tell me they’re going to show up.
Congrats on succeeding. That being said, Rory is “single in the sense that she’s not married. But she’s dating like any young woman with that face would be.”
8. OTPs: Lorelai and Luke forever?
Now, on to Lorelai. She and Luke ended on okay terms at the culmination of Season 7. Graham herself said at the ATX Television Festival back in June that she hopes Lorelai and Luke are together. “It didn’t, for me, end in a satisfying way. It didn’t really end. It didn’t resolve satisfactorily…I think they’re together, 100 percent,” she commented.
When asked by a young fan whether or not she thinks they tied the knot, Graham confirmed, “I think they probably did.”
And let’s hopefully just keep Christopher, Rory’s dad, out of the way once and for all in light of the news that David Sutcliffe will be making an appearance.
9. Original Gilmore Girls writers-producers-directors Amy Sherman-Palladino and Daniel Palladino are returning, at last. 
This point is particularly important because Amy and Daniel did not take part in Season 7, the last, controversial season of Gilmore Girls back in 2006 – 2007. Sherman-Palladino, who knew how she would have liked to end the series ahead of time, stepped down from her role just before the 7th Season due to contract negotiation disagreements with the WB. That basically means she had nothing to do with what happened between Lorelai and Christopher, Lorelai and Luke, Rory and Logan, et cetera in that last season, thus rendering the real fates of the characters up in the air.
But that doesn’t mean the Season 7 plot lines and repercussions will cease to exist. Sherman-Palladino commented to TV Line,
We weren’t going to take something and do it even though Season 7 negated it. That wasn’t going to happen. I wasn’t going to say to the fans who stayed through Season 7, “Hey, you all wasted your f—ing time for a whole season. So, ignore all that!” We had to pick them up where they left off. Luckily, the elements that we really wanted to play were not taken or destroyed by whatever they did in Season 7. So it actually worked out quite nicely.
According to TV Line, Amy and Dan will also be splitting the directing duties.
10. The biggest Gilmore Girls mystery of all will finally be revealed: We’ll finally learn what those final four words are.
In a 2006 interview with TV writer Michael Ausiello just before the 7th season aired, Sherman-Palladino explained that she knew what the last four words of the series would be. However, as we know, she wasn’t involved with the last season. Nevertheless, she did not reveal what the final four words were to her successors, and so those notorious (unknown) last words have been surrounded by a cloud of mystery ever since.
The Huffington Post notes that Ausiello tried to pry the words out of Sherman-Palladino again in 2009 and in 2012. She said in the latter interview,
“For the rest of my life you’re going to be asking me that. I am going to tell you. I am going to tell you. It’s not going to be today, but I am going to tell you. And I’m only going to tell you.”
11. We may or may not be hearing curse words, now that the show is on Netflix and not the WB.
“We’re debating that still,” Sherman-Palladino commented. “The weird thing about Gilmore is… you’ve lived a life with these people and there is a language to them. And the minute that somebody steps out of that it just feels weird…”
12. Premiere date.
As of right now, a premiere date for the series has not yet been determined.
/n