Sean Spicer Orders Veteran White House Reporter 'Stop Shaking Your Head' In Tense, Awkward Exchange — Watch!/n

Things got extra spicy at Tuesday's White House press briefing!
We all know Sean Spicer has a challenging job of making the toxic sludge factory that is Donald Trump's administration look proficient, but it's clear homeboy is struggling to keep his cool.
This was evidenced by an irritable exchange between the Press Secretary and a veteran journalist on Tuesday, which ended with him telling her to "stop shaking your head."
Related: Bill O'Reilly Apologizes For Joking Rep. Maxine Waters Wore A 'James Brown Wig'
April Ryan, the Washington bureau chief for American Urban Radio Networks, asked Spicer how the White House plans to "revamp its image" after two months of divisive policies and persistent reports of Trump's connection to Russia.
Unfortunately, the word "Russia" triggered old Spicey like a Soviet sleeper agent, launching him into full-on defensive jerkwad mode.
Spicer interrupted Ryan's question to unleash a cued-up tirade, barking: 

"I've said it from the day that I got here until whatever that there is no connection. You've got Russia. If the President puts Russian salad dressing on his salad tonight, somehow that's a Russian connection."
As Ryan pushed back to finish her question, Spicer became more irritated and defensive, continuing:

"At some point, report the facts. The facts are that every single person who has been briefed on this subject has come away with the same conclusion – Republican, Democrat. So I'm sorry that that disgusts you. You're shaking your head."
The testy exchange continued, with Spicer once again ordering Ryan to "stop shaking your head again."
Photos: Sean Held A Press Conference With Food In His Teeth
Watch the uncomfortable moment (below):


If you want to know why @AprilDRyan just tweeted "Lawd!!!!" — this is why. Watch the whole thing. pic.twitter.com/qIfXznVKL8
— Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) March 28, 2017

The worst part is, Ryan says she wasn't even shaking her head. The White House press corps vet of 20 years told People:

"I dropped my head. I was listening to him and thinking of my follow-up question…The bottom line is this: Sean Spicer is doing his job spinning or presenting the facts for the president. And I'm a reporter. Sometimes we knock heads. But this is not new. This day is new, but this is not new."
Ryan even sympathized with the Press Secretary, adding:

"I guess it's hard up there for [Spicer]. I'm trying to put myself in his position. I know how I feel. For him, it must be hard to stand up there and be fielding questions that are valid and try to come up with real answers when the answers aren't in your boss's favor."
However, we think her Twitter reaction posted after the interaction sums it up best:

Lawd!!!!
— AprilDRyan (@AprilDRyan) March 28, 2017
We're right there with you! And so were other Twitics who reacted to the press briefing blunder:

"April Ryan" "stop shacking your head". The remnants of "Jim Crow" and the audacity of the "White Male Ego." This is down right disgraceful
— Jamel Dorsett (@Dorsett1) March 28, 2017


Sean Spicer is rude to everyone, but it's difficult to imagine him speaking to a white, male reporter the way he spoke to April Ryan today.
— Olivia Nuzzi (@Olivianuzzi) March 28, 2017


"Stop shaking your head" - @seanspicer to April Ryan.
Headshaking is EXACTLY the expected response to these briefings.
— jay cowit (@jaycowit) March 28, 2017


April Ryan is a hero for simply doing her job under this coup-installed administration with its propaganda psyops & emboldened brown shirts
— Andrea Chalupa (@AndreaChalupa) March 28, 2017


Sally Yates, April Ryan, and Maxine Waters continue to prove that women are leading us in #TheResistance. Let's show em some support!
— Luisa Haynes (@wokeluisa) March 28, 2017


Zero coincidence that Maxine Waters & April Ryan were entirely dismissed by O'Reilly & Spicer
The GOP does not value black women
Period.
— Cameron Esposito (@cameronesposito) March 28, 2017

Sally Yates firing,
Elizabeth Warren persisting,
Angela Merkel no-shake,
April Ryan HEAD SHAKE?
trump White House is SCARED of strong women. pic.twitter.com/LzyrfU2PxE
— BrooklynDad_Defiant! (@mmpadellan) March 28, 2017

.@AprilDRyan Every time you have to deal with that disrespectful clown please know millions of us are inspired by your grace.
— Amanda Guinzburg (@Guinz) March 28, 2017


@AprilDRyan You held tight, & I've no idea how. #goddess
— Julia Murney (@JuliaMurney) March 28, 2017
Lawd is right!!!!
[Image via Twitter.]
/n