Summer Movies 2015: 20 Movies to See in August/n





                    Summer Movies 2015
                







20 Movies to See This July

 MORE >>





It’s that time of the summer again when we assist all of you who are seeking entertainment that comes with free cold, air conditioned shelter from the sweltering heat outside. Here are the best movies coming out in the month of August.

Judging by these various flicks, making several visits to your local movie theater will be not only worth it, but necessary. In our last summer month, we’ve got major blockbusters like Fantastic Four (August 7, 2015), must-see indies including Ricki and the Flash (August 7, 2015) starring Meryl Streep, and another Kristen Stewart/Jesse Eisenberg comedy American Ultra (August 21, 2015).


Summer Movies 2015: 20 Movies to See in August 








































20 Photos »


And now, the hottest movies to see in August:
Fantastic Four stars a new generation of Marvel original superheroes: Miles Teller, Kate Mara, Michael B. Jordan and Jamie Bell as Mr. Fantastic, the Invisible Woman, the Human Torch and the Thing, respectively. Because he’s playing a hulking hero made of stone, the Thing, we’re sad we won’t be seeing Bell’s face for the entirety of the film, but nevertheless looking forward to watching this re-imagined version. Based after the beloved comic book series, the film is also a reboot to the 2005 movie of the same name, starring Ioan Gruffudd, Jessica Alba, Chris Evans and Michael Chiklis.

Meryl Streep looks freaking amazing in Ricki and the Flash as a musician trying to reconnect with her family after chasing her dreams of being a rock ‘n’ roll star for most of her life. Playing her daughter going through a break is her real-life daughter, the beautiful Mamie Gummer, meaning this one is gonna have all the feels.

American Ultra stars our favorite, Kristen Stewart, alongside Jesse Eisenberg once again (they co-starred in 2009’s comedy Adventureland). Eisenberg plays a stoner “sleeper” agent Mike who just wants to live happily ever after with his girlfriend, Stewart.

In the coming-to-age film The Diary of the Teenage Girl (August 7, 2015) Bel Powley plays a 15-year-old school girl who becomes obsessed with sex/sexuality after losing her virginity to her mom’s (Kristen Wiig) 35-year-old boyfriend (Alexander Skarsgard). The film is based on Phoebe Gloeckner’s 2002 graphic novel of the same name, and takes place in San Francisco in 1976. Powley recently spoke out against critics bashing the film for what they consider has pedophilic tendencies:
“Obviously we’re not trying to promote an under-age girl sleeping with a man 20- years her senior. The story isn’t about that relationship. It’s about Minnie’s coming of age, about her discovering her sexuality,” she told The Telegraph.  “Growing up, all I would see in movies was either the virginal princess waiting for her Prince Charming; the slut who slept with loads of people then got punished for it; or the asexual, geeky, sarcastic girl. I remember watching those films and thinking, ‘I’m not like that. Does that make me a freak?’



Summer Movies 2015: 20 Movies to See in June	








































20 Photos »


Ten Thousand Saints (August 14, 2015) is another coming-of-age film about three teenagers in 1987 New York City starring Hailee Steinfeld, Asa Butterfield, Avan Jogia, Ethan Hawke, and Emile Hirsch.

Y’all remember the David Fincher-directed film Gone Girl? Cuz’ another one of Gillian Flynn’s psychological thriller books, Dark Places (2009), has been turned into a film, and you know what that means: one intense mystery-based story lies ahead.
In the film of the same name, the beautiful Charlize Theron stars as a survivor of a Kansas massacre, believed to be a Satanic cult ritual that took the life of her mother and sister. Orphaned at 8, she testified against her brother. Twenty-five years after the murders, the “Kill Club,” a group of amateur sleuths, start investigating the case with the belief that her brother is innocent.

Henry Cavill and Armie Hammer are the studly stars of the spy action comedy-flick The Man from U.N.C.L.E. (August 14, 2015), based upon the beloved 1960s TV show of the same name. Set in the early 1960s period of the Cold War, United Network Command for Law and Enforcement agents CIA agent Napoleon Solo and KGB agent Illya Kuryakin team up against an international criminal organization.

Jemaine Clement charms as a newly single father searching for happiness after he finds his girlfriend (Stephanie Allyne, who, by the way, is comedian Tig Notaro’s fiancée IRL) in bed with another fella. Encouraged by a student to pursue new people, places, and things, People Places Things (August 14, 2015) embraces the complexities of moving on, growing up, and letting go; i.e. all that life has to offer, for better or for worse.

Grandma (August 21, 2015) stars Lily Tomlin in her first leading role in twenty seven years. Tomlin plays Ellie, “a lesbian poet coping with the recent death of her longterm life partner” who embarks on a road trip with her granddaughter (Julia Garner), who is 18 and pregnant. Laverne Cox plays a tattoo artist, Nat Wolff plays the boyfriend; also starring Marcia Gay Harden, Judy Greer and Elizabeth Pena (RIP).

In Digging for Fire (August 21, 2015), hottie Orlando Bloom and hottie Brie Larson come together in one film. Okay really, it stars Jake Johnson and Rosemarie DeWitt as a husband and wife who discover a gun and a bone in their Hollywood hills backyard, and pursue separate adventures for a weekend.

In We Are Your Friends, Zac Efron plays a 23-year-old DJ trying to break into the EDM scene. Enough said.



Summer Movies 2015: 20 Movies to See in July	








































20 Photos »


Margot Robbie plays Ann, a woman who believes she’s the last person on Earth after a nuclear war; that is, until a scientist exposed to radiation (and going mad) shows up (Chiwetel Ejiofor). When a third stranger (Chris Pine) stumbles upon them, it creates a post-apocalyptic, suspenseful love triangle between perhaps the last three people alive – in other words, the stakes are high, and the world is freaky.

Check out the 20 movies to see in July, and the 20 movies to see in June.
/n