Lesbian Scandal Explodes! Kandi Reveals Sordid Details Of Porsha's Seduction/n
As The Real Housewives of Atlanta fans know, Porsha Williams has been spreading scandalous rumors about costar Kandi Burruss‘ sex life all season — but on last night’s episode of the Bravo hit, the mother of two got her revenge!
Way back in November, RadarOnline.com exclusively revealed that Burruss, 40, kept secret texts proving Williams, 35, propositioned her and husband Todd Tucker for sex at an Atlanta nightclub in August 2014. And now, the Bedroom Kandi CEO finally spilled the tea on what really went down that night.
“She was in front of me. He was behind me, and she kissed me,” she told her staff. “There was tongue, and then she told me she wanted to eat my p***y until I came!”
PHOTOS: Crying, Screaming & More! The Nastiest ‘Housewives’ Fights Ever Exposed
“We all know that Porsha gets down with girls. I know it. She’s knows it. She knows I know it!”
Later on, Burruss confronted Williams in a very, very uncomfortable lunch date.
The single divorcee vehemently denied the club seduction, and brought even more accusations back on her frenemy.
I’m not out here telling your business, but if you want to go there, Kandi, it is what it is,” she screamed. “Because if I’m single and that’s what I choose to do, but if I’m married and I choose to bring other women in my bed and flip flop them like pancakes, that’s something totally different.”
PHOTOS: Gone With The Wind Hot Mess? Kenya Moore’s 13 Wildest Secrets & Scandals Revealed
Burruss did admit to having had one threesome with Tucker in the past — but says that’s as far as her freak flag flies.
In a shocking last twist, Williams went on to accuse Tucker of cheating on Burruss with other women on the sly.
“You like the fact that your husband has other chicks that he goes with in different states?” Williams asked in a rage. “As a matter a fact, why don’t you call Todd and ask him about what he just told a girl in New York this past weekend. Telling her his name is Marvin so he can cheat. Marvin — his alias. That’s what you need to worry about.”
Keep reading Radar for the latest on the Bravo stars’ epic feud.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n