The Hills Alum Jason Wahler and Wife Ashley Welcome Daughter Delilah Ray
/n
The Hills’ star Jason Wahler and his wife Ashley are parents!
The couple welcomed their first child, daughter Delilah Ray Wahler, on Monday, Aug. 21, at 8:16 a.m. in Newport Beach, California, Ashley announced Wednesday on Instagram.
“A love like no other,” she captioned a snap of her sleeping newborn, who weighed in at 7 lbs., 12 oz.
“We are so unbelievably in love!” the new parents told Entertainment Tonight. “We are so excited to start this new chapter of our lives and never thought we could love someone so much.”
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.





 A love like no other!  Welcome to the world  Delilah Ray Wahler Born on Aug 21st at 8:16am  7lb 12oz  #eclipsebaby #perfection #cantgetenoughofher #augustbaby2017 #babygirl #happybirthday
A post shared by Ashley (Slack) Wahler (@ashleywahler) on Aug 23, 2017 at 7:48am PDT







 Ash, I and the nugget!
A post shared by Jason Wahler (@jasonwahler) on Jul 8, 2017 at 10:41am PDT


RELATED VIDEO: Meet Lauren Conrad’s Baby Son Liam: “I’d Always Wanted a Boy”

The pair confirmed they were expecting in February, as other costars from The Hills, including Whitney Port and Lauren Conrad, were announcing their own baby news. Conrad welcomed her son Liam James in July, and Port welcomed her son Sonny Sanford later that same month.
In an Instagram video posted to Wahler’s account in March, the couple revealed they were expecting a girl.





 The second half of of the video…. So grateful for all the love and support.
A post shared by Jason Wahler (@jasonwahler) on Mar 6, 2017 at 9:34am PST







 Such an amazing time yesterday with my beautiful wife, celebrating Father's Day and my sister's 40th birthday!
A post shared by Jason Wahler (@jasonwahler) on Jun 19, 2017 at 6:54pm PDT


FROM PEN: Vanessa Grimaldi Talks About Her First Impression of Fiance Nick Viall

In the clip, Jason and Ashley stand in front of friends with a giant black balloon.
“Okay, raise of hands, who thought it was a girl?” Ashley asks before the reveal, with a few people in the crowd raising their hands. She then asked who was expecting a boy, with many guests in the crowd raising their hands.
RELATED GALLERY: The Hills Are Alive … with Babies! Lauren Conrad Welcomes Liam, Plus More Former Stars Who Are Expecting
The couple married in 2013 in front of family and friends at the Calamigos Ranch in Malibu, California. The former MTV star proposed in November 2012.
/n