Dolly Parton Enjoyed Steamy Lesbian Romance With Childhood Pal, New Book Claims/n
Dolly Parton‘s childless, 50-year marriage to Carl Dean is a cover for her steamy lesbian romance with childhood pal Judy Ogle, according to claims in a new book!
That’s the explosive revelation from author Robert Randolph in his book Doctors to the Stars, which delves into the 70-year-old country queen’s long-rumored gay lifestyle and why she’s desperate to hide it.
Randolph claimed Michael Jackson‘s late dermatologist Dr. Arnold Klein said Parton and Ogle visited him and “made no bones about being in love with each other.”
But the doc also believed the songbird “would just as soon die before she would ever ‘come out,'” fearing it would drive away her fans, Randolph wrote.
PHOTOS: Dolly Parton Lists West Hollywood Crash Pad For $1,395,000
“She loves her career more than her girlfriend, and coming out is just not an option Dolly sees for herself,” Klein, who died in October 2015, told the writer.
“Dolly is open with her friends about being gay — just not with her fans.”
Klein also “felt it was a disgrace how she has lied to the entire world” about “her fake marriage,” noted Randolph.
Parton has been married to Dean since 1966, but the couple is rarely seen together despite celebrating their 50th wedding anniversary this year.
PHOTOS: Michael Jackson’s Secret Pain: Never-Before-Seen Drawings Illustrate Anxiety, Depression & Insecurity, Art Therapist Claims
Oddly, Ogle moved into Parton and Dean’s home immediately after they married and has been at the singer’s side ever since.
When Parton needed a hysterectomy several years ago, Ogle — not Dean — was by her bedside.
“Carl didn’t even know I was in the hospital,” Parton said after the operation.
Still, Parton denies rumors she is gay. But she has admitted to being super close with Ogle and even sharing the same bed — although innocently.
PHOTOS: A ‘B***h’ & A ‘Bigot!’ Michael Jackson’s Doc Reveals The Star’s Secret Celebrity Feuds
“I am closer to Judy than I am to Carl,” she confessed. “We have slept together since we were kids.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n