Return Of The Semen Stained Dress! Bill's 'Secret Son' Begs Lewinsky For DNA Sample/n
Bill Clinton‘s alleged lovechild is asking Monica Lewinsky to allow him to conduct DNA testing on the notorious stain on her blue Gap dress!
Arkansas construction worker Danney Lee Williams Jr., 30, told Radar in an exclusive interview that he believes the dress is the vital clue to his bombshell claim that he’s Clinton’s son by an Africa-American prostitute!
Lewinsky, now 43, testified the stain resulted from a sex act that she performed on Clinton at the White House on February 28, 1997 and FBI documents confirmed it was a perfect match for the Cheater-in-Chief’s DNA.
PHOTOS: Kiddie Porn, Sex Toys & Worse: Clinton Pal Jeffrey Epstein’s Pedophile Palace Revealed
Father-of-five Williams told Radar: “I done my homework and I saw they returned the dress to her after the tests and I thought why not ask her for it. I’m praying on it that she will make this happen for me. I’m sure [the Clintons] hurt her as they hurt me.”
“I believe Hillary told my dad I would ruin her chances of being in the White House,” continued Williams. “I feel she cut him off from being in my life, but this isn’t political.”
Instead, Williams called the quest to reveal if Clinton is his father a “personal” mission that’s important to him.
PHOTOS: Obama’s Half-Brother SLAMS System & Supports Trump After Hillary Clinton Email Leak
“I have been told my entire life that I am President Clinton’s biological son and I want my kids to know their grandfather,” he said.
Radar has been given a copy of a letter Williams has written to Lewinsky, which his representatives said would also be announced at a Washington DC press conference and faxed to her New York lawyer.
READ DANNEY LEE WILLIAMS’ LETTER TO MONICA LEWINSKY
The letter claims he has been stonewalled by the Clintons in his request for the ex-president to voluntarily provide him with a blood sample.
“Now I face the prospect of a long drawn-out paternity lawsuit in the State of Arkansas which lawyers tell me could cost hundreds of thousands of dollars and years of litigation,” wrote Williams. “I am not a rich person and would have [to] try to raise the mountain of money needed to pay for the lawsuit.”
“I respectfully request you provide the sample of genetic matter we require so that we may match it with my own sample,” he added.
Williams’ mother has claimed Clinton paid her for sex during clandestine encounters at a secluded Hot Springs, Ark., home. He provided Radar with photos that a top legal team he has assembled claims show he inherited Bill’s nose, chin line and other physical characteristics.
PHOTOS: Revenge! Donald Trump Fighting Back Against Hillary Clinton’s Smear Campaign
“I have many compelling reasons beyond my mere physical resemblance to my father to believe this is the truth including the insistence of my mother Bobbi Ann Williams and my aunts Lucille Bolton and Shirley Howard who helped raise me. [Then-] Governor Clinton provided cash support for me when I was a boy as well as having Arkansas State Troopers deliver Christmas presents to our home each year,” the letter read.
“I hand delivered letters I wrote to my father, our 37th President, [to] the nice lady at the desk at the Clinton Library. I also mailed letters and pictures of his grandchildren to him in Washington, but he never answered,” noted Williams. “When I sent him a direct message on his Facebook page he (or someone who worked him) blocked me…There is solid evidence that it was Hillary who cut me off from my biological father.”
Hillary Clinton’s top staffers held a secret conference call to craft a plan to deal with Bill’s busty blonde mistress, the notorious “Energizer …
“Hillary literally slammed the door in my Aunt Lucille’s face when she took me to the Governor’s Mansion to demand the Clinton’s [sic] acknowledge me,” wrote Williams to Lewinsky. “I was not surprised to learn that Hillary called you a ‘stalker’ and much, much worse. We have both been abused by Hillary Clinton. I call out to you for your help.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n