 Out Of Control! Honey Boo Boo Reportedly ‘Struck’ Mama June While Taping ‘The Tonight.../n
From a toddler with a tiara to a national icon, Honey Boo Boo has skyrocketed to fame but her “precocious” behavior crossed the line recently when she hit her mom while filming The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon.
Alana Thompson, now 9, and Mama June Shannon were guests on the NBC late night talk show and according to an audience member her atrocious actions were cut from the final broadcast, leaving out her “hostile” reaction to Fallon and when she “struck” her mother.
“But the most notable moment to be left out of Honey Boo Boo’s appearance on “The Tonight Show” was when she became so fed up that she actually struck Mama June,” Salon.com contributor Christy O’Shoney wrote.
PHOTOS: Here Comes…24 Honey Boo Boo Secrets & Scandals!
Honey Boo Boo’s less than charming behavior was swiftly rebuked by Fallon, a new dad to daughter Winnie, who tried to balance his reaction with the right touch of humor.
“Up until this point, Fallon had been doing a great job of navigating Alana’s weird behavior, but it was at this moment when he became positively awesome. ‘NEVER hit your mother!’ he exclaimed, in a voice that was serious with just a hint of a joke, and the studio audience erupted in applause. Finally, we thought, someone is addressing this child’s attitude,” O’Shoney described.
While fans “redneckognize” the Here Comes Honey Boo Boo star for her go-go juice drinking, farting, and all around silly situations, the article claimed that during her appearance she became “more openly hostile” to Fallon.
PHOTOS: Fraud, Feuds & Fights — 27 Reality Stars Who Are Out Of Control
[hulu id=fkah3q0gpo_yfpmb15-w7g width=512]
“For example, the friendship bracelet moment seems cute and quick on TV, but in person, it was actually kind of agonizing. It didn’t just happen once, but several times, and the more it was discussed, the more openly hostile Boo Boo became. And in addition to the friendship bracelet crisis, the episode left out some deeply uncomfortable spats between Mama June and Alana. You see it a bit in the broadcast, but Mama June was continually either answering questions on behalf of Boo Boo or mumbling answers to her.”
Describing the awkward situation, the reality show star was painted as just a puppet of her mother.
PHOTOS: Faked Scenes, Lies & Payoffs! What’s Real & What’s Fake On TV’s Hottest Reality Shows
“The quick wit we’ve come to expect from Honey Boo Boo was nowhere to be seen, but instead it was fed to her by her pageant mom,” the website claimed.
What do you think about Honey Boo Boo’s antics? Sound off in comments below! /n