 two writers from the mega-successful show, to pen another movie drama—this time in feature length form. The flick will tell the story of the late Sylvia Robinson, co-founder of Sugar Hill Records and widely known as the "mother of hip-.../n
Our prayers have been answered: We're finally getting even more Empire in our lives.Well, sort of.It seems that Warner Brothers has tapped Carlito Rodriguez and Malcolm Spellman, two writers from the mega-successful show, to pen another movie drama—this time in feature length form. The flick will tell the story of the late Sylvia Robinson, co-founder of Sugar Hill Records and widely known as the "mother of hip-hop." She was one of the few female figures in a male-dominated world, and is credited with one of the first songs to hit "mainstream."In other words, it's basically going to be Empire, the movie. At least that's what we're hoping for. Rodriguez and Spellman are just getting to work on the script, but we've got a bit of a wish list as far as nods to our current favorite show. It just wouldn't be right if two Empire writers made a music movie and didn't put in any references to the Lyon family, right? Here are just a few things we'd like to see.

1. Perfectly-cast star cameos. Actually, if Courtney Love could just reprise her Empire role, that would be great.

2. Characters with no anger management whatsoever. If our blood pressure isn't heart attack-level, we'll be disappointed. 

3. Lots and lots of sex. Why else are we here?

4. Seriously, so much sex. 

5. Genius use of youth slang. Because a 45-year-old man would totally know THOT, right?

6. Drunken escapades. "Take these cookies" should win an Oscar. 

7. Super conservative wardrobe choices. The people in this movie are going to be just as classy as the Lyons.

8. Characters we're legitimately terrified of. Anika actually haunts most of our dreams.

9. A few throwback jokes for those of us not born in the 2000s.

10. All the one-liners, ever. Let's hope this movie script borrows from the Cookie Lyon School of Dialogue.

11. Topical and newsy references. We want to be entertained and informed of the latest worldly developments.

12. Girl fights. But that's a given, right?
/n