coordinated and both from notable horror films, but not totally matchy matchy. The duo attended Kate Hudson's big star-studded bash. Fergie went as Elvira and rocked a revealing long black dress with a high slit, which flaunted her post.../n
Fergie and Josh Duhamel sure love Halloween.The new parents left baby Axl Jack at home, and dressed up not once, but twice to revel in the spooky holiday this weekend.For their first costume, the Black Eyed Peas singer and the Safe Haven actor decided to commemorate Halloween and The Day of the Dead (or Dia De Muertos) together.Celebrating the festitivites a few days early, the duo used the Mexican tradition (as well as honoring Fergie's heritage) as their inspiration and donned lots of intricate skull-like makeup on Friday, Oct. 25. The new mama sported a black dress with plenty of cleavage and wore a red flower headdress while her hubby wore a sombrero and a black and white jumpsuit featuring (what else) bones."Hasta la muerte," Duhamel captioned a pic of the duo, which means "until death." Freaky!



AKM-GSI

The disguises for night No. 2 on Saturday, Oct. 26, were well coordinated and both from notable horror films, but not totally matchy matchy. The duo attended Kate Hudson's big star-studded bash.Fergie went as Elvira and rocked a revealing long black dress with a high slit, which flaunted her post-baby body to perfection. She completed the look with the notable character's hairdo, a long bouffant-style black wig, and bright red lips.Duhamel was Riff Raff from The Rocky Horror Picture Show, wearing a seemingly normal black costume tuxedo. He applied plenty of white makeup and a longhaired blond balding wig to portray the frightening role in the cult classic.

Fergie shared a cute snapshot with Duhamel on Instagram with the message, "Happy Halloween. #Halloween #Elvira #RiffRaff."Will there be a third appearance in interesting costumes in the not-so-distant future for this fun couple? Halloween is a few days away after all.
/n