From Big House To Reality TV House? OJ Simpson Might Join 'Celebrity Big Brother'/n
Could more confinement be in store for O.J. Simpson if he is released from prison this fall?
According to the U.K. publication The Mirror, Simpson might be joining Britain’s Celebrity Big Brother in a controversial “get” for the popular reality show in which stars live together for the cameras.
As Radar has reported, Simpson is reportedly set to walk free  from prison on October 3, exactly nine years into his 33-year sentence.
The former football legend, 69–who was acquitted in 1995 of the brutal stabbing murders of his ex-wife Nicole Brown and her friend Ron Goldman–was convicted in 2008 on armed robbery and other charges. Simpson was sentenced to 33 years imprisonment, with a minimum of nine years without parole at the Lovelock Correctional Center in Lovelock, Nevada.
PHOTOS: TV Show Of The Century? It’s Selma Blair As Kris Jenner, David Schwimmer As Robert Kardashian & More On Set For ‘American Crime Story: The People V. OJ Simpson’
A parole board, which is scheduled to meet the week of July 3, just before Simpson’s 70th birthday, is expected to recommend his release, based on good behavior, according to a recent report.
According to experts, the board could vote to release the fallen sports star at the earliest possible date of October 3.
And incredibly, networks are already fighting to get Simpson to appear on a reality show, as Radar has reported.
Now, the Daily Star Online reports, bosses for the Channel 5 reality show Celebrity Big Brother are eager to sign the reviled ex-athlete up for a future edition once he’s out of prison. Producers will apparently take the risk of angering some viewers in exchange for massive ratings over the controversy that would ensue. The British show has often featured American stars.
PHOTOS: Cuba Gooding Channels O.J. Simpson On ‘American Crime Story’ Set In L.A. –– 10 New Shocking Shots From Filming
It could capitalize on renewed interest in Simpson. A TV drama about Simpson’s murder trial, which starred John Travolta, David Schwimmer and Cuba Gooding Jr., garnered big ratings and many awards.
And the TV documentary OJ: Made In America was also heralded.
Simpson was cleared of murder after his nine-month 1995 trial, although a civil court later found him responsible for Goldman’s death.
Although a Channel 5 spokesman, who works with Celebrity Big Brother, told the Daily Star, “We don’t comment on speculation about future housemates,” sources think it could happen.
PHOTOS: O.J.’s (NSFW) Trail Of Destruction: Simpson ‘Meth’ Addicted Ex In Sex Tape Bombshell
But the former Heisman trophy winner has suffered such medical woes as diabetes and a severe bone infection while in prison, Radar has noted.
And will he be fit to be confined for the show? As Radar has reported, Simpson has had a very hard time behind bars. A source said the incarcerated athlete has lost control of his bodily functions and must wear adult diapers!
According to letters from the star’s prison buddy Vernon Nelson to Radar, fellow inmates nicknamed him “Stinky,” and refused to share a cell with him. Celebrity Big Brother, look out!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n