Jennifer Lawrence’s Nudes Hacker Sentenced to Nine Months in Prison/n





                    Nudes Leak Responses
                







Jennifer Lawrence and others respond to invasion of privacy.

 MORE >>










                    Hacker Pleads Guilty to Stealing Jennifer Lawrence's Nudes
                







Details on the legal case. 

 MORE >>





A man responsible for releasing the naked photos of at least 30 celebrities — including Jennifer Lawrence — during 2014’s so-called “The Fappening” has been sentenced to nine months in prison.

On Tuesday (Jan. 20, 2017), a federal judge ordered the incarceration of Edward Majerczyk, a father from Chicago who had worked as a customer service representative for Commonwealth Edison. The 29-year-old was also sentenced to pay $5,700 in restitution for the counseling services of one undisclosed celebrity whose photos were published online without consent.
According to his plea deal, Majerczyk used a “phishing” scheme to retrieve the private data, photos and videos of hundreds of Apple users, sending his victims emails from an iCloud address seeking usernames and passwords. Majerczyk then used the information provided to illegally access his victims’ accounts, pulling content stored in their devices.


 Jennifer Lawrence's through the years








































21 Photos »


Majerczyk’s attorney, Thomas Needham, claimed in a court filing that his client was “suffering from depression and looked to pornography websites and internet chat rooms in an attempt to fill some of the voids and disappointment he was feeling in his life.”
An FBI agent reported that Lawrence — only identified as “J.L.” during the case — broke down while being questioned by authorities over the matter, explaining that the actress was “very distraught” and had to stop the interview.
In a 2014 interview with Vanity Fair, Lawrence called the hacking a “sex crime.”
“Just because I’m a public figure, just because I’m an actress, does not mean that I asked for this. It does not mean that it comes with the territory. It’s my body, and it should be my choice, and the fact that it is not my choice is absolutely disgusting,” she said. “It is a sexual violation. It’s disgusting. The law needs to be changed, and we need to change.”


Celebrities Who Have Been Hacked








































15 Photos »


/n