Why Kourtney Kardashian Has Elton John's Shoes in her 'Cozy and Inspiring' Home Office
/n
Kourtney Kardashian can (and should) “work from home.”
The Keeping Up with the Kardashians star has already proven she has serious interior design chops. From her stylish, but not “super comfortable” living area to her whimsical sleeping spots for her and Scott Disick’s three children, Mason, 7, Penelope, 5, and Reign, 2, the eldest Kardashian sister knows how to put the right spin on a space — and her latest room reveal is no exception.
“When I started designing my home office, I really wanted a modern space that felt clean and uncluttered, but also cozy and inspiring,” Kardashian, 38, says in a new post on her app.
RELATED: You’ll Never Guess How Kourtney Kardashian Chooses Fabrics for Her Home
Courtesy Kourtney Kardashian 
 
Although her previous work space was chock-full of refreshingly inexpensive finds, her new digs are decked out with artwork, furniture and décor that has a slightly higher price tag.
“My desk is vintage Jules Leleu, which I tend to keep really clean and free of clutter!” she says. “I have a few desk accessories from Bottega Veneta, but other than that, I like the desk to be very organized so I can really focus when I’m working.”
Courtesy Kourtney Kardashian 
Woven accent chairs that are “original Pierre Jeannette from the 1950s”; a statement light fixture and Lucca Antiques floor lamp; and sentimental displays, like the platform shoes gifted to her late father Robert Kardashian from Elton John, offer up plenty of talking points. The true standout pieces, though, are Kardashian’s artworks.
WATCH THIS: HGTV’s Chip and Joanna Gaines on Their 14 Year Marriage

RELATED: Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin’s ‘Pale, Dreamy’ Loft in New York City Has Finally Sold for $10 Million
Courtesy Kourtney Kardashian 
 
“I am obsessed with Cheyenne Randall’s tattoo icon photographs — this one of Audrey Hepburn is a favorite of mine,” she says. “I also love black-and-white rock photography like this one of Mick Jagger from 1964! Over the mantel is Harry Benson’s photograph of Mia Farrow and Frank Sinatra.”
Another quirky detail Kardashian makes a truly super statement: “The Batman image is a gelatin silver print by Herb Ritts,” she says.
Fingers-crossed there’s a Batmobile in the garage.
/n