 Back On? Kathryn Dennis & Thomas Ravenel Rekindle Relationship Amid Custody Battle.../n
Kathryn Dennis finally confessed her true feelings for Thomas Ravenel on the explosive Southern Charm season finale!
Dennis, 24, and Ravenel, 54, have been at odds since their bitter breakup in 2016. They have been involved in a custody battle over Kensie, 3, and St. Julien, 1, since and are due back in court later this month in the matter.
RadarOnline.com exclusively reported that Dennis claimed Ravenel “alienated” her from their tots and allowed their nanny to call her “mother” in May of 2017, as well as alleging that he used mushrooms and cocaine in front of the babies.
Regardless, the two shared an intimate moment on-camera.
PHOTOS: ‘Southern Charm’ Shocker! Danni Rushed To Hospital During Filming
“You have kind of sexy lips,” Ravenel told Dennis in a clip obtained by Radar. “You need to wear silk.”
“Look at these spandex,” he said while grabbing her thigh.
“Oh god,” Dennis smiled while rolling her eyes. “You’re bad.”
PHOTOS: Staged Scenes, Big Lies & More! ‘Southern Charm’s Blatant Fakery Exposed
“It’s nice being back here and being with you and being able to talk to you as friends,” she said.
“I think we communicated more last night than we did the two years we were together,” Ravenel responded as Dennis nodded.
Then, he began touching her top.
Watch This Video On RadarOnline.com

“You said some things I was clueless about,” he added. “I thought you didn’t love me.”
PHOTOS: ‘Southern Charm’ Shocker! Danni Rushed To Hospital During Filming
“You’re kidding me,” Dennis responded with a shocked look on her face. “Look me in the eyes. I loved you so much and I will always love you.”
“God only knows,” Ravenel whispered in her ear. “End up in f**ng, or, like killing each other.”
The former flames were recently spotted together eating lunch, and fans were hopeful of a reconciliation.
But, their reunion was short lived.
Radar exclusively revealed that Ravenel has been dating a Los Angeles, Calif. based nurse since May 2017.
He later added on an episode of Watch What Happens Live that he would never consider marriage with Dennis, saying: “I just think, again, I’ve said this innumerable times, the age difference is so great. It’s like my preacher told me, and he was a sex therapist, ’cause he said, ‘Look, things are going great now but in 15 years, you know, how much Viagra am I gonna have to buy?’ It’s gonna get expensive.”
Stay with Radar for more.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n