 Misshapen Meg! Ryan's Shocking New Appearance Has Pals Worried She's Gone Too Far With.../n
Fresh-faced star now a Hodgepodge of surgeries, say experts Meg Ryan‘s shocking new appearance has pals and cosmetic surgeons terrified she’s gone too far!
“When Meg’s out and about in Martha’s Vineyard, where she has a home, the locals hardly recognize her,” said a concerned friend.
Meg, 53 – famous for Sleepless in Seattle and When Harry Met Sally – stars in two films set for release later this year. Determined to put her best face forward, she’s undergone multiple procedures, according to insiders.
PHOTOS: 20 Stars Who Look Plastic Fantastic!
“It’s rumored Meg had a facelift and fillers,” said a source. “Actually, it’s obvious because her forehead and the area between her eyes don’t move.”
While Meg has never publicly admitted it, experts believe she’s undergone extensive work.
“Someone erased her delightful, wholesome, girl-next-door look and replaced it with a weird caricature,” said preeminent plastic surgeon Dr. Lyle M. Back, who has not treated Meg.
PHOTOS: Senior Surgery! Stars Over 60 Who Have Gone Under The Knife
“It looks like she’s had multiple laser resurfacings, as well as way too much Botox and heavily pumped filler, especially in her overstuffed cheeks.”
Her lips also appear to have been overfilled, leaving her with a “Joker-like smile,” he said.
Dr. Otto Placik, who has not treated the star, agreed, adding: “Meg’s charm was an all-American kind of sexiness, but all this work has transformed her into something else.
PHOTOS: A-List Boob Jobs! The Good, The Bad And The Lopsided
“She’s had a lot done to her eyes, which are thinner than they once were, suggesting the lower lids have been lifted. Her nose is clearly altered.”
The multiple procedures have actually been counterproductive, according to Dr. Back. “All the laser resurfacing on her face has created a weirdly smooth sheen, making the contrast with her sagging neck more alarming,” he explained.
Dr. Back’s prescription for Meg moving forward is simple: “She needs to realize the answer is not to keep doing more, but to do a lot less.” /n