Goodbye Girls? All Four ‘Sister Wives’ Gearing Up To DUMP Fame-Hungry Hubby!/n
Sister Wives’ husband Kody Brown could soon be back on the market, as RadarOnline.com has learned all four of his wives are considering leaving him! But that’s only if he doesn’t leave them first!
According to Life & Style magazine, the wives are “frustrated with Kody’s bad behavior and thirst for fame.” They are also upset that he continues to look for new, younger women to add to his collection, and is verbally abusive and demeaning to his current spouses.
Much of the disgust started after Kody, 48, brought home wife number four, Robyn. When he added her to the clan, he officially divorced first (and legally only) wife Mari, after 24 years of marriage, to marry Robyn. He claimed the switch was so he could legally adopt Robyn’s kids.
“Christine (his third wife) says the family was ruined when Robyn arrived on the scene,” an insider said. “Janelle (wife number two) has been very loyal to her husband. But even for her there is a limit to how much of Kody’s behavior she can put up with.”
PHOTOS: Guns, Whiskey & Whips! ‘Sister Wives’ Son Gets Wild
Even Robyn, 38, is ready to pack up and leave.
“Robyn feels that Kody is no longer the man she fell in love with,” the insider added. “He has become so difficult to be around.”
But if the women want to strike first, they better act fast.
“I believe Kody is about to wipe the slate clean by divorcing all his wives,” the family insider revealed.
PHOTOS: ‘Decriminalize’ Polygamy! Kody Brown Fights For Plural Marriages
Friends believe Kody could already be lining up replacement brides, including one special lady in Montana. But she’s reportedly dragging her feet, fearing that his current wives won’t accept her, just as they resisted Robyn.
A year ago or so, friends say Kody would have been upset that the women planned to leave him. But now it could be one of the best things to happen to the TLC star.
“The divorces will be good for him, and also for ratings, as viewers watch as he starts over again.”
Would you watch Sister Wives with a new group of wives? Let us know in the comments section.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n