Kathy Griffin Dropped By Squatty Potty After Donald Trump Photo Stunt/n
In the wake of Kathy Griffin‘s tasteless beheading photo of Donald Trump, taken by controversial photographer Tyler Shields, the comedienne has already lost a major endorsement deal.
On Wednesday, Squatty Potty announced that it has cut ties with the 56-year-old.
PHOTOS: No Celeb Is Safe! Kathy Griffin Reveals Dirty Secrets About Ellen, Ashton, Taylor & More
“We were shocked and disappointed to learn about the image Ms. Griffin shared today, it was deeply inappropriate and runs contrary to the core values our company stands for,” wrote CEO Bobby Edwards in a statement. “In response, Squatty Potty has suspended its ad campaign featuring Ms. Griffin. We have acted swiftly and decisively to demonstrate our commitment to a culture of decency, civility, and tolerance.”
Meanwhile, President Trump has been speaking out against the actress himself, tweeting his disgust over Griffin’s “sick” photo stunt.
PHOTOS: A-List Tell-All! Kathy Griffin Exposes MORE Sick Secrets About Ellen, Britney & Others

Kathy Griffin should be ashamed of herself. My children, especially my 11 year old son, Barron, are having a hard time with this. Sick!
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 31, 2017

Trump’s son, Donald Trump Jr., also took to social media to bash the “disgusting” snap.

Disgusting but not surprising. This is the left today. They consider this acceptable. Imagine a conservative did this to Obama as POTUS? https://t.co/QdghcbIjS7
— Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) May 30, 2017

As Radar reported, Griffin publicly apologized for the incident on Tuesday, admitting she “went too far.”

I am sorry.  I went too far.  I was wrong. pic.twitter.com/LBKvqf9xFB
— Kathy Griffin (@kathygriffin) May 30, 2017

But it seems she won’t be forgiven for quite some time. Fellow TV personality Anderson Cooper even condemned Griffin, calling her actions “clearly disgusting and completely inappropriate.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n