Jennifer Lopez and Drake Cuddle Up Amid Dating Rumors/n





                    Are Drake and Jennifer Lopez Dating?
                







Rumors are swirling. 

 MORE >>





Jennifer Lopez continues to dating rumors after sharing a photo of her cuddling up next to rumored beau Drake.

The sweet snapshot, which was shared on both their respective Instagram accounts, shows Drake wrapping his arms around J.Lo as he rests his head against hers. Like how any sane woman would react, Lopez looks to be in complete ecstasy as she closes her eyes and clutches Drizzy close to her body.



A photo posted by Jennifer Lopez (@jlo) on Dec 27, 2016 at 11:38pm PST



The duo first sparked romance rumors when Drake was spotted attending two of J.Lo’s Las Vegas shows in one week. Days later, Lopez was one of the handful of guests at an intimate party thrown by Drake at West Hollywood hotspot, Delilah.
Though nothing was confirmed at the time, sources told TMZ that it’s “only a matter of time” before the two music powerhouses took their relationship to the next level.


Rihanna and Drake Enjoy A Night Out In Miami








































11 Photos »


If Lopez and Drake’s PDA wasn’t enough proof that sparks are flying, Rihanna’s latest social media move may be an indication that something is clearly going on. After Lopez shared a photo of Drake, the man who previously publicly professed his love for RiRi, our favorite Bad Gal unfollowed J.Lo on Instagram, seemingly putting an end to their blossoming friendship.
If you recall, Rihanna gifted Lopez a pair of $3,995 boots from her Manolo Blahnik collaboration earlier this year, calling her new BFF “the baddest” and being one of the few people in the world who can pull off the waist-high kicks. As a sign of friendship, Lopez returned the love by wearing them in the “Ain’t Your Mama” music video.
Currently, Lopez is still following Rihanna and Drake. Meanwhile, Champagne Papi has both his rumored gal pal and on-and-off girlfriend on his friend’s list. Rihanna, perhaps being what she calls her “petty af” self, is not following either parties.


jennifer Lopez's Dating History








































7 Photos »


/n