Nick Gordon Accused of Injecting Bobbi Kristina Brown with Fatal ‘Toxic Mixture’ and More Celebrity News/n
We’ve rounded up some of the best stories of the day, featuring news items that you may have missed with Nick Gordon, Liam Hemsworth, One Direction and other celebrity news stories.

Nick Gordon is now being accused of injecting Bobbi Kristina Brown with a fatal “toxic mixture,” in new court documents revealed on Friday, Oct. 9.
According to the document, which is in response to Gordon’s legal team’s efforts to stay the ongoing wrongful death lawsuit filed by Brown’s conservator Bedelia Hargrove, “Ms. Brown died due to a violent altercation with Defendant (Gordon) after which he placed her in a bathtub, unconscious, after he injected her with a toxic mixture.” [Us Weekly]
Undateable actor Rick Glassman split his tongue open during rehearsal and was spewing blood, less than 4 hours before the live show.
Glassman — who plays Burski on the NBC comedy — bit into a toasted bagel and accidentally chomped down on his tongue. He was rushed to the ER where he got stitches … the photos are disturbing. [TMZ]
While Michael Fassbender ultimately landed the the lead role in Steve Jobs, Leonardo DiCaprio and Christian Bale were considered before the X-Men: First Class star.
And while they were in discussions, they got a call urging them not to take the role from Steve Jobs’ widow, Laurene Powell Jobs. [Huffington Post]
Liam Hemsworth star spotted in his hometown of Melbourne, Australia this week, grabbing lunch at a cafe and not wearing any shoes. [Socialite Life]
27 fun facts you didn’t know about Morgan Freeman. [Ranker]
You must watch this video of a unicorn pooping rainbow ice cream cones, which is a very bizarre advertisement for something called the Squatty Potty. [Pink Is the New Blog]
With the release of One Direction’s fifth LP Made In The A.M. on the horizon (November 13), it’s about time for the guys to follow up lead single “Drag Me Down.”
Their next hit, “Perfect,” drops October 16 and is described in the press release as “an emotionally charged ironic love song featuring passionate drumming, rousing guitars, shimmering synths and an immense chorus.” [Idolator]


Today's Hottest Celebrity Social Media Pics








































87 Photos »


/n