EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW: 'Angelina Is A Cheat,' Says Ex Jeff Miranda/n
What is it with Jeff Miranda and women from the Jersey Shore? 
After a painful break-up with Snooki, Miranda has told RadarOnline.com that his most recent catch, Angelina Pivarnick, “is a cheating bi**ch.
 EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: Boyfriend Of Jersey Shore Star Angelin Hospitalized After Street Fight
“I found out she’s been seeing Justin Rated R behind my back,” Miranda said. 
“I’m really hurt man. I’ve treated Angelina with nothing but respect and she does this to me. So not cool.”
PHOTOS: Beautiful Celebs Who Have Been Cheated On
Miranda said he learned the news of his break-up not from Angelina herself — but from RadarOnline.com
“That just goes to show you how Angelina is such a low-budget tramp. She couldn’t even tell me herself.”
In an exclusive interview with RadarOnline.com, Pivarnick revealed she began dating The Bachelorette‘s Justin Rego. As early as Monday, the two were schmoozing in Las Vegas.
EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: Jersey Shore Angelina ‘Isn’t Getting Snooki’s Sloppy Seconds’ Says Snooki’s Ex
“We spent the night in Vegas at ARIA on the 26th floor, it was amazing,” Angelina told RadarOnline.com  
“Justin contacted me on Twitter and I was so excited because I always thought he was hot. I’ve had a crush on him ever since he was on The Bachelorette.
While vehemently upset over this news, Miranda said he’s learned a lesson and is moving on — from the Shore.
“It’s my fault for messing with such trash like Nicole and Angelina,” Miranda said. 
“I don’t know how these two girls got on that show. I wouldn’t watch either of them take out the trash. Angelina can have Justin Rated R. He’s a cheater himself so the two will be perfect together. She’s trash and he looks like a fu*k*ng crushed can of Budweiser.”
RELATED STORIES:
EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW: New Couple Alert! Jersey Shore’s Angelina & Bachelorette Star Justin Rego
EXCLUSIVE: Snooki’s Ex Boyfriend Hooks Up With Rival Angelina
EXCLUSIVE: Jersey Shore’s Angelina & Snooki’s New Boyfriend In Strip Club Brawl /n