Matt Bomer and Simon Halls To Be Honored at Hollygrove’s Annual Norma Jean Gala/n
 
Matt Bomer and husband Simon Halls are set to be honored at Hollygrove’s annual Norma Jean Gala when it takes place on May 18.
Bomer, 39, and Halls, 53, will both receive the Ambassador of Children award at the event, which raises funds for Uplift Family Services — a non-profit agency that provides help and hope to more than 1,200 at-risk children and their families in L.A. — and its behavioral and mental health programs.
“We are so honored to be recognized by Uplift Family Services at Hollygrove in this way and are in awe of the work that they do to support children and families in need,” said Bomer and Halls in a joint statement.
“Our family is the centerpiece of our lives, and we understand firsthand how important it is to provide each and every child with the tools they need to succeed,” the pair — who are parents to sons Kit, Walker and Henry — continued. “We are thrilled to be involved with an organization that fights so fiercely for this cause, and are looking forward to a wonderful evening of celebrating their work.”
According to the agency, the couple was selected to receive the honor because “they, through deed and example, embody the values of the organization’s mission, share its passion to strengthen and support children in crisis, and advocate for those most in need.”
FROM COINAGE: Ask Yourself These Questions Before You Buy A Home

Echoed Uplift Family Services’ Regional Executive Director, Elena Judd, in a statement: “We are so excited and proud to have Matt and Simon as our honorees this year. They are both committed to helping those who exist on the margins of our society, especially children, and I’m so thankful they support our work to do whatever it takes to heal the child – and strengthen the whole family.”
The Houlihan Lokey-sponsored evening —w hich will take place at the W Hollywood Hotel — will feature a three-course dinner, along with a children’s art gallery, a silent and live auction, and a wine wall.
Stars Busy Philipps, Colin Hanks, Peter Weller, Ike Barinholtz, Christopher Gorham and costume designer, Janie Bryant, amongst others, are also set to attend.
/n