7 Must-See Moments from the 2017 Met Gala/n





                    Why Kanye West Isn't Attending the 2017 Met Gala with Kim Kardashian
                







A solo outing. 

 MORE >>





The first Monday in May taught us that Jaden Smith is capable of making an accessory out of his own hair and that Sarah Paulson is Madonna’s biggest fan.

We rounded up seven of our favorite moments from the 2017 Met Gala, from couple red carpet debuts to candid celeb reactions that were fortunately caught on camera.
#1. Diddy Popped a Squat on the Steps





CREDIT: Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images


Sometimes celebrities just want to kick back and relax while enjoying events without having to do much, like the rest of us do. Sean Diddy Combs reclined on the stairs of the Metropolitan Museum of Art while his girlfriend Cassie posed for photos. He must have taken notes from John Legend and Chrissy Teigen at the Golden Globes.

#2. Ryan Reynolds Said Some Really Sweet Things About Blake Lively
Ryan Reynolds was interviewed by the popular Instagram account @humansofny and complimented his wife Blake Lively on her best qualities:
“She always responds with empathy. She meets anger with empathy. She meets hate with empathy. She’ll take the time to imagine what happened to a person when they were five or six years old. And she’s made me a more empathetic person. I had a very fractured relationship with my father. Before he died, she made me remember things I didn’t want to remember. She made me remember the good times.”




A post shared by Humans of New York (@humansofny) on May 1, 2017 at 6:33pm PDT






#3. J-Rod Made Their Red Carpet Debut as a Couple





CREDIT: Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images


Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez made a public appearance together as a couple for the first time since they first started dating two months ago. Lopez wore Valentino and wore Harry Winston jewels.


2017 Met Gala: Complete Red Carpet Arrivals








































112 Photos »


#4. Selena Gomez and The Weeknd Made Their Red Carpet Debut as a Couple, Too





CREDIT: Theo Wargo/Getty Images For US Weekly


Selena Gomez and The Weeknd walked the carpet together one year after The Weeknd attended the same event with Bella Hadid, who was his girlfriend at the time. Gomez wore Coach while The Weeknd wore a fitted tux.

#5. Jaden Smith and His Hair Also Made Their Red Carpet Debut as a Couple(?)





CREDIT: ANGELA WEISS/AFP/Getty Images


Jaden Smith carried his own hair as an accessory, setting a whole new precedent for prom season style choices.

#6. Sarah Paulson Freaked Out When She Realized She Was Standing Behind Madonna
I mean, wouldn’t you react the same way?

Embed from Getty Images


 

#7. Kylie Jenner Captured This Year’s Most Epic Bathroom Selfie
Kylie Jenner tiptoed around Anna Wintour’s no-selfies-at-the-Met-Gala rule by taking the biggest selfie in the bathroom, featuring Brie Larson, Frank Ocean, Kim Kardashian, Paris Jackson, and more. 



annual bathroom selfie
A post shared by Kylie (@kyliejenner) on May 1, 2017 at 7:55pm PDT



 
Launch the gallery at the top of the page to see more photos from the Met Gala red carpet.
/n