Perrie Edwards May Have Thrown Some Major Shade at Zayn Malik and Gigi Hadid/n





                    Perrie Edwards Reveals She Was Homeless After Split from Zayn Malik
                







Perrie Edwards lost more than just a fiancé when Zayn Malik dumped her.

 MORE >>










                    Perrie Edwards Recalls "Awful" Public Screaming Match with Zayn Malik
                







"I was like a woman possessed!"

 MORE >>





Is Perrie Edwards still bitter about her breakup with Zayn Malik?

Two years after she was dumped via text message, the Little Mix singer seemingly threw some major shade at her former fiancé during a recent concert in New Zealand. While performing “Shout Out to My Ex,” which many believe to be based on Edwards’ split with Malik, the 24-year-old was heard to have changed the lyrics to call out her ex’s current girlfriend, Gigi Hadid.
According to some fans, Edwards sang “hope she ain’t faking it like Hadid” instead of the song’s original line, “I hope she’s getting better sex. Hope she ain’t faking it like I did.” The moment made bandmate Jade Thirlwall crack up, missing her cue to sing because she was too busy laughing with Edwards.



A post shared by Little Mix – News & Updates (@keepingupwithperrie) on Jul 30, 2017 at 2:00pm PDT



While some fans claim the line change was a direct diss aimed at Malik, others thought it only sounded like Edwards said “Hadid” because her voice had cracked during the performance.

can everyone chill perrie literally didn’t say hadid. jade was laughing because her voice cracked lmaooooo
— ash misses leigh (@oopspinnock) July 31, 2017


“After I split with my partner, out of the blue, I had nowhere to go, which was incredibly stressful,” Edwards wrote of her breakup with Malik in Little Mix’s Our World last year. “It was horrible, the worst time of my life.”
Edwards and Malik started dating in 2012 after having both competed on U.K’s The X Factor. They got engaged in August 2013, but ended things in 2015 just months after Malik left One Direction. Malik started dating Hadid later that year.
/n