RHOBH Fans Left Divided Over Kim Richards' Ice Cold Decision To Return The Stuffed Animal Lisa Rinna Gave Her!/n

Ice cold!
It's safe to say that shit got Real during the second installment of the Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills reunion.
While many people thought the most dramatic moment would be Erika Girardi's face off against Dorit and PK Kemsley, it was RHOBH vet Kim Richards who stole the reunion spotlight!
Related: Kim Once Dated Donald Trump!
How?? Well, as Bravo previously teased on YouTube, Paris Hilton's aunt returned the bunny arch nemesis Lisa Rinna gave her as a peace offering gift for her new grandson. Ouch!
Be sure to watch the savage moment go down for yourself (below)! 

However, what the clip doesn't show is that Miz Richards doesn't back down from her decision even AFTER Harry Hamlin's wife breaks down in tears and runs off the set. As Eileen Davidson chased after a weepy Rinna, the Bravolebrity shouted from the couch:
"It's good that you feel bad for a minute because you hurt me!"
DAMNNNNN, Kim!
Thankfully, Eileen was there to comfort Lisa R. as she encouraged the Veronica Mars alum to ignore Kim as she was just trying to "demean" her and "hurt" her. Also, we can imagine Richards is making a play to get back on RHOBH. We mean, all of the inneresting plot lines have to do with her and she's NOT EVEN ON THE SHOW ANYMORE!
And it seems we're not the only ones to have an opinion about this Kim vs. Lisa face off as many fans have since flocked to Twitter to weigh in on the situation (below).

I like Lisa Rinna but why would you cry over Kim Richards returning the bunny? You're not even friends. #RHOBHReunion
— Capri Hakeem (@CapriHakeem) April 19, 2017


So negative and low to return the bunny. I have seen a lot of hate and meanness out of Kim Richards the last few seasons. #BunnyGate #RHOBH
— Danielle DuPree (@gldngdess) April 19, 2017


Kim Richards is trash. That bunny stunt was cold, heartless, and mean-spirited. Literally the pettiest thing I've ever witnessed. #rhobh
— Kene (@KenechukwuKene) April 19, 2017


Kim Richards is so delusional, trashy, and desperate! Ugh, I'm so sick of seeing her! Take your bunny charade and get lost! #WWHL #RHOBH
— I Watch, You Listen (@FillMyDVR) April 19, 2017


Kim Richards is savage!!!!!!!!!! I'm hollering at her returned bunny gift & Rinna's FAKE soap actress tears. HILARIOUS! #RHOBHReunion #RHOBH pic.twitter.com/ZvVm734vTE
— All About The Tea ☕ (@AllAboutDaTea) April 19, 2017


Kim Richards returning the bunny to Lisa Rinna is so savage. Damn. #RHOBHReunion pic.twitter.com/UyfbQMyXTH
— Anthony Dominic (@tmzanthony) April 19, 2017


Rinna's tears are making me uncomfortable.😇 The best thing Kim Richards did- return the fake bunny to fake LisaR #RHOBHReunion #RHOBH
— Lola Alevtia (@CoolGirlFusion) April 19, 2017


Only Bravo would add super dramatic music to a scene of Kim Richards walking with a stuffed bunny rabbit. #RHOBH
— Topical Nickname (@MajakMixtape) April 19, 2017
Fans appear to be pretty divided on this issue. So, what do YOU think? Was it savage of Kim to return the bunny??
SOUND OFF in the comments (below)!
[Image via Bravo/YouTube.]
/n