 Secret Affair? Julie Chrisley Started Seeing Todd While Married To Her First Husband!.../n
Julie Chrisley was married to another man before tying the knot with Todd, but did she cheat on her first husband with the Chrisley Knows Best star? Julie’s former in-laws are telling all on their secret romance exclusively to RadarOnline.com.
As Radar reported, Julie was married to Kenneth Wayne Childress on March 15, 1991 when she was only 18 years old.
“Kenny and Julie were highschool sweethearts,” Julie’s former sister-in-law Kellie Adair told Radar. “Kenny was married to Julie when she started seeing Todd.”

Kellie claims Kenny found a note on Julie’s car with Todd’s phone number, which “led to a fight.”
Although Kenny’s mother Betty would not talk about the alleged affair, she told Radar of her former daughter-in-law, “She’s a bad girl!”
Julie went on to marry Todd, who she shares three children with, in 1996.
As for Kenneth, he passed away on November 27, 2012. His obituary reveals that he was a pipefitter and worked in construction. He had been an avid motorcycle rider.
PHOTOS: Downsized Digs? Todd Chrisley Moves Into $2 Million Mansion — AFTER Filing For Bankruptcy
As Radar reported, Julie and Todd have been having marital issues.
A production source for the USA network show exclusively told Radar, “Things are very different between the two of them when the cameras are not rolling. It’s like night and day.”
The insider claims their bedtime scenes are “scripted.”
“They are actually shot back-to-back with several outfit changes,” the source revealed. “No one goes to bed in full hair and make-up!”
The couple “can barely even tolerate each other.”
PHOTOS: TV’s Most Scandalous! The 20 Juiciest Secrets Of The Chrisley Family
Despite their issues, she won’t end another marriage in divorce.
“Todd and Julie will never split,” the friend said. “They both need each other to keep up this image that they have the perfect family.”
Does the alleged affair surprise you? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n