Secret Baby! Tom Hanks’ Troubled Son Welcomes Daughter After One-Night Stand/n
Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson’s son is turning his troubled life around by welcoming a secret child. Chet Hanks, 26, reportedly became a father to a baby girl eight months ago.
“Tom and Rita are really excited to have a new granddaughter,” a source told In Touch. “They’ve fallen in love with the little girl.”
Chet conceived his first child during an alleged one-night stand with a woman named Tiffany. Despite the insider claiming the romp was drug-fueled, Chet has remained sober since the arrival of his baby girl.
“Tom’s had a lot of issues with Chet over the years, given Chet’s drug and alcohol issues, but this baby has changed all of that,” the source claimed. “Chet’s now sober and is currently working as a drug counselor. He lives in Santa Monica and pays $2,800 a month in rent, with the help of his dad.”
PHOTOS: Delivery Room Drama! Inside Blac Chyna’s On-Camera Delivery
Although the baby is mainly cared for by his baby mama and her family, Chet is telling everyone how she has “truly changed his life.”
“Chet is financially supporting the baby, of course, with Tom’s help,” the source said. “They adore that baby and even spent Halloween with her. She will always be loved and taken care of by the Hanks family.”
As RadarOnline.com exclusively reported, the Sully actor blames himself for his son’s battle with drugs.
“Tom has been beating himself up over Chet losing his bearings,” the insider said. “He’s putting the fault squarely on his shoulders for not being attentive enough during his formative years. Instead, he chose to put his career first and foremost before his family.”
PHOTOS: ‘Girly’ Richard Simmons Caught Dressed As A Woman In Shocking Video
Despite multiple rehab stints, Chet hit rock bottom during a trip to London in May when he reportedly got drunk at a nightclub. He later trashed his hotel room and caused $2,000 in damages.
Do you think he’ll officially turn his life around? Tell us in the comments.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n