Beware Kim! Kanye West’s Ex Says He's Insecure, Needy & Vulnerable/n
Kanye West’s ex-girlfriend says the Watch the Throne rapper was “insecure” and “vulnerable” and wouldn’t go on stage unless she was there to reassure him.
In an interview with the British newspaper The Sun, Brooke Crittendon portrays the hip-hop star as being more clingy than cocky during their relationship.
The aspiring actress, who met West in 2004 and dated him for two-and-a-half years, said, “He was not macho – he needed you to be with him and needed your opinion.
PHOTOS: Kim Kardashian Channels Sophia Loren
“He was quite vulnerable. He was insecure as he couldn’t be with me every day. I got the impression he worried he wasn’t good enough for me.
“He needs people to tell him he is good and that he is needed and wanted.”
Brooke, 31, met the star backstage at an Usher concert. Then on the cusp of global fame, West was the opening act for the R&B singer.
PHOTOS: Kim Shows Off Bikini Body
The two dated while his debut album The College Dropout soared up the charts and earned the rapper a Grammy Award nomination.
But she says back then he needed her reassurance just to get on stage and perform.
“He wouldn’t start his show unless I was at the side of the stage,” Brooke says.
PHOTOS: Kim Kardashian Wears Tights And No Make-up At A Nail Salon
“One night the show was delayed because he couldn’t find me. He refused to go on till I’d told him it was going to be OK.”
Brooke says they eventually split up because she wasn’t comfortable with the increasing female attention West was getting.
PHOTOS: Kim Kardsashian In Harper’s Bazaar
Saying that her ex was obsessed with curvy women she says she is not surprised that he is dating Kim Kardashian, who is pregnant with his child.
“For Kanye, what other person besides Kim Kardashian is there?” she said.
“There’s Halle Berry, J-Lo and Beyoncé but they are all taken. She fits into his brand.”
RELATED STORIES:
She’s Starting To Show! Kim Kardashian Flaunts Baby Bump In Tight Dress
Kim Kardashian Calls Pregnancy A ‘Pleasant Surprise,’ Admits To Fertility Issues, In ‘No Rush’ To Marry Kanye
Kanye Is NOT Keeping Up With The Kardashians! He Nixes Kris Jenner’s Plan For Him To Buy House Near Family Compound
Kris Jenner Demanding Kanye West Take out A $10 Million Dollar Life Insurance Policy /n