Lois Lane from Early "Superman": 'Memba Her?!/nIn the '50s, pinup model Noel Neill became famous for playing Lois Lane on the TV series and early movies  " Superman. " Guess what she looks like now!    Rebecca Romijn  The Bikini Heatwave With temperatures only in the '50s in L.A. this weekend, it was up to gorgeous Rebecca Romijn to bring on the heat in her sexy two-piece bikini.The 39-year-old mother of two braved the cool weather and showed off her smokin' hot body while on a photo shoot.Jerry O'Connell is the luckiest man alive.    Brad & Angelina Bring Entire Family to Japan! The gang's all here!Brad Pitt arrived in Japan today to promote  "Moneyball " overseas -- and he didn't do it alone!The superstar was spotted at Tokyo's Haneda Airport with his entire family, including Angelina Jolie, Vivienne, Knox, Pax, Shiloh, Maddox and Zahara. How cute is little Viv?!One thing's for sure: These kids are some serious world travelers!    Jennifer Lopez Shows Serious Leg in NYC Hot leg alert!Jennifer Lopez  showed off her great gams in some high-slit gowns last night at the Glamour 2011 Women of the Year Awards in New York City!Lopez looked beyond amazing in her Atelier Versace gown and peep toe Jimmy Choo heels at the event, where she nabbed the All Star Award.Touching on her recent split from Marc Anthony, Lopez said  " It's the women. Through the ups and the not so ups, that's the one thing that got me through, " adding  "My daughter Emme inspires me to be a better human being. "    NBA STARS The Extracurricular Lockout Activities  With the NBA lockout still going strong, there is one group of people who don't really seem to be affected by it ... the NBA PLAYERS!Check out what these ballers have been doing to fill up all their basketball free lives.    Anthony Bourdain I Went BALLS OUT in '90s Naked Pics A year before releasing the book that launched him to infamy --  "Kitchen Confidential " -- chef, author, and professional ramblin' man Anthony Bourdain let it all hang out while on vacation on St. Martin ... and TMZ has obtained the ballsy photos.We spoke with Anthony ... who told us the pics were snapped by his now ex-wife Nancy in 1999 -- capturing Bourdain and his best bud /sous chef Steven Tempel in their element.Anthony tells us,  "I look good! Nice tan. As I haven't  seen the photos without the star, I can only hope the water wasn't too cold that day. "No reservations.     Celebrity Scramble GUESS WHO! Can you figure out what smiling star had the scramble treatment done?    MTV Europe Music Awards Bieber, Gaga & Full Frontal Nudity! The 2011 MTV Europe Music Awards went down Sunday night in Belfast -- and it was one wild show!Justin Bieber hit the red carpet amid his alleged baby mama drama ... and while he and girlfriend Selena Gomez, who hosted the show, were spotted holding hands yesterday, the two did their EMA appearance solo. Lady Gaga had a big night, taking home four awards while wearing a collection of out-there outfits -- including one where she looked like a giant trombone.And while Gaga's clothes turned heads, so did one guy who wasn't wearing any! When Hayden Panettiere went on stage to present the Best Song award, a nude streaker ran up and went full frontal.The incident looked fully staged -- proving that the censors in Europe are clearly a bit more lenient than the ones here!/n