Hilary Duff’s Ex-Husband, Mike Comrie, Accused of Rape/n





                    Hilary Duff Feels Like She Was Judged for Having a Baby 'Too Soon'
                







The actress shares her thoughts about young moms.

 MORE >>










                    Hilary Duff Finalizes Divorce With Mike Comrie
                







It's over for good.

 MORE >>





Hilary Duff’s ex-husband, Mike Comrie, is under investigation for rape.

Law enforcement insiders tell TMZ that an unnamed woman has a filed a report with the Los Angeles Police Department accusing the retired NHL star of sexual assault. The alleged victim claims had met up with Comrie, 36, on Saturday (Feb. 11, 2017) at a bar and accompanied him to his West Hollywood home. She alleges that he raped her multiple times there.
After the incident, the woman reportedly went to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center, where a rape kit was administered.
Sources close to Comrie tell the publication that the father-of-one has known the woman for a while and acknowledges that they did have sex. The insiders also say that Comrie and the woman had a threesome that night and the other person in the party has not filed a complaint.


Hilary Duff Vacations with Ex Mike Comrie








































8 Photos »


Aside from his hockey career, Comrie is best known for his marriage to Duff, with whom he shares 4-year-old son Luca. The couple married in 2010 and announced their separation almost four years later. They finalized their divorce in February 2016.
In 2015, Comrie was accused of drunkenly propositioning a female patron at Maestro’s in Beverly Hills. According to an eyewitness, he was heavily hitting on the waitstaff that night before offering a guest at the bar money in exchange for sex.
“Mike would not go to his table. Instead, he reaches into his wallet and pulls out hundreds of dollars,” an onlooker told the Daily Mail. “He asked the nice woman at the bar, ‘Ok. How much? How much do you want? I have as much as you need. How much for sex? Name your price. How much do you want to have sex with me?'”
Comrie was reportedly escorted out by security and placed into a taxi.


Hilary Duff Kisses mike comrie Goodbye








































21 Photos »


/n