British Comedian Victoria Wood Dies At The Age Of 62 — Celebs React/n

Tragic news.
The comedy world has lost a genius as news breaks of Victoria Wood's passing at the age of 62 on Wednesday.
The actress' publicist says Wood "died peacefully at her north London home with family" after a "short but brave" battle with cancer.
The Brit's brother expressed his sadness at the news saying that her passing "robbed us of one of the brightest talents of our generation."
Related: Pro Snowboarder Estelle Balet Dead At 21 After Being Caught In Avalanche
So sad.
In case you aren't aware, Wood gained much notoriety in the '80s and was most-recognized for the BBC sketch Acorn Antiques and comedy Dinnerladies. She won five BAFTAs — two for her ITV drama Housewife 49.
Wood has two adult children with ex-husband Geoffrey Durham — Grace Durham and Henry Durham.
Many fellow industry leaders and comedians have expressed their condolences via Twitter: 

Oh for God's sake who next? Listening to the incomparable Victoria Wood on @BBCRadio4 the idea of her no longer singing is desperately sad.
— Kirstie Mary Allsopp (@KirstieMAllsopp) April 20, 2016


I just found out that the amazing Victoria Wood is gone. I have to say I'm gutted and tearful. I hate cancer!
— Boy George (@BoyGeorge) April 20, 2016


Victoria Wood was a national treasure loved by millions. My thoughts are with her family.
— David Cameron (@David_Cameron) April 20, 2016


Shocked by news of Victoria Wood. I worked with her last year and was reminded of just what a superlative performer she was.Only 62 !
— John Cleese (@JohnCleese) April 20, 2016


RIP the brilliant Victoria Wood. So innovative, funny and down to earth.
This has not been a good year.
— Ricky Gervais (@rickygervais) April 20, 2016


Seeing Victoria Wood on TV - working class, bookish, silly, clever, doing stand-up, singing, acting - made me think "Girls can do this."
— Caitlin Moran (@caitlinmoran) April 20, 2016


Deeply saddened by the news of Victoria Wood's passing. She meant so much to so many. RIP
— Jamie Bell (@1jamiebell) April 20, 2016


Very sad to hear of the passing of Victoria Wood. She was a brilliantly funny woman. If you don't know her work, look her up. So sad.
— Paul Feig (@paulfeig) April 20, 2016


Oh no! Just waking up to news of Victoria Wood. Wood And Walters shaped my childhood, she was absolutely pure magic. #victoriawood
— Minnie Driver (@driverminnie) April 20, 2016
Our hearts go out to the Wood's family during this incredibly difficult time.
[Image via WENN.]/n