So Spoiled: Felicity Is Headed for a ‘Morally Questionable’ Place on ‘Arrow’ /n





                    Here's What James Marsden Thinks of the 'Westworld' Season 1 Finale
                







Like you, James Marsden...

 MORE >>





Desperate for the latest news on your favorite show? Well, some finales and mid-season finales have arrived but the spoilers are still rolling in! We’ve got details on Westworld, Blindspot, Arrow and more!

Curious if Regina will bring Robin Hood back to Storybrooke on Once Upon a Time?
“If I were her, I would absolutely be thinking [about bringing him to Storybrooke],” executive producer Edward Kitsis said, hinting that there’ll likely be problems if she does. “It wouldn’t be a fun show if there weren’t consequences.” [Entertainment Tonight]

After last week’s surprising tragedy on Arrow, it appears Felicity is headed for a dark and troubling place emotionally.
Felicity “is going to meet some people who are both a bit tied to her past but also very much tied to this new future she’s contemplating,” showrunner Wendy Mericle said, before adding, “That’s going to draw her away from the team and lead her to do some things that are pretty morally questionable.” [TV Line]


Stephen Amell Shirtless in 'Arrow'








































14 Photos »


Desperate for details on what to expect when Blindspot returns on January 4?
“We’re introducing a new character who I don’t want to the say the name of just yet, but that will help illuminate some of Nas’ background,” EP Martin Gero shared. [Entertainment Weekly]

Loved Westworld? Well, when Season 2 arrives, fans can expect to learn a bit more about how exactly guests get to this host-populated frontier.
The show “will spend a little bit more time next season shining a light on those aspects of the park — what does it feel like to come to it as a guest?  — just a little bit before the mayhem starts,” co-creator Jonathan Nolan revealed. [TV Line]


Ian Somerhalder and Nikki Reed Attend WE Day California








































8 Photos »


/n