Strapped For Cash! Joanna & Chip Gaines Rent Out Home Amid Financial Woes/n
Chip and Joanna Gaines are going to extreme measures to make ends meet, RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal.
The couple is renting their summer home in McGregor, Texas for anywhere from $395 to $995 per night — and they’re already booked through June!
PHOTOS: ‘Game Of Thrones’ Star Lena Headey Buys $790K Fixer-Upper In The Valley — So Much For Being Broke!





 We're getting ready to open up the Magnolia House for booking from July to December of 2017! To kick off booking, we're giving away a weekend stay! The winner will be awarded a two night's stay at the Magnolia House, a gift card to the Market, and a few other surprises! TO ENTER: 1. Sign up for our newsletter at MagnoliaMarket.com! 2. Tag five friends in a comment below. (If you're already signed up for the newsletter, you are already halfway entered—just tag your friends below!) We'll announce the winner on February 14th. Also, be sure to sign up, because only newsletter subscribers will find out the date and time when booking opens! Good luck!  #MagnoliaHouse #Wacotown
A video posted by Magnolia (@magnolia) on Feb 6, 2017 at 10:13am PST



“The Magnolia House was discovered by Chip and Joanna after showing it to a client in search of a house for Fixer Upper,” the couple explained on the rental page. “When the couple didn’t choose it, Joanna pitched the idea of a vacation rental to Chip – and he agreed it was a great idea.”
Radar previously reported that Chip, 41, and Joanna, 38, have struggled with money since they first tied the knot. Joanna didn’t realize the severity of their problems until she had to empty the Magnolia cash register to pay for Chip’s bail.
PHOTOS: Desperate For Ratings? Chip Gaines Strips Down During Season 5 Filming
The couple was sued for delinquent property taxes in 2012 for sums totaling over $11,000. They paid off their debts in 2014.
Now, Chip and Joanna are being sued for $200,000 to $1 million for putting a fence on their neighbor’s property.
Stay with Radar for more.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n