Wynonna Judd’s Troubled Daughter Released From Jail – But Is She A Free Woman?/n
Wynonna Judd’s troubled daughter has been released from jail – but is she finally free? RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal the latest on Grace Pauline Kelley’s status after she was sentenced for meth-related charges.
Kelley, 21, was serving time at Maury County Jail in Tennessee. According to representative for the jail, she was transferred to Williamson County Detention Center on June 12.
Judd and Arch Kelley’s daughter was released from Williamson County Detention Center on June 16. She is currently continuing her sentence at a court-ordered drug program, a rep told Radar.
As Radar exclusively reported, the Clerk of Court for Maury County claimed Kelley was charged with manufacturing and delivering meth. She pled guilty to the lesser charge of possession of meth.
PHOTOS: The Most DISGUSTING Claims Against Bill Cosby In 15 Clicks
She was sentenced to 11 months and 29 days in jail, which was suspended and will be served on probation after she successfully completes 30 days behind bars on March 7, 2017.
She also pled guilty to evading arrest and was sentenced to four years in jail. The jail time was suspended and will be served on probation. A condition of her probation is that she must serve 180 days at an in-house rehab.
She was also charged with failure to report an accident, but the case was dismissed.
But the charges don’t end there. Kelley pled guilty to manufacture, delivery, sale and possession of meth on May 26 in Williamson County. A Tennessee judge ordered her to pay $3,092.50 in fines.
PHOTOS: Patton Oswalt Dating Meredith Salenger — 14 Months After Wife’s Death!
Kelley’s life of trouble kicked off when she was a teen, as she disappeared for days in 2011 during a flight layover while returning home from boarding school.
In December 2012, she was sent to a “behavioral camp” for six months, a source told Radar.
Kelley’s actress aunt Ashley Judd got temporary custody of her in 2013 when she claimed her mother popped pills and became abusive.
Do you think she’ll remain sober after the program? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n