 ‘I’m Not Going To Bury You!’ Todd Chrisley In Tears Over Savannah’s Tragic Car.../n
Savannah Chrisley was involved in a car accident that left her hospitalized – and it left her father in tears. Todd Chrisley breaks down over his daughter’s crash in a sneak peek for the return of Chrisley Knows Best.
“To have someone say your daughter has been in an accident and you have to come to the hospital, that is the phone call I have dreaded,” Todd cried in the trailer. “You are my child, but I’m not going to bury you because God did not send me here equipped to do that.”
The 19-year-old suffered broken vertebrae when she crashed her car into a guardrail.
PHOTOS: Rare Sighting! Ryan Gosling & Eva Mendes Spotted Out With Their Daughters
“Vehicle one was traveling south bound on Interstate 65 near Armory Drive,” the police report obtained by Radar read. “The driver of vehicle number one advised officers that her foot became tangled up in the floor mat and then behind the brake pedal in the process of trying to free her foot.”
Savannah wrote on Instagram at the time of the crash, “We all make mistakes…all that matters is how we learn and grow from them. I truly believe that God has used this situation to open my eyes to what is truly important in life and to put my focus back on Him in order to live the right life and be unbelievably happy. So right now I just want to say thank you again…love you all.”
But Savannah wasn’t off the road for long, as she was back behind the wheel only a week later.
PHOTOS: 95 & Fabulous! Betty White Emerges From Hiding With Younger Man
“Who say I ain’t brave,” Todd captioned a photo of his daughter driving.
The upcoming episodes will also feature Todd’s son Chase getting a new dog, his wife Julie recovering from bunion surgery and Todd trying to get his “zoo under control!”
Chrisley Knows Best returns Tuesday at 10/9c on USA.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n