Sharon Stone Responds To Letter Where Madonna Calls The Actress & Whitney Houston "Horribly Mediocre"!/n

Sharon Stone is choosing to forgive and forget!
On July 19, online auction website Gotta Have Rock and Roll is selling a letter from the early '90s where Madonna reportedly tells ex-boyfriend John Enos about her "frustrating" career, and how her "original" and "unique" talents aren't being appreciated by the masses.
Related: Madonna Reignites Her Feud With Pepsi
The note was provided by Darlene Lutz — "Madonna's art consultant who was also a long-time personal friend" — and appears to be written after the Material Girl released her controversial 1992 Sex photo book and Erotica album.
In the process of airing her grievances, the now-58-year-old SLAMS "horribly mediocre" Whitney Houston and Stone for achieving the success she desires.
Madge wrote: 

"Now I have made so many people angry that I'm being punished and basically made to be quiet and sit in a corner while other less interesting and exciting people are reaping the benefits of the roads I've paved. Maybe this is what black people felt like when Elvis Presley got huge. It's so unequivocally frustrating to read that Whitney Houston has the music career I wish I had and Sharon Stone has the film career I'll never have. Not because I want to be these women because I'd rather die but they're so horribly mediocre and they're always being held up as paragons of virtue and some sort of measuring stick to humiliate me. Everything I do is so original and unique and I put so much of myself into it like my book and my record and it's only brought me heartache and pain and I don't think I can play the game to be accepted."
On Thursday, once the private letter became public, the 59-year-old shade-recipient took to Facebook to respond… and she surprisingly has nice words for her "friend"!
In a twist of events, the Basic Instinct actress reveals she is actually envious of Madonna's "rock star" career, and she sometimes thinks of herself as "mediocre" too!

Kudos to Sharon for keeping it classy!
[Image via WENN.]
/n