 Heartbreaking Double Tragedy: Scott Disick’s Aunt Says Grief Over Both Parents’ Untimely.../n
Soon-to-be father of three Scott Disick’s recent hospital stay for alcohol poisoning shocked his fans. But those closest to him understand why he would turn to booze and partying — and they want to help him through this trying time, his aunt exclusively tells RadarOnline.com.
Audrey Martone says nephew Disick— who’s expecting his third child with longtime girlfriend Kourtney Kardashian in December— has picked up the bottle while mourning the sudden deaths of his mom Bonnie last October and father Jeffrey just a few months later.
“Scott lost both parents in a very short period of time, and I think being without them right now is a sad reminder,” Martone explains to Radar. “I feel for him and I try to give him the benefit of the doubt. Everyone has their own way of grieving, and I respect that.”
PHOTOS: Scott Disick And Kourtney Kardashian Take Their Son Mason To Nobu Sushi In Malibu
Martone, the sister of Disick’s late father, said in a previous interview with The National ENQUIRER that her nephew has been distant from the family since the funeral in January.
The New York native, who has yet to hear from her reality star relative while he films near her hometown for Kourtney & Khloe Take The Hamptons this summer, worries that living in his old stomping grounds may trigger some painful memories for Disick.
PHOTOS: Kourtney Kardashian, Scott Disick Take Mason To Farmers Market
“They’re out in an area of Long Island where there are reminders of his parents,” she noted. “He might need some time to heal.”
The flashy entrepreneur was rushed to Southampton Hospital in June after a belated birthday celebration ended with a dangerous cocktail of booze and prescription pills, Radar confirmed.
Disick’s hard-partying lifestyle has been a point of contention between him, his baby mama and her famous family for years: Kardashian even kicked him out of their rental home last month until he cleaned up his act.
PHOTOS: 20 Most Ridiculous Moments From The Kardashians’ Reality Shows
Disick’s other family members, who still live on Long Island, found out about his medical emergency through the media.
“I didn’t know anything. Someone from work actually told me they read about it,” Martone admitted.
Fortunately, insiders tell Radar the star is on the mend.
PHOTOS: 15 Kardashians Fights: They’re Sisters… But Not Always Friends
“He’s not where he was last month when he went to the hospital,” a source previously told Radar. “Physically and mentally, he has turned it around. He decided to change because he hit bottom and wanted to get better.” /n