Teenage Boy Decapitates Friend Who Had Sex With His Girlfriend… And Keeps His Head To Show Her!/n

Those of you with weak stomachs should probably avoid reading any further…
A 19-year-old in Komsomolsk-on-Amur, Russia is dead after a love triangle between teenagers turned violent.
According to The Siberian Times, the body of Artyom Shustov (pictured above) was found in a Far East Russia park earlier this week, and his 16-year-old romantic rival has since confessed to the crime.
Related: Woman Arrest For Murdering Her Romantic Rival… 27 Years Later!
Apparently, Nikita Rasskazov was outraged when he saw pictures of his girlfriend Olena Matsneva, 17, and Artyom getting comfortable at a party on social media. However, when Olena revealed that she had performed oral sex on their slightly older friend, Nikita demanded to meet his eventual victim to talk in person.
Unfortunately, Nikita's request to sort out their problems was all just a facade — because after stabbing Artyom twice with a kitchen knife… he decapitated his victim.
But to make an already disgusting story that much worse, we're hearing he kept the head  overnight to show to Olena before disposing of it in a nearby river.
Related: 19-Year-Old Mom Murdered The Day Before Her Birthday
However, the case isn't as open and shut as it may seem — because Olena's friends are now saying she may have influenced Nikita with a false story of rape.
According to local reports, friends at the party where the cheating took place believe she lied to Nikita when telling her side of the story, telling police:

"We were there in the apartment with them and personally saw what was happening.
The next day, Olena obviously regretted what had happened and she told her boyfriend Nikita. But she explained it as if Artyom had harassed her and tried to rape her.
Nikita was shocked and asked Artyom to meet and talk. They knew each other before. Artyom agreed and they arranged their meeting at the entrance of the park."
Regardless of the true cause, a young man needlessly lost his life — and our thoughts are with his friends and family at this difficult time.
With that said, local police are expected to charge Nikita with murder once the investigation concludes.
Rest in peace, Artyom.
[Image via Facebook.]
/n