'It's Bogus!' Christina El Moussa Framed In Skincare Product Scam/n
As Christine El Moussa‘s bitter divorce battle continues to unfold in the spotlight, the Flip or Flop star has been thrust in the middle of a new scandal — a scam!
The 33-year-old was recently targeted by a website, posing as People magazine, that credited her as the creator of a new anti-wrinkle product, Vinetics-C.
The site alleged that the skincare line makes up “close to 50 percent” of her income with estranged husband, Tarek El Moussa, allowing her to “take care of my family without having to depend on staying together with Tarek.”
PHOTOS: Daddy-Daughter Day! ‘Flip Or Flop’ Star Tarek El Moussa Takes Taylor To American Girl
The post also doctored an Instagram post from El Moussa to read: “Tarek and I were having problems long before we broke up. I knew that my livelihood would be become threatened if I didn’t take action, so I worked with a talented team to create Vinetics-C Anti-Wrinkle Serum to take care of my family without having to depend on staying together with Tarek.”
The site claimed that the blonde beauty later changed the caption.
El Moussa’s spokesperson quickly spoke out against the scam, saying: “This is absolutely NOT true, and it is a bogus website. This is not from People’s website, and is clearly a scam with a made-up website address to give the false impression that Christina endorses this product or has made these false claims. This is clearly an example of someone trying to take advantage of the current difficult situation she is going through in the public eye.”
PHOTOS: Christina El Moussa Attends Church With Daughter Solo After Tarek Files Joint Custody
“”We will forward [the website] to her attorney,” the spokesperson added.
As Radar readers know, Christina and Tarek are reportedly hoping their shocking split won’t affect their hit HGTV show, Flip or Flop. According to People, a source close to the couple said that the two “are very much committed and want to continue to work together and continue the show.”
The couple secretly split up in May 2016 but didn’t tell their fans until December. In January, Tarek officially filed for divorce.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n