Donald Trump's Mar-A-Lago Resort Is Actually Pretty Gross — Get The Deets On Its 'High Priority' Health Violations!/n

As we already know from those sexual assault allegations, a lot of gross shit goes down in Donald Trump's Mar-a-Lago estate.
So, it doesn't completely shock us to learn that restaurant inspectors found over a dozen health violations in the kitchen of the President's private club in Palm Beach, Florida!
According to the Miami Herald, state inspectors found more code violations in the kitchen at the resort than they had in years past.
While officials ultimately declared the kitchen met the minimum standards, they found three "high priority" violations that could potentially lead to harmful bacteria on plates being served to restaurant patrons.
Related: Trump Still Insists Hillary Clinton Was The Corrupt One
The report states that the fish designed to be served raw or undercooked hadn't gone through the proper parasite destruction — kitchen staffers were told to either cook the fish immediately or throw it out.
Another violation found that the club's coolers used to store raw meats were much too warm. Instead of the required 41 degrees, inspectors clocked in the temperatures at potentially dangerous.
The chicken tested at 49 degrees, the duck and raw beef was a 50 degrees, and ham was at a balmy 57 degrees. The club was cited for not maintaining the coolers and instructed to have them immediately repaired.
Video: Kim Richards Once Dated Trump!
Usually, Trump has been personally involved in the day-to-day operations of the resort, and Mar-a-Lago typically passed inspections with at most one or two violations.
But since his foray into politics, Trump has instead spend most weekends at the club as a visitor. The number of Mar-a-Lago health violations spiked, from just 2 in 2015 to 11 last year. This year's 13 violations, however, takes the cake.
Speaking of cake, POTUS hosted Chinese leader Xi Jinping there last weekend, where the two discussed Trump's airstrike on Syria over "the most beautiful piece of chocolate cake that you've ever seen."
We just hope they didn't order the fish.
[Image via Aaron Gilbert/WENN.]
/n