This Is What Ellen DeGeneres and Portia de Rossi’s $45 Million Mansion Looks Like/n





                    Peek Inside Ellen DeGeneres’ Mini-Palace
                







The queen of daytime TV is now the queen of Beverly Hills. 

 MORE >>










                    Ellen DeGeneres Shuts Down Divorce Rumors: 'I'm Not Going Anywhere'
                







Things couldn't be better for Ellen DeGeneres and Portia de Rossi!

 MORE >>





It’s no secret that celebrities know how to living large. Case in point: Ellen DeGeneres and Portia de Rossi’s mansion.

The longtime couple are opening the doors to their 17-acre estate in Santa Barbara, Calif., to potential buyers, putting up their spacious property on the real estate market for a whopping $45 million.
Located in the seaside suburb of Montecito, the 10,500-square-foot residence boasts six bedrooms, six bathrooms and two powder rooms. Known as “The Villa” to famous neighbors like Oprah Winfrey and Al Gore, the stunning spread also includes and an 800-square-foot living space, a formal dining room that easily seats a dozen, a modern kitchen with an adjoining breakfast room, and a large massive suite with one of the property’s nine fireplaces.
As if the main house wasn’t impressive enough, DeGeneres and de Rossi have built their own separate guesthouse — lavishly dubbed “Jordan Hall” — that currently acts as a giant games room with its own billiards table and fully-stocked bar.


Ellen DeGeneres and Portia de Rossi visit Australia








































9 Photos »


Outside, the grounds feature two swimming pools, a tennis court, a circular stone fountain, an outdoor bathtub, a dining terrace with its own built-in barbecue and pizza oven, mature olive and eucalyptus tress, and — natch — stunning ocean views of the Pacific Ocean.
According to property records, DeGeneres and de Rossi, who married in 2008, bought the sprawling pad in 2013 for $26.5 million before splashing out another $2.3 million for vacant plot next door to expand their land.
“When I’m in a room, I want everything I’m looking at to make me happy,” DeGeneres told People in 2015 of her interior design style. “I’ve gotten better over the years. This didn’t happen to me right away. I shop a lot and I study a lot and I look at a lot of books and magazines. I just learned what I like.”
Clearly, she likes her home to be massive AF. Take a tour of the place — below.


Inside Ellen DeGeneres and Portia de Rossi's $45 Million Mansion








































45 Photos »


/n