 Khloé BETRAYED! Sexy College Student Claims Kardashian’s Boyfriend French Montana Tried.../n
Her family warned her to stay away from her bad boy
rapper boo — and now maybe Khloé Kardashian will finally listen.
In a shocking Boston radio interview, Fisher College student and “Matty in the Morning” show intern Mariela revealed Kardashian’s boyfriend French Montana, 29, attempted to hook up with her after a June 20 club performance in Lawrence, Massachusetts.
PHOTOS: Revealed: 35 Secrets The Kardashians Want Hidden
The budding journalist, 23, said she initially sought out a solo Montana after the concert to score an interview for her YouTube channel. (Kardashian was in Los Angeles celebrating niece North West’s first birthday.)
“I love the entertainment industry,” the Dominican Republic-born beauty explained today on KISS 108. “He’s the number 1 New York rapper!”
PHOTOS: Home Sweet Home: Kim Kardashian The Epitome Of Glam At L.A. Lunch With Sisters Khloé & Kourtney
When she snagged Montana’s manager to make the request, the hip-hop star — who has been inseparable from Kardashian, 29, since April — allegedly looked Mariela over and said, “I’ll give her the interview. But first, I have to interview her.”
“French kicks out all the other girls and takes my cell phone away. Before he takes my phone, he says, ‘Here, call me so I can have your number in case you get lost.’ I have his number, that’s my proof,” Mariela claimed. “We’re making small talk, then he says, ‘Let’s go to my tour bus so we can do the interview.’”
PHOTOS: Kardashians In Krisis: 17 Scandals That Rocked TV’s First Family
Once they climbed into the bus, Montana began sweet-talking the young Lawrence resident.
“He says . . . ‘Whenever you want to visit me in New York, I’ll fly you out there,'”Mariela continued.
PHOTOS: 10 Stars Who Love The Kardashians And 10 Stars Who Hate Them
Suddenly, Mariela says Montana’s entourage left the bus— leaving the two completely alone.
“He climbs on top of me,” she said. “I say, ‘I’m not about this life. I have morals. I have a lot to lose.’ He says, ‘I have a lot to lose, too. You know that I have a girlfriend!’”
PHOTOS: They Really Did Say It! 50 Outrageous Kardashian Quotes
As the rapper licked her ear, the terrified intern says she attempted to get out of his grasp.
“He wouldn’t get off me. I had to double push,” she concluded, adding that she snagged her cell phone, ran out of the bus and asked her brother for a ride home.
Listen to Mariela’s shocking tale in the radio clip below.
 /n