EXCLUSIVE! First Look: Liv Tyler Plays Amelia Earhart in Short Film as Belstaff's Brand Ambassador Liv Tyler was announced as Belstaff's brand ambassador in September, and now we've gained an exclusive first look at her upcomi.../n
Liv Tyler was announced as Belstaff's brand ambassador in September, and now we've gained an exclusive first look at her upcoming campaign film for the brand, "Falling Up," which she executive produced as well as starred in.In the film, Tyler retraces the footsteps of pioneering 1920's aviatrix, Amelia Earhart—one of the first women Belstaff dressed—and how she broke free from the expectations of women in her time by following her personal desires. Tyler is the perfect fit for a character that cuts her own path, on her own terms.

The 15-second leaked clip shows a series of scenes from the film, including Tyler building the plane, mapping her flight plans and smiling as she watches a flock of birds fly through the sky. She is dressed in several pieces from Belstaff's spring/summer 2016 collection, which is currently available in stores.Tyler said of the project, "We'd been thinking of ways to tell the story of who the Belstaff woman really is - free-spirited, independent, brave. Amelia was the perfect inspiration."She explained, "Besides wearing Belstaff back then, she was the first woman to fly across the Atlantic by herself and attempted to fly around the world. She was such a strong, powerful, intelligent, yet feminine, woman. It was an honor to play a woman based on such an incredible inspiring icon."



Jason Merritt/Getty Images

Meanwhile, Liv has also been busy designing a capsule collection of the twelve must-have pieces the actress feels every woman should have in her wardrobe. The collection will be unveiled at the Belstaff Women's Winter'16 presentation during London Fashion Week on Feb. 21 and will be available in stores in September 2016.All of this also happens to overlap with some more big news in her life: her third pregnancy! E! News confirmed the actress is expecting a child with fiancé Dave Gardner.Check out her stylish pregnancy wardrobe below!
/n