Natalie Wood Family Horror After Shocking Arrest/n
Lana Wood’s tragic life took a turn for the worse when her grandson was arrested after allegedly threatening a nurse who was caring for his mother RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned.
Natalie Wood’s sister told Radar that her cancer-stricken daughter, Evan Maldonado, passed out on Sunday, July 9, 2017 and “went into complete cardiac arrest.”
“Her husband did CPR. She almost bit through her tongue. We called 9-1-1 and they took her to the hospital. She was intubated and put on life support,” a devastated Lana told Radar. “She is still in a coma and is in critical condition. They are not getting any response.”
PHOTOS: Paris Jackson Looks Carefree Amid Mom Debbie Rowe’s Cancer Diagnosis
Decades after her sister’s mysterious death, Lana revealed more about her own family’s tragedy. Her daughter’s husband and three children were by her side in the hospital, rushing to spend time with their mother as she remained unresponsive. She told Radar that they were crushed at Evan’s dire circumstances.
“When her oldest son, Nicholas, was leaving the hospital, he was so upset seeing his mother with blood in her mouth,” Lana explained.
“He was afraid for her life and was worried that she was not going to live. He told the nurse taking care of her that she had better take care of his mother or he was coming back for her.”
PHOTOS: ‘My Tongue Swelled Up!’ Val Kilmer Struggles To Speak Amid Throat Cancer Rumors
Much to the grieving family’s shock, the nurse called the police and Nicholas was arrested and taken to jail at 4am on July 10, 2017, Radar confirmed on the Los Angeles Sheriff’s Department website.
He was arrested for a felony charge and was released on July 12, 2017 after posting a $50,000 bail.
Natalie’s sister told Radar that the charges were lowered to a misdemeanor but she was struggling to help her family deal with the catastrophe.
PHOTOS: Cancer-Stricken Shannen Doherty Shaves Her Head Bald
“I’ve always been with my daughter,” she said about Evan, who has Hodgkin’s lymphoma. “I don’t know what in the hell I’m going to do. I need counseling for all my grand children.”
A GoFundMe account was set up for Lana recently after she faced eviction from her home.
Stay with Radar for updates to the story.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n