Burke Ramsey's Lawyer Plans to Sue CBS Over JonBenét Docu-Series: "He Will Be Haunted by These Accusations" Burke Ramsey is not taking CBS' accusations lightly.  On the heels of the finale episode of the network's do.../n
Burke Ramsey is not taking CBS' accusations lightly. On the heels of the finale episode of the network's docuseries, The Case of: JonBenét Ramsey, the 29-year-old's attorney, L. Lin Wood, has announced plans to sue CBS and one of the show's experts, Dr. Werner Spitz, on behalf of his longtime client. "CBS doesn't have enough money to compensate this man for the permanent damage they have caused this man's reputation that he has to live with for the rest of his life," he told E! News. "When I am done with CBS, the verdict from the Hulk Hogan vs. Gawker case is going to look like peanuts."During Monday night's airing, the series concluded by proposing a new theory that, instead of the original hypothesis that an intruder had killed 6-year-old JonBenét Ramseyin her home in Colorado, a 9-year-old Burke had actually struck his sister on the head with a flashlight and accidentally killed her despite the fact that the entire Ramsey family had been publicly exonerated in 2008 by the Boulder district attorney based on evidence. 

It's a largely publicized theory that Wood claims will have a lifetime effect on his client. "Now, from age 29 until he takes his last breath, he will be haunted by these accusations the network has put out," the attorney told E! News. "There is no new investigation," Wood continued to E! News. "This was a show [to] produce ratings and money like [The People v. O.J. Simpson] and Netflix's Making a Murderer. They are putting this out for September sweeps. The 20th anniversary is in December, not September." 

Wood also takes issue with the show's panel of experts, whom he claimed to E! are working off of a script from a book written by James Kolar called Foreign Faction: Who Really Kidnapped JonBenét? "The accusations of the CBS so-called "experts" lack substantial evidentiary support and contradict the factual conclusions reached by legitimate law enforcement authorities and experts familiar with the actual evidence developed in the case. CBS' false and unprofessional attacks on this young man are disgusting and revolting," he continued in his statement. "Burke Ramsey shall seek redress against CBS for its outrageous accusations in a court of law where he successfully acquitted himself over 15 years ago in libel actions filed against the tabloid Star Magazine, the New York Post and Court TV for publishing similar false accusations."In response to Wood's recent statements, CBS said it "stands by the broadcast and will do so in court."—Reporting by Taylor Bryant
/n