‘The Night Of’ Actress Glenne Headly Dies At 62/n
Glenne Headly has died at age 63, RadarOnline.com has learned.
“It is with deep sorrow that we confirm the passing of Glenne Headly,” The Night Of star’s rep said in a statement. “We ask that her family’s privacy be respected in this difficult time.”
Her cause of death is not currently known.
PHOTOS: What Happened Here? Celebrity Deaths That Remain A Mystery
The actress, who was filming Hulu comedy Future Man, is survived by her husband Byron McCulloch and son Stirling.
Multiple celebrities have shared their condolences via social media, including her Future Man costar Josh Hutcherson.





 I only knew the talented, empathetic, loving, beautiful Glenne Headly for a short time. She was powerful and strong and hilarious. Her eyes brought to life so many amazing characters over the years and her love brought to life a beautiful family. I'm gonna miss her presence, her smile, and the way she made me feel like her son before, between, and after they called action and cut. Grab onto those who make you feel loved. My heart is broken today and I can only imagine what those closest to her are going through. My broken heart goes out to all of you as well. This is a photo of my home. Kentucky. I love my family and friends so much. I hope you all feel it. With lead hearts we are going to celebrate the irreplaceable Glenne Headly. LOVE.
A post shared by Josh Hutcherson (@jhutch1992) on Jun 9, 2017 at 9:12am PDT



“She was powerful and strong and hilarious,” the actor gushed. “Her eyes brought to life so many amazing characters over the years and her love brought to life a beautiful family. I’m gonna miss her presence, her smile, and the way she made me feel like her son before, between, and after they called action and cut.”
Future Man creator Seth Rogan said he was “devastated.”

Devastated to hear about Glenne Headly's passing. She was an amazing person. Incredibly talented. Incredibly kind. I will miss her.
— Seth Rogen (@Sethrogen) June 9, 2017

“She was an amazing person. Incredibly talented. Incredibly kind. I will miss her,” he wrote.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n