America's Got Talent Finals: Did Landau Eugene Murphy, Jr. Seal the Win?/n
America is going to have a tough time voting for their favorite act after a nearly flawless night of performances on Tuesday’s America’s Got Talent.    
The show’s finals round – which featured routines by Season 6’s remaining competitors: Landau Eugene Murphy, Jr., Team iLuminate, Poplyfe and Silhouettes – even had typically hard-headed judge Piers Morgan raving that “everyone in the top four is a winner.”    
The night began with another crowd-pleaser from season frontrunner Landau Eugene Murphy, Jr. The car washer-turned-jazz musician’s rendition of Frank Sinatra’s classic tune “My Way” was “a $1 million performance,” according to Morgan. 
RELATED: America’s Got Talent: Team iLuminate Lights Up Competition
“You gave me goose bumps,” fellow critic Sharon Osbourne added. “It was perfectly sung.”    
Judge Howie Mandel agreed, telling Murphy, “There’s a real good chance that you just sealed the deal.”    
Team iLuminate, which performed next, also continued its positive streak of feedback.    
Following their signature glow-in-the-dark dance act – that landed a standing ovation from all three judges – Osbourne said they were “bigger and better tonight,” while Morgan said, “You are exactly what America needs right now.”    
Mandel, who also praised the act, compared them to Murphy, suggesting that the vocalist may have an easier time in the competition because he is a solo act that America can “relate” to, while they are a group.    
Next up was Poplyfe, the upbeat band of youngsters from Oakland, Calif. The group was voted into the finals last week by acing their rendition of a Jackson 5 medley. But unfortunately, their take on a couple of Queen songs Tuesday night didn’t have quite the same effect.    
“You were a little off,” Mandel said of the performance, which ended in tears for the group’s front woman Kehlani Parrish. “But you have what it takes.”    
Morgan, who sympathetically asked Parrish why she was crying, said, “I thought the performance was a bit shaky but we love you.”    
“We hope people understand we really want this,” Parrish said, unable to keep her eyes from watering.    
But the night closed out with a standing ovation for the Silhouettes, who once again received such loud cheers from the audience that most of the judges’ comments could not be heard, with the exception of Mandel’s rave: “We loved it. America loved it!”
/n