Joshua Jackson Spotted with Crystal Reed While Diane Kruger and Norman Reedus Dating Rumors Heat Up/n





                    How Joshua Jackson and Diane Kruger Defied Death
                







What a story!

 MORE >>





Joshua Jackson and Diane Kruger proved that love is dead when they announced their breakup after 10 years of dating earlier this week. Though the announcement felt like a dagger through the heart for us all, Jackson and Kruger’s split was probably inevitable.

Just weeks before news of the separation broke, Jackson, 38, was photographed grabbing coffee with Teen Wolf actress Crystal Reed in Los Angeles. The twosome reportedly left Jackson’s house together before bunkering down local hotspot Alfred Coffee.


Joshua Jackson Grabs Coffee with Crystal Reed








































6 Photos »


Meanwhile, rumors regarding Kruger, 40, and Sky co-star Norman Reedus were heating up. Though Reedus’ rep previously denied reports that the two were an item after they were allegedly seen “wildly making out” at a New York City bar last year, Kruger was spending quite a lot of time with Reedus before announcing her split with Jackson. Early this month, the actress was seen partying with The Walking Dead actor at a Fourth of July bash in Tuscany. Though official photos of Kruger at the star-studded event were suspiciously wiped from the internet, other pictures of her and Reedus — including this one of the back of their heads — remained.






 About last night: ever chic @sarahharrisuk at the annual @rosettagetty Tuscany party #rosettagettyxtuscany
A photo posted by PR, EVENTS & SPECIAL PROJECTS (@zoecommunications) on Jul 3, 2016 at 7:53am PDT



Hmm, interesting.
Jackson and Kruger confirmed that they have indeed broken up on Monday (July 18, 2016) after a decade together. “Diane Kruger and Josh Jackson have decided to separate and remain friends,” their reps said in a statement to People.
They first began dating in 2006 following Kruger’s divorce from director Guillaume Canet.


Diane Kruger and Joshua Jackson Sell Their Los Angeles Home








































8 Photos »


/n