 Judge Tosses Tom Cruise’s Nazi Argument In $50M Libel Case Against Magazine Publisher.../n
Tom Cruise‘s bid to connect his legal foe Bauer Media to Nazism and Hitler worship has failed, after a judge overseeing the star’s bitter defamation lawsuit ruled the publisher did not have to reveal whether it had any ties to alleged anti-semitism.
In a Los Angeles federal district court, Magistrate Judge Jacqueline Chooljian said Bauer’s potential Nazi sympathies were outside the scope of the case, The Wrap first reported.
As RadarOnline.com revealed, Cruise’s high-powered attorneys had been making the disturbing accusations for almost 12 month as part of their defamation lawsuit against In Touch and Life & Style magazines over cover stories which claimed the Oscar-nominee had “abandoned” his daughter, Suri, in the wake of his divorce form actress Katie Holmes.
PHOTOS: Inside The Scientology Super Center
In one letter to Bauer’s legal counsel, Cruise’s lawyer wrote: “This relentless defaming of Mr. Cruise and his Church is less surprising now that we have discovered Bauer’s long and disgraceful record of religious hatred and bigotry. This appalling record goes back to the 30s and 40s, when Bauer Publishing was a fawning admirer of Hitler and the Nazis, publishing glamorous portraits of Der Führer … They also published vicious caricatures  of Jews that were so popular in Germany at the time.”
“Bauer’s conduct didn’t stop with the war’s end.
Bert Fields continued, “Since then, it has distributed neo-Nazi magazines, as well as Nazi-themed pornography and has engaged in anti-semitic rants.”
PHOTOS: Stars Come Out For Opening of Scientology’s ‘Super Power’
He insisted, “Bauer may disguise its present attacks [on Cruise in In Touch and Life & Style magazines] as mere tabloid-style gossip. But it’s really a continuation of the same pattern of bigotry the company espoused under Hitler. Only now, it’s focused on Scientologists rather than Jews and it’s been reformatted to make money from young Americans, while indoctrinating them with Bauer’s current messages of hate.”
Bauer had labelled the accusations as “bizarre” and not deserving of a “substantive response.”
In court on Tuesday, the judge also denied Cruise’s request to force Bauer to reveal the identity of its anonymous sources for the offending stories. /n