Bobbi Kristina Brown’s Aunt Claims Nick Gordon Is Being Investigated for ‘Attempted Murder’ in Facebook Posts/n





                    Bobbi Kristina Brown's Boyfriend Nick Gordon Enters Rehab: Report
                







It happened following a taping with Dr. Phil. 

 MORE >>





 
Bobbi Kristina Brown’s aunt, Leolah Brown, took to Facebook yesterday to write an open letter to Dr. Phil. She made claims that her niece’s boyfriend, Nick Gordon, is under investigation for “attempted murder” after the 22-year-old was found facedown in the bathtub, and criticized the talk show host for having Gordon onto his show.

After Gordon revealed he would be going on Dr. Phil to take part in an intervention, to be aired March 11, Brown wrote to her Facebook:


(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = "//connect.facebook.net/en_US/all.js#xfbml=1";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));


Post by Leolah PrayerWorks.

Following Gordon’s appearance on Dr. Phil, he reportedly entered into rehab.
TMZ reports that Gordon was under the influence of drugs and alcohol at the time of the intervention to get him to enter rehab, and that he thought it was only an interview with Dr. Phil. Nick’s mom staged the intervention, and Nick was too incoherent (from alcohol and Xanax) that he was barely able to form sentences.


Whitney Houston's Career Defining Moments








































9 Photos »


In the end, on his way out to rehab, TMZ reports that Gordon was so angry that he punched 2 members of Dr. Phil’s staff.
Gordon and Bobby Brown, Bobbi Kristina’s father, have been embattled in dispute over his visitation rights to the hospital. Gordon mostly has been letting out his anger and Brown and family on Twitter, trying to win public support for being denied permission to visit his girlfriend.
Brown’s lawyers have clarified the situation, saying Gordon refused to comply to the terms of a hospital visit (terms which include Gordon’s statement of what happened when Brown was found unresponsive in her bathtub).
According to People, a family source says “Foul play is begin investigated. Including drug use and possibly cover up to remove evidence from the crime scene,” with Gordon at the center of the investigation.
It’s speculation that Gordon and Brown possibly had an altercation over an hour before Brown was found unresponsive in her bathtub. Gordon and friend Max Lomas found Brown and called 911, and were administering CPR when first responders arrived.
Bobbi Kristina Brown has been in a medically induced coma ever since.





/n