Houston Teacher Impregnated By 13-Year-Old Student Pleads GUILTY/n
The Houston-based middle school teacher accused of sleeping with a 13-year-old student — and becoming pregnant with his child — has pleaded guilty, RadarOnline has learned.
According to CBS News, Alexandria Vera, 24, pleaded guilty to a lesser charge of aggravated sex assault of a child, after originally facing charges of continuous sex abuse of a child.
“The deal with prosecutors caps any possible prison time at 30 years,” CBS affiliate KHOU reports, “but her lawyer will ask a judge for probation.”
PHOTOS: The Craziest True Crime Cases Of 2016 … So Far!
If she had been convicted under the original charge, Vera could have spent life in prison. The former Thomas J. Stovall Middle School teacher is currently out on bail until her January sentencing.
As Radar previously reported, Vera turned herself in to police in June, confessing that she was in love with the boy, and that they had had sex “on almost a daily basis” during their forbidden romance.
The relationship began last September, when the teen asked for Vera’s Instagram account information. Though she didn’t accept his request to follow her at first, the English teacher reportedly messaged him directly after he didn’t attend class one day.
PHOTOS: Blood, Guts & Gore! The Top 20 Bloodiest Crime Scene Photos Revealed
According to court papers, their interaction soon escalated, as the two exchanged phone numbers and began meeting outside of the classroom.
The boy began staying overnight at Vera’s house, with the 24-year-old introducing him as her little brother to neighbors.
Students were made aware of their fling when the boy allegedly grabbed Vera’s butt during class.
PHOTOS: Crimes Of Passion
“He like grabbed her butt, and everybody saw it,” an anonymous student previously told ABC. “And then they were talking about it.”
Shockingly, the teen’s family was aware of the relationship, and even “very supportive and excited about the baby,” court documents revealed.
Of course, Vera, who is already a mother to a 4-year-old daughter, had an abortion after Children’s Protective Services questioned her about the relationship.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n