*NSYNC Is (Sorta) Having a Reunion, But That’s Not the Only Good News/n





                    Justin Timberlake Explains Why He Left NSYNC
                







It wasn't them, it was him.

 MORE >>





Lance Bass just spilled the beans about some very exciting *NSYNC developments that are coming our way in 2017.

Bass caught up with Entertainment Tonight on Wednesday (Feb. 15, 2017) to discuss how the band will be celebrating their 20th anniversary.
“We’re doing something [special].  I don’t know if I can announce it yet,” Bass said before he, you know, announced it.
“We’re coming out with a really cool vinyl edition of our Christmas album because it’s coming up on the 20 years of that [1998 Home for Christmas] album,” he shared. “And then we’re going to be getting our star on the [Hollywood] Walk of Fame this year at some point.”
Bass confirmed that all of the band members will be there.
“We just have to decide on a date. We’re terrible at planning things,” he said. Same, Lance. Same.
“We’re five guys, so for us to make a decision about anything is really hard, so we just need to do it. So hopefully maybe around Christmas time,” Bass continued. “It’ll be fun to see everybody again.”


Joey and Lance Frolick on the Beach








































6 Photos »


Though the band isn’t seen together as frequently as they used to before going on hiatus in 2002, Bass insists that all of his former band members “talk daily.”
“I would have to shoot you if you saw the stuff we wrote to each other,” he joked of his conversations with Justin Timberlake, Chris Kirkpatrick, Joey Fatone, and JC Chasez. “We bag on each other all day long. We find pictures on Instagram of us from the ’90s and so we’re always giving it to each other.”
“Joey gets a lot of the brunt of our jokes,” Bass added. “I mean, those guys are my brothers and so we act like immature brothers all the time.”
Launch the gallery at the top of the page to see the most joyful photos of Bass and Fatone frolicking together on a beach.

UPDATE: Despite Bass’ comments, the official *NSYNC Twitter refuted the singer’s report that they’ll be reuniting, saying:
We always appreciate the love and excitement from our fans unfortunately Lance’s comments to the press were taken out of context. (1 of 2)
— *NSYNC (@NSYNC) February 17, 2017

When there is real news from *NSYNC you will hear it from all of us.  (2 of 2)
— *NSYNC (@NSYNC) February 17, 2017

/n