2017 SAG Awards Movie Snubs and Surprises: Jessica Chastain, Annette Bening and More Don't Make the Cut For an actor, a SAG Award nomination is considered among the highest honors—after all, they are voted on by the actors themselves.  .../n
For an actor, a SAG Award nomination is considered among the highest honors—after all, they are voted on by the actors themselves. As Common and Sophia Bush read off the list of honorees at this year's ceremony Wednesday morning, stars either woke up to the best news they would hear all day or they hung up the phone with a frown on their face. Unfortunately, there are only so many nominations to go around. While many of the nominees could have been predicted thanks to the Critics' Choice Award and Golden Globe Award nominations that have already been unveiled, there was still room for surprise—and tears. 

"Thank you SAG-AFTRA for recognizing my work twice in categories that aren't supporting or lead, but just actors," This Is Us star Sterling K. Brown said in a tearful speech on Twitter. "I love what I do so much and to be recognized by my peers in this way is very difficult for me to process right now, but also very, very humbling and very, very cool."As emotions ran high Wednesday, other actors had to face the news that they had not made the cut this year, particularly after previous nominations for the same performance. Here's a breakdown of all of the SAG nomination shockers and missed opportunities in the film categories: 

Snub: SilenceAfter earning zero Golden Globe nominations, Martin Scorsese's film didn't earn any SAG Award nods either. Surprise: Emily BluntThe actress' standout performance in the fall thriller, The Girl on the Train, seemed to have been forgotten by the awards season until Blunt was honored with a Female Actor nomination. Snub: Annette BeningThe actress earned Golden Globe and Critics' Choice Award nominations for her role in 20th Century Women, but the film and the star were shut out of the SAG Award nominee pool. 

Snub: Jessica ChastainThe Miss Sloane actress was not mentioned in this year's SAG Award nominees despite earning a Golden Globe nomination for her performance. Snub: Nocturnal AnimalsThe film earned Golden Globe and Critics' Choice nods for Best Supporting Actor for Michael Shannon as well as Best Director and Best Screenplay, but only got one nomination for Outstanding Action Performance by a Stunt Ensemble. 

Snub: LovingJoel Edgerton and Ruth Negga both got Golden Globe and Critics' Choice nods for Best Actor and Best Actress, but did not make the cut for the SAG Awards. 
/n