Is Jennifer Garner Pregnant with Ben Affleck’s Baby Again?/n
It’s that time of the week again when the celebrity weeklies hit the newsstands. To separate what’s real and rumor, we turned to our friends at Gossip Cop for the 411 on this week’s most controversial stories.

Jennifer Garner is “pregnant and alone,” reports OK!, which reveals she’s expecting twins with Ben Affleck, despite filing for divorce earlier this month. The publication notes the pregnancy news has thrown a “bit of a monkey wrench into the situation.” For what this means for Garner and Affleck’s relationship moving forward, see what their friends exclusively tell Gossip Cop.
Jennifer Aniston has “stormed out” on Justin Theroux, reveals Star. The magazine says Theroux gushed over dinner about how “smart and sexy” his The Lego Ninjago Movie co-star Olivia Munn is, prompting Aniston to leave a restaurant “in a huff.” But for what really pushed Aniston to “call it a day” on the marriage, click over to Gossip Cop.
Tom Hiddleston blames Taylor Swift for losing the chance to play James Bond, reveals Star. The publication notes Hiddleston’s “convinced” Swift is the reason why he won’t be replacing Daniel Craig after he was “in talks” to take over the 007 role. For why Hiddleston feels Swift’s the sole reason he lost the coveted part, log on to Gossip Cop.
Brad Pitt has been consulting with plastic surgeons because he believes the stress from his divorce from Angelina Jolie has damaged his looks, reports Life & Style. The magazine notes the actor’s going under the knife for a “post-split nip-tuck,” because he’s upset about certain “sagging” body parts. For what Pitt’s getting done, see what an insider leaks to Gossip Cop.
Megyn Kelly is replacing Matt Lauer, reveals In Touch. The publication says the new NBC colleagues are feuding over their respective roles at the network, and notes Kelly snagged an interview with Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump together that Lauer felt should’ve been his. For the scoop on how nasty this feud’s becoming between Kelly and Lauer, go to Gossip Cop.
/n