American Horror Story: Roanoke's Midseason Twist Finally Revealed — Find Out Who's Playing Who & Who's ALREADY DEAD!/n

American Horror Story: Roanoke finally revealed its major midseason twist… and this time around, things got a bit meta.
While some fans predicted this type of twist at the beginning of the season, we couldn't help but feel satisfied with the narrative curveball of swapping the docuseries format in My Roanoke Nightmare (the first five episodes of the season) for a found footage scarefest a la Paranormal Activity.
Related: Brush Up On Gianni Versace's Murder Before American Crime Story Season 3!
So just what new stories, characters, and deaths did the twist add to the season's already complex storyline in Wednesday's episode?
It all started off with Ryan Murphy patting himself on the back, revealing that the docuseries within the show My Roanoke Nightmare was a huge hit, beating Sunday Night Football, The Walking Dead, and Empire in ratings.

We took a peek behind the curtain like never before and met cutthroat producer Sidney (Cheyenne Jackson), who wanted to capitalize on his show's success with a follow-up series Return To Roanoke: 3 Days In Hell.
In his network pitch, Sidney explained that he wants to put real life Shelby (Lily Rabe), Matt (André Holland), and Lee (Adina Porter), along with the actors who played them, back in the Roanoke house during the Blood Moon. Bad idea, Sidney!
Related: UFO Conspiracy Theorist Found Dead After 'Vomiting Black Liquid'!
While all our faves trapped in one haunted house together under 24-hour hidden camera surveillance is every AHS fan's dream, it was clear this Big Brother-esque production wouldn't end well after a foreboding title card revealed "over the next three days during the Blood Moon, every participant in this series died under mysterious circumstances — except for one."
Ha!
As if that's not intense enough, we learned that some real drama went down since My Roanoke Nightmare aired. Shelby and Matt separated after she had a fling with the actor who portrayed him, Dominic Banks (Cuba Gooding Jr.).
Remorseful speeches, ominous predictions, and fist fights would later ensue between the trio.

On top of that, fans created an online petition to charge Lee with the unsolved murder of her husband Mason, and the actress who played her (Angela Bassett) is now an alcoholic. The Butcher portrayer Agnes Mary Winstead (Kathy Bates) got a little too into her role and was served with a restraining order to stay away from the set due to a theatrical mental breakdown on Hollywood Blvd.
But it's not all bad news, as the actress who played Shelby, Audrey Tindell (Sarah Paulson, now with a pixie haircut and a delightful British accent) became newly engaged to her costar, the free spirited Rory Monnaghan (a red-headed Evan Peters).

After just a few days back on set, the horrors started coming right back — including the death of a crew member and even a deadly cameo from the Piggy Man, who murdered a producer in her car as she tries to flee the set.
In the final scene, the "real" ghosts of murder-nurses Miranda and Bridget showed up to brutally kill Rory, so they could finally spell out their long-awaited "Murder" message. (R is for Rory — who is only the first housemate to kick it in Return to Roanoke.)
Evan Peters dead already?? That was Quicksilver fast! Ha!
It doesn't look like Rory's death will make Sidney's cameras stop rolling, as the confessionals, hookups, and (of course) horrors continue in scenes for next week's episode!
Were YOU satisfied with the big twist?
[Image via FX.]
/n