Princess Stephanie's Daughter Pauline 'Has the Circus Bug' Like Her Mom: 'It's in Their Genes'/n
As Princess Stephanie celebrates the 40th anniversary of the Monte Carlo International Circus Festival in Monaco with a grand gala today, she has a steadfast supporter by her side: her 21-year-old daughter, Pauline Ducruet.  
Like her mom, “Pauline has the circus bug,” says Dr. Alain Frere, who helped inspire Stephanie’s father, Prince Rainier III, to create the Monte Carlo circus in 1974.  
The daughter of Stephanie, 50, and her first husband Daniel Ducruet, 51, Pauline spent a childhood summer working in an elephant act with Swiss Circus Knie.  
“Pauline loves the circus and says she doesn’t understand people who don’t,” says a source. “She loves it for the variety of the shows themselves, the commitment, the passion of the performers.   
The New Generation Festival – now in its fifth season –, “was organized partly to let Pauline learn the ropes,” the source adds. “It was her choice but there’s great complicity between Stephanie and Pauline.   
Princess Stephanie and Pauline Ducruet attend the 40th International Circus Festival on January 17 in Monaco.Palais Princier/Handout/Getty“They share a lot – like friends do,” says the source. “Watch them at the performances. They sit and talk non-stop to one another. They keep a running commentary up on acts, critiquing tricks. If you watch them closely, the even laugh at the same gags. The Grimaldis are a circus family. “It’s in their genes”.  
• Want to keep up with the latest royals coverage? Click here to subscribe to the Royals Newsletter.

Following a four-hour long performance on Sunday evening during the festival, Stephanie and Pauline hosted nearly 1,000 performers, cast members and staff to a late-night supper. They spoke with everyone, hugged friends and laughed at stories before leaving in the early hours.  
Departing, Pauline grabbed a moment to organize one last selfie with her mother and a few out-of-costume clowns.  
“With the passion Pauline has,” says renowned clown Bello Nock, “we’re good around here for another 40 years.”
/n