‘Vampire Diaries’ Season 4 First Look: Elena’s Death Bites (VIDEO)/n





                    'TVD': Is Mystic Falls Safe?
                







Why is new vampire Elena behind bars?

 MORE >>










                    'TVD' Season 3 Bloopers
                







Watch the cast of the hit CW show laugh and dance. 

 MORE >>





 When Elena (Nina Dobrev) asks, “Am I dead?,” in the first trailer for Season 4 The CW’s The Vampire Diaries, our jaws just about hit the floor.
As this new sneak peek is just a snippet of what’s to come, we think it’s safe to say this season of the hit CW show is going to be insanely amazing. (Seriously, we’ve watched this sneak peek about 20 times already!) Not only do we see the beginning of a new chapter for Elena in becoming a vampire but also what her friends are going to try to do to stop it.
As Elena is beginning to transition, what do we see the other residents of Mystic Falls doing?

Elena’s core group of friends will exhaust every possible resource in their attempt to stop her transition to the undead. This includes some dark magic by Bonnie (Kat Graham) with the help of Jeremy (Steven R. Mc Queen), which looks like it may not end well for our favorite witch.


nina dobrev, ian somerhalder and paul wesley at paleyfest








































9 Photos »


Though Damon (Ian Somerhalder) isn’t hopeful anything they do will help her exclaiming, “There is no way out of it. You feed or you die.”
The often softer Salvatore, Stefan (Paul Wesley), attempts to remain supportive telling Elena, “No matter what happens, I am here for you.”
Meanwhile, some other great action takes place with Caroline (Candice Accola) jumping Tyler (Michael Trevino) or should we say Klaus in the woods. We also see what appears to be a car accident with Caroline and another blonde (Claire Holt’s Rebekah perhaps?) in addition to a new character telling Sherriff Forbes (Marguerite MacIntyre) that “we’re making our move.” So much drama in Mystic Falls. We can’t wait.
Season 4 of The Vampire Diaries premieres Thursday, Oct. 11 at 8 PM on The CW.
What do you make of the new trailer? Are you as excited as we are? Sound off in the comments below!

brightcove.createExperiences();

 
/n