London Faces Another Terror Attack As A Van Crashed Into Muslim Worshippers Leaving One Dead & Several Others Injured/n

London is facing another tragedy.
Early on Monday morning, a van drove into a group of pedestrians near the Finsbury Park Mosque in Northern London. Not only were several people left injured due to the attack, but one person has since been confirmed as dead.
Related: DeMario Jackson Believes He Will Be Vindicated
It's said this incident is being treated as a terrorist attack as Deputy Assistant Commissioner Neil Basu noted in a statement: 

"This is being treated as a terrorist attack and the Counter-Terrorism Command is investigating."
The U.K.'s Prime Minister, Theresa May, also referred to the situation in question as a terror attack as she addressed reporters outside Downing Street. May shared in an address to the press:

"This morning, our country woke to news of another terrorist attack on the streets of our capital city: the second this month and every bit as sickening as those which have come before.
It was an attack that once again targeted the ordinary and the innocent going about their daily lives – this time British Muslims as they left a mosque having broken their fast and prayed together at this sacred time of year.
Today we come together - as we have done before – to condemn this act and to state once again that hatred and evil of this kind will never succeed."
Man, oh man.
Reportedly, the attack occurred just after midnight as an unnamed 48-year-old man ran over worshipers as they left the mosque. The suspected culprit was detained thanks to a vigilant group who pummeled the man to the ground as he tried to run from the scene. Witnesses claim that once the man jumped from the vehicle he yelled:

"I'm going to kill all Muslims - I did my bit."
Supposedly, the man asked for the group to "kill" him and even goaded witnesses as he was being arrested by the police. Per reports, the suspect blew kisses at the Ramadan worshippers. It was Imam Mohammed Mahmoud, of the Muslim Welfare House, who kept the crowd in line as he was heard shouting "do not touch him" several times.
Although the police have yet to name the perpetrator, the van used in the strike bears the logo for Pontyclun Van Hire in south Wales. While the police believe the attacker acted alone, there are reports from earlier which state eyewitnesses saw two others flee the scene.
As for the deceased, it's currently unclear if the victim's death was caused by the van assault as officials have noted that the person was receiving first aid when the conflict unfolded.
Unfortunately, this is the fourth attack the U.K. has had to deal with since March. So far, 36 lives have been claimed due to the different acts of violence.
Our thoughts are with the victims, their families, and the city of London during this particularly trying time.
[Image via WENN.]
/n