Nicole Kidman Goes Incognito on the Cover of InStyle's New July Issue
/n
We would say that Nicole Kidman is currently experiencing one hell of a career comeback, except for the fact that she never went anywhere.
In fact, the actress has been going strong ever since she launched her modeling career in the ’80s, posing for some glamour shots as a teen in Dolly magazine. And it’s currently only growing stronger thanks to her captivating and disturbing turn as an abused wife in the mini-series thriller Big Little Lies and her new film, the Cannes Film Festival‘s Best Director prize winner The Beguiled, not to mention her recent reminder of just why she’s considered red carpet royalty, attending the Riviera affair in an array of gorgeous gowns. So it only make sense that at yet another crescendo in her already illustrious career she would also land the honor of July InStyle cover girl.
Kidman appears on the very minimalist cover photographed by Will Davidson wearing only an oversized black turtleneck sweater by Maison Margiela, lampshading like a pro in no pants with the neck pulled up to partially obscure her face. Inside the interview, the actress confesses that while everything about living her A-list life may seem super fancy and luxe, it’s really not all that. “As much as it looks really glitzy, acting is a job for me,” Kidman says, “I’m not a celebrity who’s going to go out just because. That’s not my nature.”
Will Davidson/InStyle
RELATED PHOTOS: Nicole Kidman Has Been Dominating Cannes Film Festival Style Since 1992 — and Here Are the Pictures to Prove It

But just because she doesn’t identify with all of the glamour tied to her lifestyle doesn’t mean she isn’t totally onboard for all of the swoon-worthy red carpet gowns that come with it.
Will Davidson/InStyle
Explaining her fascination with style, Kidman says, “There are dreams attached to fashion. When it’s presented in a way where you go [gasp], it just makes you feel good. It allows me to express what I’m feeling, as in, I want to wear that because that’s actually my rebellion right now. Or that’s my way of fitting in. Or it’s my way of saying no. Or it’s my way of saying I’m different.” And looking back on her elegant, show-stealing turns on the Cannes red carpet over the past 25 years, there’s no doubt about it that if there’s one things Nicole’s gowns succeed at, it’s making everyone gasp.
What do you think of Nicole’s new InStyle cover? Sound off below!
/n