‘Gossip Girl’ Series Finale Recap: The Final XOXO Is a Perfect Score/n





                    'Gossip Girl' Walking Tour
                







Revisit the hottest hookups of the series.

 MORE >>










                    'gossip girl':  the end
                







Read the recap of the penultimate episode.

 MORE >>





 It was an episode of television that I was dreading, but also counting down the hours for: the very last of The CW’s Gossip Girl. For six years, we’ve been immersed in the world of these Upper East Siders.
We watched them love, hate, scheme, backstab, travel, dabble in fashion, hook up with cougars, sell each other for hotels, think they murdered someone, go by a fake identity, marry and divorce royalty… the list goes on and on. On Monday’s episode, we said goodbye in a perfect, yet surreal series finale.
Note: MAJOR spoilers ahead if you haven’t watched Monday’s episode, “New York, I Love You, XOXO.”
Where do I even begin? Bart Bass (Robert Burke) is dead and Chuck (Ed Westwick) and Blair (Leighton Meester) are wanted for questioning. They escape to an inn in upstate New York where Jack Bass (Desmond Harrington) finds them, because of that one time he put a tracking device on Chuck’s limo when they were fighting. Obviously.
“Blair, you can come on out! Uncle Jack’s here to help.” My my, Uncle Jack you’ve been missed. His delivery has always been so on point and perfect. Like, oh, by the way, Bart’s dead. No big deal. In a smart but semi-obvious move, Jack suggests that Blair and Chuck get married so Blair doesn’t have to testify against Chuck under spousal privilege.
 

revisit 'gossip girl's' most fashionable moments








































31 Photos »



Chuck didn’t kill Bart; he just didn’t save his life either. Truthfully, someone just needed a damn reason for these two to finally get hitched. That gorgeous Harry Winston didn’t belong on a necklace, it belonged on her finger. In a last ditch effort with the people they loved, Chuck and Blair returned to Manhattan and got married surrounded by their loved ones at an epic NYC landmark, the Bethesda Fountain.
Meanwhile, Serena (Blake Lively) lost her Lily (Kelly Rutherford) uniform and private jet once she found the special package Dan (Penn Badgley) left in her suitcase. She went from a mature lady with a cape coat and a bun to long tresses, cleavage and studded Louboutins as she raced back to her first love, Dan Humphrey, to find out the truth once and for all.
Since the two were interrupted in order to attend the Waldorf/Bass nuptials, Dan took a different route in revealing his truth, the final chapter of “Inside Out.” In a move far more Rufus (Matthew Settle) than Bart, Dan screwed Vanity Fair and gave his final chapter, which revealed Gossip Girl, to his old pal Nate (Chace Crawford). Although Dan’s move was altruistic and made me happy, I don’t know anyone in New York who would screw over Graydon Carter and live to tell about it. But here goes: Dan is Gossip Girl.
 

inside 'gg's' final wrap party








































9 Photos »



If you’ve been following speculation and collecting spoilers, it was obvious that it was leaning towards Dan or at least someone in his family. The reasons are too long to list. His voiceover that revealed him as the modern male Edith Wharton was brilliant. I’m sure there are a ton of people who were pissed, but when you have that big of a reveal you will never be able to please your entire audience.
As Chuck asked Blair at the end, “Is your life really ruined?” No, everything ended up exactly as it should be. Personally I thought it all wrapped up perfectly. I’ve watched this episode, particularly the flash-forward, multiple times now. The guest stars were incredible, beloved couples ended up together, and Nate ended up being a sexy bachelor a la JFK Jr. running his own paper.
If I could’ve wished for anything different, it would’ve been more time in the flash-forward. I wanted to see Blair and Chuck playing with their son, to hear what Dan and Serena were up to for the five years we didn’t see. I wanted Eric and Jenny to have more lines. I wanted to see how Georgina/Jack, Rufus/Lisa Loeb, and Lily/William all ended up together. By the way, how did it take Georgina and Jack this long to meet and end up together? They are actually perfect for one another; that could’ve been my favorite coupling!
 

inside 'gg's' final wrap party








































9 Photos »



In the end, Lonely Boy married the Golden Girl and proved that with some brains and balls, any outsider could infiltrate the old world of Manhattan’s elite. The right people will end up together eventually. And last, but of course not least, using the song from the Sex and the Cityseries finale will automatically pull on some heartstrings. XOXO.
Buzz Moments
OMG: Dan was Gossip Girl. Wow.
Thank you, TV gods.: Chuck and Blair FINALLY got married! Bonnie and Clyde, Chuck and B, holla.
Awk-ward: William’s diss to Ivy that she’s just a Lifetime movie.
Hotness: The palpable chemistry between Georgina and Jack when they first met. Nate stepping off that plane in a power suit. Chuck and Blair’s old Hollywood kiss. Serena getting married in a dress that had a nod to her gold Cotillion gown. “You’ve Got The Love” as the final song.
Fab-u-lous: Every single cameo including NYC’s very own Mayor Bloomberg, Rachel Bilson, Kristen Bell, Lola, Agnes, Juliet, and Lonely Boy’s ex-bff Vanessa.
Can.Not.Wait.: To see all the bonus stuff on the DVDs!
Celebuzz Meter (1-10): An enthusiastic 10. Everything felt like it got wrapped up perfectly.
– Leigh Raines
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n