Billy Bush Finds A Friend In Brooke Burke-Charvet: 'I Have Great Sympathy For Billy'/n

Nobody puts BB in a corner.
Billy Bush is currently experiencing the proverbial rock bottom of his career, but not everyone in Hollywood is vilifying the TV personality for his role in Donald Trump's latest sexism scandal.
As you've surely heard by now, audio from a 2005 Access Hollywood interview leaked on Friday, clearly detailing the former Celebrity Apprentice host and soon-to-be former TODAY Show host degrading women with their "Grab them by the P*ssy" locker room talk.
Related: NBC Has Already Replaced Billy Bush With Carson Daly
While Billy's coworkers remain pretty divided on the subject — Tamron Hall, Al Roker, Matt Lauer, and Nancy O'Dell are decidedly anti-Bush with Kit Hoover and Natalie Morales staying more neutral — fellow TV presenter Brooke Burke-Charvet is actually sympathetic to his situation!
Speaking to PEOPLE on Tuesday, the former Dancing with the Stars host defended Billy's blunder as an understandable mistake, saying: 

"I have great sympathy for Billy because I've had to wear a microphone for 12 hours a day on shows. You go to the bathroom and you are mic'd. So, kind of in his defense, there is a lot of stuff that goes on behind the scenes. Quite honestly, sometimes you're trying to just roll through a conversation without any commitments to it.
I feel for Billy now because I know how much is captured and how many people are really listening when you are on a set and you have a microphone on. I don't think America probably understands that there are a lot of inappropriate conversations that happen all the time.
I feel for him. He just moved his family to New York for the TODAY job. That's a big deal. Now what is he supposed to do?"
While that's very true about Billy's wife Sydney Davis and three daughters Josie, Mary, and Lillie being innocent victims in all this… but they're victims of their breadwinner's gross behavior and poor judgment.
As a family man, he should have had better sense than the sexist, racist Republican.
Related: NBC Is Allegedly Already Negotiating Billy Bush's Exit!
Coincidentally, Brooke will be starring on Arnold Schwarzenegger's New Celebrity Apprentice this January. So all new opportunities for inappropriate conversations while mic'd.
Do U think Billy has any other supporters in Hollywood??
[Image via WENN.]
/n