Jimmy Fallon's Childhood Halloween Costume as Pee Wee Herman Is Perfect You know what's cuter than young Jimmy Fallon? Young Jimmy Fallon dressed up as Pee Wee Herman. The late-night talk show host shared a precious throwback photo.../n
You know what's cuter than young Jimmy Fallon? Young Jimmy Fallon dressed up as Pee Wee Herman.The late-night talk show host shared a precious throwback photo of himself as a kid dressed up as Paul Reubens famous movie character for Halloween. And there's a funny coincidence in the snapshot. "#TBH Throwback Halloween. Me as Pee Wee. (Notice the bandaged finger. Some things never change.)," he captioned the pic.Fallon is, of course, referring to being hospitalized Saturday after injuring his right hand during a fall at Harvard University. His recent wound follows an injury to his left hand in June that required surgery. Basically, we've learned that Jimmy Fallon has injured his hands pretty much all his life (#funfact).



Jay Connor, PacificCoastNews

Little Fallon dressed up in a gray suit and yellow button-down with a pink bow tie. A little change of color from the original suit worn by Pee Wee Herman, but maybe Fallon's is inspired by Easter or something. The best part, though, is knowing Fallon's personality, you can probably bet that he was in character all day.The Harvard Lampoon inductee recently explained the scenario that caused his injury, and apparently there was enough gore to make it a good Halloween story."Apparently some girl was going to kneel down to give me a flower or something. So, she knelt down, I didn't see her, and I was like…" Jimmy said, reenacting this fall for the studio audience. "This hand is already gone, so I threw the bottle and then I just landed on broken glass. Oh, yeah! Pools of blood everywhere."Ahh! But apparently, it wasn't as bad as it sounds."It turns out it wasn't that bad. But anyways, I took more pictures with my hand in my pocket. Then I went inside and I looked at it...The EMT said, 'You should probably go to the hospital, see if there's any glass in it.' So, I went to the hospital—I'm so used to going to the hospital now—that I'm like, 'This is kind of fun.' I went in and everything's all right and all great. So, a couple Band-Aids. I want to let everyone know I'm fine."Well, at least you can always re-create that childhood costume this year, Jimmy!
/n