Utah Is Enforcing Its Ban On Porn With 'URL', The First Porn-Sniffing Dog! Yes, Really!/n

Utah sure is one interesting place.
The Beehive state has previously declared pornography a "public health hazard," and now the government is seeing to it that they do something about it by sniffing out all that porn in their state — with a porn-sniffing dog!
Related: California Proposes Law That Would Require Porn Actors To Wear Condoms!
URL (pronounced "Earl") is a beautiful black lab rescued from a shelter as a puppy that went through six months of training in Indiana specifically to sniff out porn — and now the good dog is in Utah working against smut!
The 16-month-old dog has been trained to use its highly sensitive nose to sniff out unique chemical components of tech items that have been known to carry pornography — thumb drives, cell phones, tablets, and the like.
According to a release from the Weber County Sheriff's Office, URL will be used for quite a bit of technological detection crimes around the county: 

"Specially trained to sniff out electronic storage devices such as thumb drives, cellphones, SIM cards, SD cards, external hard drives, tablets and iPads, URL offers a unique set of skills to aid investigators in fighting crime. Whether it's child porn, terrorism intelligence, narcotics or financial crimes information, URL has the ability to find evidence hidden on basically any electronic memory device. He will assist our investigators on these specific types of cases, and he will also be used in our correctional facility to seek out contraband such as cell phones."
Crazy — cool that the dog is so talented, but come on… this is SO. WEIRD.
There is a good aspect to this… URL was trained by the same owner in Indiana who worked with Bear, the dog that busted ex-Subway frontman Jared Fogle on child porn charges by finding a hidden thumb drive packed with porno!
Certainly anything that goes after guys looking at child porn is a movement we can get behind.
But just be aware, this isn't only about child porn — this all stems from Utah Senator Todd Weiler's proposal back in May that requires Internet providers to block ALL X-rated content all throughout the state.
All porn is bad in Utah.
No more PornHub for Utahns now — and if you do, URL might go to you!
[Image via Weber County Sheriff's Office/Facebook.]
/n