Gordon Ramsay Is 'Definitely' NOT Leaving His Fortune To His Four Children!/n

What's the point of being a celebrity kid if you don't get the perks OR the fortune?!
We kid, we kid!
Gordon Ramsay has worked hard to get to where he is in his career — and he wants to teach his kids the same work ethic!
In an effort to not spoil the four teenagers he shares with wife Tana — Holly, Matilda, Megan, and Jack — the famous chef says they aren't allowed to sit in first class, spend all of their parents' money, or receive Ramsay's multi-million dollar fortune.
Dang, dad!
Related: Scarlett Johansson Has TWO Celebrity Crushes
Speaking on the money he'll eventually leave behind, the 50-year-old revealed to The Telegraph: 
"It's definitely not going to them, and that's not in a mean way; it's to not spoil them. The only thing I've agreed with Tana is they get a 25% deposit on a flat, but not the whole flat."
And unlike other celebs' children, these four are definitely getting a taste of the real world, even when it comes to traveling:
"They don't sit with us in first class. They haven't worked anywhere near hard enough to afford that. At that age, at that size, you're telling me they need to sit in first class? No, they do not. We're really strict on that. I turn left with Tana and they turn right and I say to the chief stewardess, ‘Make sure those little fuckers don't come anywhere near us, I want to sleep on this plane.' I worked my fucking arse off to sit that close to the pilot and you appreciate it more when you've grafted for it."
The TV personality went on to explain his strict parenting technique:
"They have a completely different life than I did growing up. I worked my arse off to get out of the shit mess that I grew up in and they're grateful, they're not spoiled."
With that said, here's what they are given in an allowance:
"Meg's at uni and has a budget of £100 a week; the others get about £50 a week and they have to pay for their own phones, their bus fare. The earlier you give them that responsibility to save for their own trainers and jeans, the better."
Seems fair!
Thoughts???
[Image via Instagram.]
/n