High Times! Kim Caught Sucking On Pipe Shaft In Secret Party Den/n
Kim Kardashian gulps down clouds of smoke from a suspicious cigarette and happily sucks on a pipe in a shocking never-before-seen home movie exclusively obtained by RadarOnline.com. Watch how she REALLY gets down on camera when Kris Jenner isn’t the one doing the editing!
Kardashian has always claimed to be the straight-edged KUWTK sister, insisting, “I’ve never gotten into drugs.” But a video filmed during her 23rd birthday getaway with then-boyfriend Ray J shows she wasn’t always above a good party.
Filmed in October 2003, during the same Cabo San Lucas vacation that saw the filming of the couple’s infamous sex tape, this clip reveals Kardashian at her wildest ever – long before she’d become a mom, mogul, and wife to Kanye West. 
PHOTOS: Kim Kardashian Reveals 10 Of Her Naughtiest Sex Secrets
The footage begins with Kardashian giggling as Ray J presents her with a pipe – in the shape of male genitalia!
Bragging that she bought several from local vendors for souvenirs, Kardashian says, “Nice pipe, huh?” placing the item at her boyfriend’s crotch.
Leaning down to put her lips around it as Ray J holds it as his crotch, she giggles as he commands, “Smoke it.”
The pipe is not filled or lit. But later, Kardashian doesn’t hesitate to inhale.
PHOTOS: Kim Kardashian’s 31 Most Embarrassing Wardrobe Malfunctions Ever
“Wanna hit this, Kimberly?” Ray, then 22, asks, holding out a lit, suspicious-looking cigarette to the future reality star.
“Actually I do!” she yelps, leaning over to seductively suck a cloud of smoke out of his mouth.
“No more for you,” Ray J warns after her puff. “You’re gonna be trippin’ now!”
Kardashian whines, “But I want one more!” and Ray J eventually gives in, offering her one more smoky kiss.
Kardashian happily skips out of the frame, ready for the couple’s next adventure.
But that’s not all her boyfriend caught on tape. Stay with Radar for the most shocking unseen footage from her wildest vacation ever!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n