Kendall Jenner Goes Out with Jordan Clarkson and Chandler Parsons on the Same Night/n





                    Kendall Jenner and A$AP Rocky Spark Dating Rumors Again
                







Are they or aren't they?

 MORE >>










                    Kendall Jenner and A$AP Rocky Spark Romance Rumors
                







Is this a date?

 MORE >>





Amid reports that she’s getting hot and heavy with Jordan Clarkson, Kendall Jenner ignited more romance rumors when she was seen spending a night out with Chandler Parsons, the 28-year-old basketball player she was briefly linked to back in 2014.

After the two were photographed at a Bentley dealership in Beverly Hills earlier this week, Jenner was spotted sitting courtside at the Staples Center with BFF Hailey Baldwin to watch Chandler’s team, the Memphis Grizzlies, take on the Los Angeles Lakers on Tuesday (Jan. 3, 2016).
Later that night, Jenner and Chandler made a rendezvous at celebrity hotspot Craig’s before meeting up again at West Hollywood’s Delilah. Perhaps trying to dodge prying eyes, the twosome eventually ended their night around town at 1OAK LA, where they continued to hang out.


Kendall Jenner Enjoys a Night Out with Chandler Parsons








































6 Photos »


Although it may seem that Jenner is rekindling her alleged fling with Parsons, an insider told Celebuzz that it was actually Clarkson that the 21-year-old model was into the entire night. Clarkson, who’s been rumored to be dating Jenner since April, was also at the nightclub — and that’s where things got interesting.
“Kendall was more with Jordan than Chandler the whole night,” an eyewitness told us, which would explain why Jenner was really at the basketball game earlier that night. (Clarkson’s team was playing against Chandler’s.)
On New Year’s Eve, Jenner and Clarkson spent the night together partying with friends at The Nice Guy. The couple were later seen sharing a kiss when the clock struck midnight.



A video posted by The Shade Room (@theshaderoom) on Jan 2, 2017 at 6:40pm PST



Seriously though, we’re having a hard time keeping up with these supposed boyfriends.
/n