Is Jennifer Lopez Dating Alex Rodriguez?/n





                    Marc Anthony Is Reportedly ‘Still in Love’ with Jennifer Lopez 
                







Is a reconciliation in the works?

 MORE >>










                    Drake and Jennifer Lopez Are Basically Over
                







(Fake) love is dead.

 MORE >>





Drake, who?

Romance rumors are swirling again for Jennifer Lopez after word spread that the “Ain’t Your Mama” singer is dating baseball player Alex Rodriguez.
“They’ve been quietly dating for a couple months,” the insider details to LoveBScott.com, explaining that J.Lo called things off with Drizzy after hearing rumors that he was hooking up with adult film star Rosee Divine on the side. “[They] haven’t gone public yet, but I can confirm this is absolutely true.”
The source adds, “He was with her in Vegas during this latest leg of her Planet Hollywood Vegas show. They were all coupled up behind the scenes, not public, but absolutely not hiding their relationship around close friends and family. It is definitely for real.”


jennifer Lopez Kicks Off Her 'All I Have' Vegas show








































9 Photos »


An insider also tells Page Six that the new couple “are really into each other because they have so much in common — from their Latin roots, to their love of New York, and their kids.”
The powerhouse duo have two children each from their past respective marriages. Lopez share 9-year-old twins Max and Emme with Marc Anthony, while Rodriguez is the dad to daughters Natasha, 12, and Ella, 8.
A-Rod was previously linked to Kate Hudson, Cameron Diaz, Madonna and WWE star Torrie Wilson. The 41-year-old athlete was married to Cynthia Scurtis for six years before separating in 2008.
As reported, Lopez’s relationship with Drake ended in early February just after two months of dating. Though things looked to be serious when the 47-year-old introduced the Canadian rapper to her children, the romance reportedly fizzled out due to their hectic work schedules.


Jennifer Lopez's Dating History








































7 Photos »


/n