'RHOA' Rampage: Apollo Nida Threatens Phaedra Parks Before Reporting To Prison/n
On Sunday night’s edition of the Real Housewives of Atlanta, Apollo Nida and Phaedra Parks had a blowout fight — and he even grabbed her arm — before he reported to prison.
The conflict — based on Apollo’s suspicion of an affair — grew so heated that Phaedra even considered calling the cops.
As RadarOnline.com previously reported, Nida was outraged when he believed Parks was two-timing him with an African man called Chocolate.
PHOTOS: Gone With The Wind Hot Mess? Kenya Moore’s 13 Wildest Secrets & Scandals Revealed 854283
Nida complained to pal Peter Thomas (Cynthia Bailey‘s husband) that Parks had written naughty text messages to the man telling him Nida would be in prison, such as, “This time next week, I’m off the plantation.”
Also, “She says [to him,] ‘Will you be my daddy?'” Nida groused to Peter, fuming that “people kill people over sh*t like this,” and although Thomas warned him not to lose his head, Nida wondered to Bravo’s cameras, “What if I just snapped?”
Later, the time finally arrived when Nida was supposed to report to prison in Kentucky.
PHOTOS: The 14 Most Outrageous ‘Real Housewives Of Atlanta’ Secrets & Scandals
As Radar readers know, Nida had earlier pleaded guilty to bank fraud and identity theft and was sentenced to eight years in prison.
Parks — whose mother Pastor Regina had urged her to flee after Nida had allegedly threatened to burn their house down — returned home after hiding out at a resort with their sons Ayden, 4, and Dylan, 18 months.
Watch the video on RadarOnline.com

The attorney assumed Nida was already in prison as she checked each room in the home to make sure he hadn’t done any damage.
“It’s been like ‘Nightmare on Elm Street,'” Parks sighed to her assistant about Nida’s erratic behavior.
PHOTOS: Top Earning Real Housewives
She also had called in a locksmith to change the locks to the house, and a garage door repairman to change the codes.
“I’m glad it’s coming to an end,” she told her assistant about the ordeal. “I need to get some peace of mind and some rest.”
But to her dismay, Nida suddenly roared up in his car, and predictably, hit the roof about her changing the locks.
PHOTOS: Real Housewives, Real Scandals: 28 Of The Biggest Scandals To Hit The Bravo Franchise
“That is crazy! Why would you lock me out of my own house?” he shouted.
“You think we need to call the police?” Parks’ assistant asked nervously, as Nida went on an expletive-laden rampage through the house.
“Not yet,” Parks mumbled.
She then told the cameras he was supposed to be in custody several hours before, “But because it is Apollo, I’m not shocked he’s on the lam.
PHOTOS: Punches! Hair Pulling & Drunken Battles! The 13 Nastiest Fights EVER On Real Housewives
“Luckily our children are with my mom, safe.”
Nida accused her of the affair, commenting, “Your boyfriend has clothes here,” as Parks told the cameras he’d lost his mind.
The legal eagle has previously denied to Ellen DeGeneres that she had an affair.
When Nida asked if she was going to call the police on him, Parks said she wouldn’t.
PHOTOS: ‘You Gotta Lie!’ Teresa And Joe Giudice’s 30 Most Shocking Quotes About Their Fraud Charges & Financial Issues
After she explained to Nida she was changing the locks for her safety, he raged, “I built this whole mother*cking house! You want to talk sh*t to me?”
Parks told Nida’s friend Bun to come get him. When Bun told Parks he just wanted to see the kids, she claimed he’d already done so.
Nida then shouted about his prison situation, “I have 72 hours to report!”
In confessional, Parks explained that Nida had even botched his last conversation with son Ayden.
PHOTOS: The Housewives Curse! 20 Couples Whose Marriages Exploded After Going On The Bravo Show
“Apollo saw our children last night for several hours and sent Ayden into hysterics and tears by telling him that he was going to prison and the police officers were going to take him away, and he made Ayden believe that they were going to kill him,” Parks moaned.
Nida left in his car — but then, drove back and shouted, “Stop f*cking playing me, Phaedra!”
He grabbed Parks’ arm and she flinched, saying, “Please go away.”
He whispered to her, “Do not call the police.”
PHOTOS: Sonjaisms! 25 Silly Sonja Morgan Sayings From ‘RHONY’
Nida warned her not to use his stuff, but Parks said she might not be there when he got out of prison.
Nida raged, “You’re leaving me? You always left me! You left me for my sentencing, you left me when I was supposed to report!”
Parks said she’d prayed for him.
“You’re praying for me?” fiery Nida said. “You should! You took everything from me!”
Finally, Nida sped away in his car.
PHOTOS; Scandalous To The End! The 10 Biggest Controversies Of Teresa Giudice’s Final Weeks Of Freedom
Also on the episode, viewers saw Kandi Burruss and her husband Todd Tucker preparing to visit Los Angeles so she could act in the TV movie Second Chance Christmas.
But Burruss was worried because he wanted to stay longer to party with his guy friends. When she returned alone to Atlanta, Burruss, who wants to have a baby, confided in her assistant Carmon Cambrice that her sex life with Tucker had already hit the skids.
“We may do it once a week,” she shrugged. “It ain’t my fault.”
Burruss also told Carmon what little sex they had, she had to initiate.
In confessional, the singer commented that they weren’t going to conceive having sex so infrequently.
“It seems like somebody’s cheating,” she told a shocked Carmon about Tucker, but then she sighed, “He claims that’s not it.”
Burruss thought they should have marriage counseling.
The Real Housewives of Atlanta airs Sundays at 8/7c on Bravo. /n