EXCLUSIVE! Ashton Kutcher and Mila Kunis Reunite With Princess Beatrice in New York City—See the Pic Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher seemed like they had quite the down-to-earth weekend in New York City while celebrating Mila's 32nd birth.../n
Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher seemed like they had quite the down-to-earth weekend in New York City while celebrating Mila's 32nd birthday.The newlyweds reunited with their longtime friends Princess Beatrice and her boyfriend Dave Clark, and the four even shared an Uber while out and about in the city.Their Uber driver, David Capellan tells E! News that the group was all very humble and nice, and that they all had a great time chatting during their drive together. Capellan shared a photo of the couples on Instagram. In the pic, Clark is seen sitting shotgun, while Mila and Beatrice smile next to Ashton in the backseat. According to Capellan, the group shared some laughs while discussing yachts. Princess Beatrice mentioned her time on Oprah Winfrey's mega yacht, while Ashton and Mila also gave their own funny takes on their experiences at sea. "They were pretty hilarious," Capellan said.Sounds like a ride we wish we were a part of.

The couple were also spotted out over the birthday weekend getting yogurt while strolling around Manhattan's Upper West Side with daughter Wyatt, and then stopped off later for burgers, People reports.Having a low-key birthday weekend doesn't sound that out of the norm for the couple. Last month for their honeymoon, the couple and their daughter enjoyed an RV trip up the California coast, stopping by a Mexican restaurant and doing some wine tasting. 

We caught up with Mila and Ashton's That '70s Show co-star Topher Grace a few days ago at the Hollywood Foreign Press Association's grants banquet and he told E! News, "It's the greatest thing that ever happened," regarding the duo getting married. "It's like two of your great friends from high school got together after high school and had a baby. And they're such a lovely couple."Grace added, "They're the greatest. I love those guys. It's great to know they're together. You want to all stay together when you're on a show like that...They get to stay together forever."
/n