Blake Lively Originally Selected 256 Outfits for Her ‘Age of Adaline’ Press Tour/n
Blake Lively may have made her exceptionally fashionable press tour last week look effortless, but it wasn’t as easy as you’d assume.






                    Blake Lively's Concerning Boobs
                







Blake Lively is worried about her boobs fitting her fashion sense.

 MORE >>





The 27-year-old admits she originally picked out over 500 outfits for her tour and ended up choosing 256 looks to try on for the whirlwind week promoting Age of Adaline.
“Once upon a time, this was supposed to be a two-week press trip,” Lively tells People magazine. “But then life happened, and I had a baby, and suddenly I needed to condense two weeks of promotional appearances into two days. Seriously: two days. So I changed the timeline, just not the wardrobe.”


Blake Lively Wears Nine Outfits in One Day








































9 Photos »


As we saw, the actress ended up fitting two weeks worth of outfit changes — and $10 million worth of jewelry — into one, wearing two ensembles on Sunday, 11 on Wednesday, three on Thursday and three more over the weekend.
So how does one do this without a stylist? Basically, it took Lively two months worth of planning.
“I started planning for this back in February,” she explains. “I selected easily over 500 looks from Style.com, various runways and even some past collections. I wound up calling in 256 outfits. If I had a stylist I’d just book one whole day of fittings, but instead I had to cram it in wherever I could. And in the end, I couldn’t even do all of it.”


Lively at the 'Age of Adeline' Premiere








































12 Photos »


Instead she enlisted the help of her older sister Robyn Lively, 43. “My sister is the same size as I am, so I said to her: ‘Okay, you’re my fit model now! You try on half, and I’ll try on half! Go!’ If it looked good on her, I just assumed it would look good on me. So some of the stuff I’d never even really tried on myself!”
All in all, Lively wound up with 20 incredible looks we still can’t stop gushing over.
Launch the gallery above to see more!

/n