 Javi Marroquin Reveals He Has A New Girlfriend After Kailyn Divorce: 'It Feels Right'.../n
Javi Marroquin has been looking for love ever since his nasty split from ex-wife Kailyn Lowry – and he’s finally found it! The Teen Mom 2 dad exclusively revealed to RadarOnline.com that he’s in a new relationship.
“She’s my girlfriend,” he said of new love Lauren Comeau. “We met at one of our best friend’s weddings. She was the maid of honor.”
Although their relationship is “fairly new,” Marroquin, 24, reveals that it “doesn’t feel that way.”
PHOTOS: 13 Reasons Kailyn Lowry & Javi Marroquin Ended Their Rocky Marriage
“This one feels right,” he confessed. “We decided we’d give it a try officially at the wedding this past weekend.”
Marroquin explained that Comeau has yet to meet his ex-wife Lowry and their son Lincoln, 3.
“I don’t want to make the same mistakes with prior girls I met,” he said. “But soon.”
PHOTOS: Hell On Wheels! Kailyn Lowry Busted For Driving Wrong Way & More Dangerous Violations
The TM2 star debuted his new love on Instagram with a sweet snap.
“Sometimes I wish I can go back in life, not to change s**t just to feel a couple things twice,” he captioned the photo.





 Sometimes I wish I can go back in life, not to change sh** just to feel a couple things twice
A post shared by Javi Marroquin (@javim9) on Jul 3, 2017 at 5:32pm PDT



Marroquin split from Lowry, who is weeks away from giving birth with her third baby daddy, ex-boyfriend Chris Lopez, in May 2016 after nearly four years of marriage.
Since his divorce, he’s dated friends Nancy Gisell and Cassie Bucka.
He was also in a high-profile relationship with The Real World: Skeletons star Madison Channing Walls.
PHOTOS: Javi Marroquin Moves Out Of Home With Estranged Wife Kailyn Lowry
They called it quits after only two weeks of dating after Radar exposed her dark past.
Channing Walls, who admitted to being a former heroin addict, was arrested in May 2013 for attempted theft from a CVS. During the arrest, police found narcotic paraphernalia.
She pled guilty to the misdemeanor, and was ordered to pay $220 in fines and court costs.
PHOTOS: He Has a Type! Javi Marroquin Caught On Camera Flirting With Kailyn Lowry Lookalike
Do you think this relationship will last? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n