 Kardashian Sisters Hit A New Low With 'Privates Smelling Contest' — You Have To See.../n
On Sunday’s Kourtney and Kim Take Miami, Kim Kardashian and Kourtney take things to a whole new reality TV low after they clash over a question we’re sure has been on the forefront of everyone’s minds …
WARNING: Content of post is explicit — and will likely make you feel at least slightly uncomfortable — proceed at your own risk!
Who has the better-smelling private parts?
PHOTOS: Kourtney Kardashian Wears A Turban In Miami
Yep. Really.
Thankfully, little sister Khloe is on hand to officiate over this vital matter and we soon learn the answer.
It all starts after Khloe drops a tidbit that pineapples help a woman’s private parts take on a “sweeter” odor, which leads her sisters into a spirited debate about whose “bits” have the better smell: Kourtney, the mother-of-two, or Kim, who was with high-profile studs like Reggie Bush, Kris Humphries, Miles Austin, and of course, Ray-J, before getting pregnant with Kanye West‘s baby.
PHOTOS: Kim Kardashian Channels Sophia Loren
Testing the theory, the sisters drink pineapple juice to prepare for the compelling conclusion to the sibling sniff-out of the century.
Still with us?
“If I’m going to win this I need to get as much pineapple juice as I can … it makes the vag smell good,” Kourtney declares.
EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: Kardashian Kids Never-Before-Seen Childhood Photos 
“Kourtney seems very competitive about her vagina,” Kim notes. “I don’t know why Kourtney is challenging me — but she will lose!”
As for the judging honors, the task went to the (lucky) person who was deemed to be the most impartial: Khloe — of course!
Thankfully, to avoid yet another Kardashian sex tape-type leak, Kim and Kourtney used cloth napkins smeared with the musk of each other for Khloe to judge.
PHOTOS: Reality TV’s Top Families
“Do I want to be the judge of the pineapple p***y?” Khloe rhetorically asks. “Not really, but we’re sisters … if I can’t smell their p***ies, what else am I supposed to do?”
When it comes time to judge, Khloe decides that Kourtney’s scent “was like a tropical island,” and likens Kim’s to “a flower p***y.”
STILL with us?!!!
PHOTOS: Kim Kardashian’s Steamy Photo Shoot
If so, you obviously are dying to know – and the winner is …
“Honestly, I will say that Kim’s p**** smells the best – she’s the kitty winner,” Khloe rules.
Kourtney doesn’t seem too fazed by the loss though, “If Kim needs to think she’s won, then fine, I’ll let her think that – but we all know whose vagina is the sweetest of them all,” she vows.
PHOTOS: Kim & Kanye Illuminate The City Of Light
The world can sleep easier at night now…..
Kourtney and Kim Take Miami airs Sundays on E! at 9/8c.
 /n