Allison Williams as Catherine Deneuve, Nicole Kidman as Grace Kelly: Style Icons and the Stars that Play Them (PHOTOS)/n





                    Style Icons
                







The women who changed the way we dress.

 MORE >>










                    Nicole Mirrors Grace Kelly
                







New photos from Kidman's new biopic as Grace Kelly.

 MORE >>





 We’ve all dreamed of taking a walk in our style icon’s glamorous shoes. And who hasn’t channeled their fashion idol before, or borrowed a note from their style book? But, outside of Halloween, few of us get to dress the part, head to toe.
So its no surprise that stylish stars like Katie Holmes, Nicole Kidman, and Allison Williams, jumped at the chance to play some of fashions most famous faces, whether for magazines or movies.
This wave of sartorial nostalgia sweeping through Hollywood has inspired our latest Fashion Flashback: We’re taking a look at all the lucky leading ladies who’ve gotten to dress up as some of fashion’s most iconic women.

Let’s start with the ultimate dress-up fantasies: Holmes scored the role of a fashionista’s lifetime when she played Jackie Kennedy in the TV miniseries The Kennedys, and French actress Audrey Tautou caused major Chanel-envy when she was cast as the legendary designer Coco Chanel in the film Coco Before Chanel.
Then there were the stars who got to play their own fashion idols…
 

women who changed the way we dress








































25 Photos »


Sienna Miller chopped her boho waves and switched up her style to play her fashion icon Edie Sedgwick in Factory Girl, and Lindsay Lohan didn’t hesitate to throw on a black wig (and lot’s of jewels) to play her idol Elizabeth Taylor in Lifetime’s Liz and Dick.
Playing the part of fashion royalty, Aussie besties Nicole Kidman and Naomi Watts have both transformed into posh princesses of the past for upcoming roles. A style icon herself, Kidman was an easy choice to play actress-turned-princess Grace Kelly, while it’s eerie how much Watts resembled the late Princess Diana while filming scenes for an upcoming movie on the Princess of Wales.
 

nicole kidman as grace kelly








































9 Photos »



Even fashion icon-in-training Williams has gotten a chance to play dress up in a fashion legend’s closet. The Girls star channeled Catherine Deneuve’s sultry sophistication for the most recent issue of Page Six Magazine.
Check out more stars who’ve dressed the part of fashion’s most iconic faces in our gallery.
Which fashion legend would you want to play? For our fashion editor, it’s fellow blonde and ’90s style icon Carolyn Bessette Kennedy. Share your fashion idol in the comments below.
For more on your favorite fashion icons, check out the video below on the women who changed the way we dress.
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n