the late Kurt Cobain would prefer the company of her paternal grandmother, Wendy O'Connor, and aunt, Kimberly Dawn Cobain, than her erratic mom. Geraldine Wyle, an attorney for O'Connor and Cobain, refused to comment on the custody.../n
Just when you didn't think things could get worse for Courtney Love...Days after we learned the epically troubled rocker lost legal custody of daughter Frances Bean Cobain, comes word Love has also been barred from having any contact with the 17-year-old or her new guardians.A lawyer for Frances told the court last week that the child of Love and the late Kurt Cobain would prefer the company of her paternal grandmother, Wendy O'Connor, and aunt, Kimberly Dawn Cobain, than her erratic mom.Geraldine Wyle, an attorney for O'Connor and Cobain, refused to comment on the custody change or the subsequent restraining order, telling E! News, "this is a private family matter."Love, on the other hand, isn't taking this quietly.

The 45-year-old rocker took to her Facebook page Tuesday and posted a number of rants directed at her offspring that have since been deleted."[Frances] thinks she has all this money, [but] the point is I have all the money she has," fumed Love. "I hate to sound cold but any kid of mine who pulls this s--t has lost her position. The good news is now that Frances is clearly deluded that she [imagines] she can buy her grandmother a 'small house in L.A.' I'd love to see how that works. They'll incubate her until she's 18 and then have her sign all the indemnifications."The America's Sweetheart singer didn't stop there, alleging Frances has been unduly influenced by a number of "bad people around her.""[Frances] was deceptive, she lied and she's lying to herself...My daughter is not always honest," wrote Love."You could've asked for emancipation," Love continued, addressing her child. "You realize this will put you in juvenile family circus three times in your little life?""To Frannie's worried friends: she's not stupid. She trusted the wrong people and got snookered into a circus. She'll figure out what a ridiculous mess she's in and she's smart. She'll have to work really hard, and she's not used to it. But I have faith. She's my daughter and I love her. Cruelty is not what she's about."Nah, apparently that's mom purview.A judge is expected to rule on whether to make the TRO permanent in a hearing scheduled for Jan. 5.— Reporting by Whitney English
/n