Inside Scott Disick's Wild Nights Partying With Bella Thorne and Ella Ross The British model ran into Scott and Bella again that evening, this time at the Peppermint Club where Ella was spotted partying with Leonardo DiCaprio and his cr.../n
Scott Disick and risky business go hand-in-hand. An insider confirms reports that the E! reality star recently enjoyed a dinner date with Bella Thorne at Hollywood hotspot Catch L.A., also revealing that he canceled plans with rumored love interest Ella Ross for a chance to sit down with the 19-year-old actress. The source shares that Scott, 33, told Ella he had to attend a birthday dinner and pulled out of their previously-scheduled date. As it turns out, Ella showed up at Catch L.A. with a group of gal pals, only to find Disick and Bella sharing a table.We're told the pair "didn't interact," but talk about one awkward interaction! 

The British model ran into Scott and Bella again that evening, this time at the Peppermint Club where Ella was spotted partying with Leonardo DiCaprio and his crew, the source adds. The mid-week celebrations later continued at an after-party, and the trio was also all present. A source previously told E! News that the father of three has been "hanging out with a few girls, but it's very casual," adding that Disick is hosting house parties in addition to going out.Disick and Ross fielded romance rumors earlier this month when they were photographed out to lunch and leaving the TAO nightclub together. Their outings came shortly after news broke that ex Kourtney Kardashian was dating former boxer Younes Bendjima.

As for how Scott feels about Kourtney's new relationship, E! News has learned he's having a tough time letting go."Scott doesn't like Kourtney dating Younes at all," our source revealed. "He doesn't want to see photos of them or know about it. Kourtney has tried to give Scott a heads up that he might be seeing photos, but Scott can't stand seeing her with someone else, especially Younes."

Watch Keeping Up With the Kardashians Sundays at 9/8c on E!
/n