Dylann Roof Must REALLY Want The Death Penalty — Admits 'I Have Not Shed A Tear For The Innocent People I Killed'/n

Luckily, it's not up to him!
It's been nearly a year and a half since Dylann Roof killed nine black people at Charleston's Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church… and yet the disturbed sicko still isn't showing any signs of remorse.
After pleading not guilty — and having his trial delayed — the 22-year-old white supremacist was thankfully found guilty of all charges in the South Carolina massacre about a month ago.
Video: 4 Arrested After Attacking Mentally Disabled Man On Facebook Live
Then, just about two weeks ago, Dylann announced he'd be representing himself in an effort to basically do nothing to prevent the death penalty.
Well, the most recent evidence and his subsequent statements sure as hell won't help his case…
During the prosecution's opening statements on Wednesday to decide his punishment, the legal team presented a manifesto written by Dylann sometime while he's been in jail, which included the following DISGUSTING admission: 
"I would like to make it crystal clear I do not regret what I did. I am not sorry. I have not shed a tear for the innocent people I killed."
Truly vile.
The murderer further hurt his case during his own opening statements when he made it a point to tell the jury there was nothing wrong with mental health — something he could have actually used in his favor — saying:
"Other than the fact that I trust people that I shouldn't and the fact that I'm probably better at constantly embarrassing myself than anyone who's ever existed, there's nothing wrong with me psychologically."
It sure sounds to us like he'd rather die than spend the rest of his life behind bars…
Dylann's sentencing phase will continue and most likely run into next week in Federal District Court as there are expected to be several heartbreaking testimonies.
Related: Lyle Menendez Breaks His 20-Year Silence On Killing His Parents!
Unfortunately, there have already been three people who've had to walk out during Roof's statements — and we're hearing they were all sitting in the section of the court room reserved for family of the victims. Sigh.
But not everything is about the shooter — here's hoping Rev. Clementa C. Pinckney, Rev. DePayne Middleton Doctor, Cynthia Hurd, Susie Jackson, Ethel Lee Lance, Tywanza Sanders, Rev. Daniel Lee Simmons Sr., Rev. Sharonda Coleman-Singleton, and Myra Thompson get justice in the end.
Do U think Dylann deserves life or death??
[Image via COLUMBIA POLICE DEPT.]
/n