‘Gossip Girl’ Recap: What’s Thanksgiving Without a Side of Drama?/n





                    'Gossip Girl': Waldorf Redemption
                







It's the point of no return.

 MORE >>










                    'Gossip Girl's' Ed Westwick
                







What's the actor's secret passion?

 MORE >>





 On a show like The CW’s Gossip Girl, romantic entanglements can be really hard to keep track of. The release of Dan’s (Penn Badgley) latest and perhaps most highly anticipated chapter on Serena van der Woodsen (Blake Lively) has left fans reeling.
Note: Spoilers ahead if you haven’t watched Monday’s episode, “It’s Really Complicated.”
As all the fans know, nobody does Thanksgiving quite like our favorite Upper East Siders. With Dan and Serena hosting their first holiday as an “official couple,” there was no possible way it was going to be a quiet, lovely evening by the fireside. When Serena showed up at Blair’s (Leighton Meester) begging her to attend, Blair couldn’t resist meddling in everyone’s lives. After all, when Chuck (Ed Westwick) goes dark and Blair gives him space, she really does her best work in order to stay distracted. Also didn’t we stop letting Serena go out dressed in lingerie after Season 2? Eric Daman, I expected better from you!
As if having to rock a leather mini over lingerie and under an isle sweater wasn’t enough, Dan decided to twist Rufus’ (Matthew Settle) advice and humiliate our golden girl. Rufus has underestimated Serena in the past and just because he was scorned by her mother Lily (Kelly Rutherford) doesn’t mean Serena is going to do the same to Dan.
 

serena's many men








































9 Photos »



I don’t think Dan’s initial intent was to publish the nasty chapter on Serena. I think it was after his talk with his father that he decided he needed to “become like Bart Bass” (Robert Burke) in order to get a girl like Serena. Seriously? Serena has gone back to Dan like 50 times on this show, one of the main reasons being that he was different from all of the other douchebags she has dated. Pretty much every time they have broken up it has been because of Dan’s insecurity. I don’t have space to list them all here, but longtime fans will be able to recall these breakups.
Steven and Dan both don’t deserve Serena. At this point, her happy ending would be to end up independent and successful. Nobody should love her in spite of her flaws. They should love her, because they embrace them and her. I do not believe that the golden girl has really fallen from Grace.
I think that Chuck asking Blair to go to war with him, was more romantic to both of them than a proposal would be. That’s just who they are. Now that Lily is back on Chuck’s side, Bart Bass is going down. In spite of an ominous promo that foreshadows a plane crash, I think this is just a Revenge-style fake out. Chuck will arrange for it to look like the plane crashed knowing that Blair will go on a vendetta to prove that Bart not only sabotaged his own son, but the Sheik and Bruce Kaplan as well. Chuck will pop up in a finally tailored suit and bow tie in time for the finale.
 

INside 'gossip girl's' wrap party








































9 Photos »



As for Nate (Chace Crawford)? Well, for once, I’d like to go on record and say that I don’t hate his girlfriend and I’m kind of glad they got back together! Her father is a loser and now that Blair dropped the long awaited 7th Heaven reference, we can bid him adieu. I recognize the same tenacity in Sage (Sofia Black-D’Elia) that Blair has. With Sage by his side, Nate will have a better shot scheming against Bart on The Spectator issues.
Buzz Moments
OMG: That we’ve finally confirmed Bart Bass is a murderer.
Thank you, TV gods.: Nate punching Dan in the face… from all of us. Long live the NJBC.
Awk-ward: How roughly Bart grabbed Lily in the library. Not cool, dude.
Hotness: Serena in an apron. She cooks and she’s on the cover of Vogue. Wait, didn’t her real life hubby actually say that?
Fabulous: Cece’s wisdom reigns beyond the grave!
Can. Not. Wait: To see Chuck come back to life, because I do not believe they would kill him off.
Celebuzz Meter: 9. Best episode of the season.
So what is Dan’s master plan? Do you think Chuck really gets killed off? Only two left!
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n