Tuesday Ten: 10 Trusted Beauty Products Celebrities Used at the Emmys 2016/n





                    Emmys 2016: The Big Show Moments
                







Here's everything you missed. 

 MORE >>










                    Emmys 2016: Everything You Need to Know
                







So much info, so little time.

 MORE >>





Drugstore eyeshadow. Hairspray for under $10. Who knew getting ready for the Emmys was so easy?

As with every year, celebrities were all dolled up for the Emmy Awards on Sunday night (Sept. 18 2016). Though they all looked like a million bucks, stars like Sarah Hyland and new Emmy winner Tatiana Maslany stuck to a simple beauty routine that even us regular folks can afford and recreate.
What did Kerry Washington use on her glorious curls? How did Priyanka Chopra keep her ponytail oh-so sleek? Here are 10 products your faves wore on the red carpet, according to their glam squad!





1. Suave Professionals Luxe Style Infusion Anti-Humidity Hairspray, $4.49. Temperatures were hot, hot, hot during thus year’s Emmys, but The Americans actress Keri Russell kept her tresses in check with help from an anti-humidity spray from Suave Professionals. Her hairstylist, Brian Magallones, told us he locked in her old Hollywood waves with this product to “make sure her hair would hold all night long.”
2. Mally Beauty H3 Lipstick in Buff, $21. What’s the secret to Tori Kelly’s luscious nude lip? Just before hitting the stage, makeup artist Sarah Usla applied a peachy tint from Mally’s new lipstick collection onto the singer’s pout.
3. Neutrogena Triple Moisture Professional Deep Recovery Hair Mask, $7.99. Kerry Washington absolutely slayed with her voluminous ‘do on the red carpet. According to her hairstylist, Takisha Sturdivant-Drew, the Scandal star’s hair was prepped using two good ol’ trusty drugstore products: Neutrogena Anti-Residue Shampoo and the brand’s recovery hair mask.
4. Giorgio Armani Prima Refreshing Makeup Fix, $70. Sweat and tears didn’t budge Sarah Paulson’s flawless makeup one bit thanks to this beauty lifesaver. After exclusively using Giorgio Armani products on the Emmy winner, makeup guru Adam Breuchaud set Paulson’s makeup by misting on a fine layer of finishing spray onto the face.
5. Tempting by Sofia Vergara Eau de Parfum Spray, $55. Talk about the sweet smell of success! The only fragrance worthy to be worn by Sofia Vergara on her big night was — natch — one created by Vergara herself. As we saw in her red carpet prep, the Modern Family actress practically doused herself in her new scent.


Emmys 2016: Best and Worst Dressed celebrities








































22 Photos »


6. Lancôme Grandiôse Bendable Liquid Liner, $32. Brienne of Tarth sure cleans up well! Gwendoline Christie’s winged liner was sharp as Oathkeeper courtesy of this precision liquid liner expertly applied by makeup artist Stoj.
7. Iles Formula Finishing Serum, $44. Getting a haircut right before a big red carpet is always risky. However, everything was smooth sailing for Heidi Klum, who used this finishing serum to add some shine to her freshly chopped tresses.
8. Makeup Academy Professional Nude Eyeshadow Palette, $14. She may be a big Hollywood star fresh from her Emmy win, but Tatiana Maslany’s makeup is something even you can achieve everyday. Makeup artist Mai Quynh prepped her lids with Kiehl’s Creamy Eye Treatment with Avocado before using this drugstore palette to create a “pretty, neutral” eye for the Orphan Black actress.
9. MOP Pear Detangler, $22. Priyanka Chopra’s go-to hairstylist Castillo tamed the Quantico beauty’s signature brunette locks by applying this spray before styling. Made with pear, aloe and silk amino acid, the product minimize frizz and detangles the toughest knots. No wonder her hair was so smooth and shiny that night!
10. Essie Nail Polish in Allure, $9. Pretty in pink! Sarah Hyland kept things simple with a pink-and-gold manicure using this sheer base named after Allure magazine.


here's what everyone wore to the 2016 emmys








































82 Photos »


/n