Ben Affleck's New Girlfriend Won't Be Meeting His Kids Anytime Soon/n“Ben really wants to introduce [his girlfriend] Lindsay [Shookus] to his kids, but Jen has put her foot down,” a source told In Touch. According to the insider, the actress thinks it’s too early to have their kids meet the Saturday Night Live producer. “It’s taken the whole family a long time to adjust to the divorce. Bringing Lindsay into the picture could be very jarring,” added the insider.“They are both extremely dedicated to making this a seamless transition for the kids,” said a Ben insider, who also claimed that while Ben understands Jen’s point, he knows Lindsay isn’t going anywhere.“They’ve barely spent any time apart [since going public in early July] and have even talked about marriage,” said the source.While Ben gets Jen’s apprehension to introduce the kids to Lindsay, the insider said Ben’s hoping she will change her mind in the future.“Jen’s in denial about how serious Ben and Lindsay are,” said the insider. “She also doesn’t want Lindsay to play stepmom to her kids.”Do you think Ben should introduce his kids to his new girlfriend? Sound off in the comments! “Ben really wants to introduce [his girlfriend] Lindsay [Shookus] to his kids, but Jen has put her foot down,” a source told In Touch. According to the insider, the actress thinks it’s too early to have their kids meet the Saturday Night Live producer. “It’s taken the whole family a long time to adjust to the divorce. Bringing Lindsay into the picture could be very jarring,” added the insider.“They are both extremely dedicated to making this a seamless transition for the kids,” said a Ben insider, who also claimed that while Ben understands Jen’s point, he knows Lindsay isn’t going anywhere.“They’ve barely spent any time apart [since going public in early July] and have even talked about marriage,” said the source.While Ben gets Jen’s apprehension to introduce the kids to Lindsay, the insider said Ben’s hoping she will change her mind in the future.“Jen’s in denial about how serious Ben and Lindsay are,” said the insider. “She also doesn’t want Lindsay to play stepmom to her kids.”Do you think Ben should introduce his kids to his new girlfriend? Sound off in the comments! /n