Tiger Woods Checks Back Into Rehab To Keep His Kids/n
Tiger Woods is headed back to rehab after his humiliating DUI arrest, RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned.
The shamed star, 41, secretly arranged a 28-day rehab stint in a bid to retain joint custody of daughter Sam, 9, and son, Charlie, 8.
According to sources, the fallen golf legend — who was busted in the wee hours of May 29 — has reserved the entire male inpatient unit at the Jupiter Medical Center near his Florida mansion.
PHOTOS: It’s Over! Lindsey Vonn & Tiger Woods Announce Mutual Split On Facebook: ‘We Both Lead Hectic Lives’
“Tiger visited the hospital with his children on June 2, then went alone two days later to complete paperwork and his assessment,” an insider told Radar.
According to that clause, “if Tiger gets caught up in a scandal, he could face losing the 20 percent custody he currently has,” the insider spilled, adding the disgraced athlete’s treatment will focus on his addiction to prescription pills.
As the National ENQUIRER reported, Tiger entered The Meadows treatment center in Wickburg, Ariz., in 2010 to battle addictions to the powerful painkiller Vicodin and the sleeping medication Ambien.
PHOTOS: Getting Tiger’s Attention? Lindsey Vonn Flashes Underwear In Thigh-High Slit Dress
That rehab stint followed Tiger’s six-week treatment for sex addiction at the Gentle Path facility in Hattiesburg, Miss.
He was forced into treatment after National ENQUIRER exposed his affair with a New York City party girl in late 2009 — leading to a procession of mistresses to come forward.
The cheating scandal ruined Tiger’s squeaky clean image, cost him millions in endorsements and virtually ended his glittery golf career.
PHOTOS: Too Cute! North West Hits The Beach In A Tiger Swimsuit
Since then, Tiger’s undergone several surgeries for golf-related injuries, and his reputation took another hit when Florida cops found him asleep at the wheel of his dinged-up Mercedes SUV.
A woozy Tiger failed a sobriety test, admitted to taking a cocktail of prescription drugs, including Vicodin, and was charged with DUI.
The troubled athlete’s drug woes have prompted Elin to consider going back to court for temporary full custody of their children, sources said.
A snitch added: “Elin wants Tiger to get professional help before the kids spend a single night alone with him again! God forbid they’re in the car when he’s drugged up!”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n