Biden Son's Secrets Spilled In Court! Judge Denies His Request To Seal The Case/n
Hunter Biden and Kathleen Biden just suffered a huge blow in their attempt to keep more family secrets from spilling out of their nasty divorce. RadarOnline.com has learned that a judge has DENIED their request to seal the case.
READ The Judge’s Order
It’s one of the most scandalous stories in recent political history: Joe Biden’s son, Hunter, was exposed for dating with his dead brother Beau Biden’s widow Hallie Biden. As Radar previously reported, the divorce documents filed by his wife Kathleen were explosive, accusing Hunter of spending the couple’s cash on booze and hookers. After those claims came out, the former couple requested that the divorce documents and any further proceedings continue under seal, and that request was just denied.
PHOTOS: Obama, Biden & Broadway! 7 Shocking Moments From The DNC’s 3rd Night
In the court order obtained by Radar, it states that in their request for “Joint Motion to Seal File, or in the Alternative, to Accept Settlement Agreement Under Seal,” they argued that there is information in the file and in their marital settlement agreement that would be damaging and embarrassing to their families and their children if revealed. The court argued in return that the allegations made in the filings thus far have already been reported in the media, and sealing those documents will not erase any embarrassment the parties or children may have already experienced.
The saving grace for the former couple may only come if they decide keep any martial settlement agreement private. However, if they go that route it would not be incorporated into the final divorce judgment, which means that they would not be able to seek enforcement of their agreement in the Domestic Relations Branch of the court.
PHOTOS: Double Drama! Amber Heard’s Father REVEALS Secret Medical Crisis — Amid Depp Divorce
The court’s ruling additionally grants a set date for an uncontested divorce hearing, which will be held on April 14.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n