NeNe Under Fire! Shocking New 'Fashion Police' Ratings Cause Internal Cast War/n
Tensions on the set of E!’s ill-fated Fashion Police are at an all-time high! The network just released the newest ratings, and RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned that there is a “huge power struggle going on,” especially between the newest panel member NeNe Leakes and the rest of the cast.
According to the numbers, the show – which also costars Melissa Rivers, 45, Giuliana Rancic, 41, and Brad Goreski, 38, in addition to Leakes, 48, and Cho, 47 –is averaging 1 million total visitors per episode. Luckily, statistics show that the fashion panel themed weekly telecast has shown significant growth in 2016, with a 26 percent increase in total viewers.
But according to the source, this boost in ratings has given the former Real Housewives of Atlanta star, Leakes, an inflated ego.
PHOTOS: Drugs, Jail & Sex! 20 Juicy NeNe Leakes Secrets & Scandals Exposed
“NeNe has really just been trying to steal the spotlight lately and because she has such a strong personality, it is making filming really difficult,” said the source.
“It has gotten to the point that Melissa has had to delegate increments of time that limit when each panelist is allowed to speak!”
But what about Rancic? As Radar previously reported, fans have wondered about her future with the show since the infamous racially-charged comments that she made towards Zendaya Coleman, 19, this time last year. E! reps insisted to Radar that she isn’t going anywhere, and the source confirmed that news.
PHOTOS: What Fight? NeNe Leakes Parties In NY After Brawl As Wendy Williams Refuses To Discuss It On Air
“Giuliana has been there since the beginning and Melissa actually told her recently that she has nothing to worry about right now. But that they really need to figure out how she can become more comfortable in NeNe and Margaret’s presence,” the insider told Radar.
Are you surprised to learn that ‘Fashion Police’ ratings are up? Tell us your thoughts in the comments below. /n