 What Marriage Problems? Teresa Giudice Giving Advice To Brides Despite Joe’s Cheating.../n
Teresa Giudice’s marriage to Joe Giudice has been on the rocks for a while but that isn’t stopping her from giving advice to brides-to-be, RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned!
The Real Housewives of New Jersey star is making an appearance Tuesday night at the Coral House on Milburn Lake’s First Annual Brides of LI Expo and she’s going to dish on the good times in her marriage, not the bad!
PHOTOS: Real Housewives Show Off Their Hot Bikini Bodies!
“Teresa is speaking and she’s going to talk about how to have a happy marriage, how to be a good wife,” a source exclusively told RadarOnline.com.
“She isn’t planning to say anything bad about Joe, or any of their problems. She doesn’t ever want to reveal the problems in their marriage, and she certainly isn’t going to it in front of a whole room of hopeful brides.”
PHOTOS: The 10 Most Boobiful Real Housewives! 
As RadarOnline.com previously reported, Joe has been accused of cheating on Teresa multiple times, and even viciously called the mother of his four children the c-word on camera!
“Teresa knows that she has a marriage that isn’t perfect, but she isn’t going to let on about that at a bridal event!”
PHOTOS: Reality TV’s Hottest Stars
On the reunion show for season four of RHONJ Jacqueline Laurita said that Teresa admitted to her that Joe cheated on his wife, but Teresa adamantly denied her accusation.
“A bridal expo is the last place Teresa plans to air her dirty laundry,” the source said.
PHOTOS: “Real Housewives”: Best or Bust?
“She is going to keep it positive and talk about her strong marriage, her children, and not admit that anything is wrong!”
RELATED STORIES:
Is RHONJ Stars’ Feud Over? Teresa Giudice Throws 12th Birthday Party For Daughter Gia And Estranged Sister-In-Law Melissa Gorga Attends!
I’ve Got Teresa Guidice’s Back! Elvira Says She’ll Defend Her Friend!
Team Teresa! New Real Housewife Is A Giudice Pal!
The Real Housewives: Biggest Breadwinners Revealed! /n