Believe What Lea Michele Will Do on Your TV Tonight On the set of Scream Queens in New Orleans, we sat down with Lea to get the latest on her thoughts on Hester's new obsession—having everything Chanel (Emma Roberts) has, and that inclu.../n
Gleeks and Lea Michele fans everywhere…buckle up.Tonight's Scream Queens episode, "Chanel-O-Ween," is not for the faint of heart, and based on our wholly scientific experiment, you will burn roughly 90,000 calories laughing until you cry, and shrieking in terror.The episode, which is the first of three Halloween episode, is both hilarious and shocking (as evidenced by this Taylor Swift-inspired open!), and Lea's Hester character, now going by "Chanel Number Six," will say and do things her TV alter ego Rachel Berry wouldn't dream of. It's all just so...dirrrrrtyyyyy. And wrong. And hilarious. And proof that Scream Queens creator Ryan Murphy is a genius when it comes to taking what an actor is known for and flipping it on its head.  "There's nothing Lea can't do," Ryan himself tells us. 

On the set of Scream Queens in New Orleans, we sat down with Lea to get the latest on her thoughts on Hester's new obsession—having everything Chanel (Emma Roberts) has, and that includes, of course, Chad Radwell (Glen Powell)—a k a the worst boyfriend in the history of boyfriends.But Hester and Chad share one key thing in common: A love of dead bodies."There is some great Chad and Hester stuff coming up," Lea teases. "They're a horrible pairing. They are terrible. I don't think he even knows what her name is. He keeps asking her like, ‘What's your name?' But she doesn't care. She loves him. She worships the ground [Chanel] walks on. I think that Hester would honestly be so happy to be in a polygamous relationship with Chanel and Chad. She just wants everybody to just all be together like one family."Scream Queens Season Two: Big Love? Hey, we'd watch it.Tonight's episode focuses on a Haunted House—and Zayday's (Keke Palmer's) run for President of Kappa Kappa Tau, which you can only imagine does not go over well with Chanel. There's also a great reveal at the end of the episode regarding a twist on a character you already know.Meanwhile, behind the scenes, Lea's convinced she's figured out who "THE" killer is. So it sounds like there's someone who's like the "Chanel" of Red Devils, and pulling all the strings.To hear Lea's thoughts on Chad, the killer and the bathtub baby, check out our exclusive video interview above!And make sure to tune into E! News tonight at 7 and 11 pm for a crazy-fun Scream Queens set tour with Glen Powell....Dare we call it a dance party?
/n