Kim Kardashian Happy to Be Out for Kendall Jenner’s Birthday But Not Ready for Primetime Just Yet/n





                    Kim Kardashian and Kanye West Fire Longtime Bodyguard Pascal Duvier
                







She and husband Kanye West have made some major changes to their security detail

 MORE >>





Kim Kardashian is slowly easing back into the limelight a month after her traumatizing robbery in Paris.
She attended her sister Kendall Jenner’s 21st birthday bash on Wednesday (Nov. 2, 2016) in L.A. but opted to enter through a back door with husband Kanye West rather than face the paparazzi snapping away in the front.
“She was really happy to be able to celebrate her sister’s 21st birthday,” a source told ET. “Kim looked really happy to be out with her family. She was smiling and talking to everyone.”
The insider added, “Kim is doing OK. She’s still needing some time away and is not fully ready to throw herself back into her old routine just yet, but she will with time.”


Kim Kardashian, North West, and Kris Jenner Attend Kanye West's Concert








































13 Photos »


The Kardashian source also said being able to “take a step back” after the scary incident gave Kim time to “unwind” and “be a normal person.”
They explained, “She went through a very traumatic experience and it definitely put a lot of things in perspective for her. She needed to take a step back and it really has been such a good thing for her. She really hasn’t had a chance to spend that much quiet time with the kids [North and Saint] since each of them was born. This was the first time in years that she could just unwind and be a normal person. She is really happy she was able to do so.”
Earlier this week, Kardashian posed for her first photo since the robbery with West and fan Cameron Sterling, who celebrated his 16th birthday backstage at West’s L.A. concert. Cameron is the oldest son of Alton Sterling, who was shot dead by police in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, in July.
Kim also returned to social media this past week with a few posts on Facebook, but the posts were quickly deleted. Nope, not yet.


Kim Kardashian's 36 Sexiest Instagram Photos








































36 Photos »


 
/n