Ex TLC Star Toby Willis Admits Child Rape – And Will Serve 40 Years Behind Bars/n
Former TLC actor Toby Willis has plead guilty to four counts of child rape and has been sentenced to 40 years in prison, RadarOnline.com can reveal.
A statement released by Willis’ family attorney read: “Although the criminal case has concluded with Toby Willis receiving 40 years for the crimes he committed, the impact on the victims will remain much longer. The family is appreciative and grateful that people have respected their need for privacy during this trying time and asks for continued respect as they seek to move forward.”
The Willis Family reality star received two 25-year sentences and two 40-year sentences, following his plea.
PHOTOS: The Face Of Evil: Jared Fogle’s Lawyer Blames ‘Medical Problem’ For Child Sex Crimes — First Photos Since Confession

According to Julie Hibbs, the circuit court clerk in Cheatham County, Tennessee, the former actor’s sentences will run concurrently and be completed entirely by the four-time criminal.
In their statement, Willis’ family thanked members of the law enforcement “for their detailed and comprehensive investigation of this matter.”
As Radar previously reported, Willis, a father of 12, has been under investigation since 2016, when the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation suspected his involvement in the abuse of a young girl.
PHOTOS: Secret Pedophile For Years! How Jared Fogle Got Away With His Sick Child Sex Crimes In 8 Clicks
While the crime had occurred 12 years prior, authorities found the former actor, 47, to be guilty. Upon further investigation, the three other sexual abuse cases were discovered.
A frightened Willis fled his home, yet was captured later that year in Kentucky, where he had hitchhiked in an attempt to escape the law.
His victims were said to have been between ages 3 and 13 at the time of abuse.
PHOTOS: Subway Sicko Jared Fogle Desperate For Sandwich Fix!
“Finally, the family would like to thank the District Attorney’s office for their diligence and sensitivity in the handling of this case. The family has remained fully cooperative throughout the investigation,” read the statement.
Willis’ family show got cancelled in 2016, weeks before his arrest.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n