Kim Kardashian West and Her Daughter Channel the Kennedys: North 'Lives Such a Normal Life'
/n
Kim Kardashian West and daughter North took a journey to the past for their new Interview magazine September cover story, wearing looks seemingly ripped from vintage photographs of late former First Lady Jackie Kennedy and her brood in the accompanying photo series.
Kardashian West’s callback to Kennedy’s iconic chic style is obvious, from her bouffant hairstyle to her strands of white pearls. Little North, 4, wore matching white gloves and sweet frilly socks in some of the photos (in many of which she was captured snoozing on her reality-star mom).
Chatting with Janet Mock for the interview, Kardashian West, 36, opened up about raising her children with husband Kanye West in the spotlight – and talking with her daughter about being biracial.
“I’m very conscious of it,” she told Mock, elaborating, “Kanye always has his family around and people who look like my daughter — that’s important to me.”
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.

 Steven Klein for Interview Magazine
RELATED VIDEO: “Auntie Kylie” Jenner Tries Out Her Lip Kits on North West

Kardashian West shares that North is “obsessed with her curly hair,” noting that “if she finds someone who has the same hair, she runs to them and is like, ‘You have curly hair like me?’ And we get to talk about it.”
The conversation has extended to the social-media star and beauty guru’s niece Penelope Scotland – Kourtney Kardashian‘s 5-year-old daughter, who’s also North’s BFF.
“She and North look really different, but they’re best friends and they’re together all the time,” explains Kardashian West.
 Steven Klein for Interview Magazine
 Steven Klein for Interview Magazine
RELATED: Kim Kardashian West Defends Herself Against Mommy Shamers Over Son Saint’s Car Seat: He “Weighs More Than North”
In general, Kardashian West says that she and the rapper hope to “raise our kids to be really aware” (the couple also share son Saint, 20 months).
“I think that’s all you can do,” she tells Mock. “The more you talk about things and keep them out in the open, the more they won’t be taboo.”
She continues, “Kids are already so open. They say anything. So if you educate them, they feel like they have this knowledge and then they feel empowered.”
Steven Klein/Interview Magazine
FROM PEN: Bachelorette Jillian Harris Talks Mom Shaming and Mom Guilt: “We’re All So Hard on Ourselves”

 
Kardashian West knows that while her entire life is exposed on Keeping Up with the Kardashians, she gets “a little bit more protective of my daughter.”
“We have strict rules about the kids,” she explains to Mock. “Some seasons they’re not on at all. Some seasons they’re on a little bit, just to show a bit of personality, although there are never storylines about them.”
Adds the star, “But then there’s social media, on which I’ve always been really open. When I’m out and people call North’s name, that’s when it’s weird for me. She lives such a normal life, believe it or not, at home.”
Courtesy Steven Klein/Interview Magazine
RELATED: Kim Kardashian Goes Full Jackie Kennedy for Retro-Glam Photoshoot with Daughter North
North herself had a few things to say to Interview, opening up for her own “first tell-all” by answering questions from other celebrity kids.
“What’s the best thing about having a little brother?” asks model Kaia Gerber, the 15-year-old daughter of Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber.
“Giving him toy trucks, and I gave him a big toy bear,” says North.
 Steven Klein for Interview Magazine
RELATED: Kim Kardashian Says Daughter North Is Kanye West’s Twin: She “Says the Same Wild Things”
North fields questions from the likes of Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown; Britney Spears‘ sons Jayden James, 10, and Sean Preston, 11; and her cousin Penelope.
“Jasmine, because I love her,” North says when Millie, 13, asks who her favorite Disney Princess is and why.
“Who is your best friend?” Millie continues.
Simple answer from North? “Mama,” she replies.
/n