Oscars Flub Fallout: Academy Apologizes, Warren Beatty Stirs Up Drama & More!/n
As confusion over the Oscars’ major mixup continues to swirl, questions have finally been answered on what really happened surrounding the incident.
As Radar readers know, the 89th Academy Awards finished out with the insane flub, when the award for Best Picture was handed to the wrong film, La La Land, after Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway were given the incorrect envelope.
A report from Jeffrey Fleishman backstage revealed the jaw-dropping moment when workers backstage realized the mistake, with one stage hand even blurting out: “Oh, f**k. Oh my God. He got the wrong envelope.”
PHOTOS: Gwen Stefani Gets Cheeky At The Oscars With BF Blake Shelton
According to Page Six, Beatty refused to hand over the envelope to security following the mishap.
“Beatty was getting into an elevator, and they asked him to turn over the envelopes,” a witness told the publication. But, “He said no, he was going to keep them.”
The insider added that Beatty wanted to keep the envelopes as proof of his innocence: “Warren can be a bit paranoid. . .with his politics and everything.”
PHOTOS: The 10 Best Celebrity Hairstyles Of The Academy Awards
Meanwhile, the Academy released an official apology for the mishap Monday night.
“We deeply regret the mistakes that were made during the presentation of the Best Picture category during last night’s Oscar ceremony. We apologize to the entire cast and crew of La La Land and Moonlight whose experience was profoundly altered by this error. We salute the tremendous grace they displayed under the circumstances. To all involved  —  including our presenters Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway, the filmmakers, and our fans watching worldwide  —  we apologize,” the statement read.
“For the last 83 years, the Academy has entrusted PwC to handle the critical tabulation process, including the accurate delivery of results. PwC has taken full responsibility for the breaches of established protocols that took place during the ceremony,” the statement continued. “We have spent last night and today investigating the circumstances, and will determine what actions are appropriate going forward. We are unwaveringly committed to upholding the integrity of the Oscars and the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n