TV Casting Update: Jason Bateman Wades into the Ozarks, Katey Sagal Climbs Behind the Wheel/n





                    Watch: Tina Fey and Jason Bateman Debate Justin Bieber in 'Would You Rather?'
                







Would you rather Justin Bieber be your son or your husband?

 MORE >>





Happy Friday! Start the day off right by check out all the latest TV casting news from around the web featuring Vincent Kartheiser, Marsha Thomason and Finn Jones.

Jason Bateman will be starring, executive producing and directing a new drama with Netflix called Ozark. The new project will revolve around seedy characters immersed in the volatile business of drug-money laundering at The Lake of the Ozarks, a touristy community in Missouri. This is Bateman’s first return to TV since reprising his lead role in Arrested Development in 2013. [Deadline]
Hulu’s Casual has added Mad Men’s Vincent Kartheiser to their cast. Kartheiser will play a recurring character named Jordan, the head of a venture-capital firm who will be working with Alex (Tommy Dewey). The two get along famously until Alex discovers Jordan is engaged to one his exes. Presumably, casual drama issues. [The Hollywood Reporter]
Speaking of Netflix, the content juggernaut is crafting another Marvel drama, Iron Fist, and they have named their star, Game of Thrones’ Finn Jones. According to the comics, the story follows a masked superhero who fights crime in New York after being taught martial arts in the lost city of K’un-L’un. Ultimately, he will join all the other players in the Netflix/Marvel partnership, Daredevil, Jessica Jones, and the as-of-yet-unreleased Luke Cage, to form The Defenders, a series unto itself. [Entertainment Weekly]
White Collar’s Marsha Thomason scored the lead in Fox’s Zoobiquity, a light medical procedural about a successful cardiologist named Dr. Kara Martins (Thomason) who teams up with Dr. Lucas Cort, a socially-awkward veterinarian who is better with animals than people. The pilot is based on a book of the same name by Dr. Barbara Natterson-Horowitz and Kathryn Bowers. Antonia Bernath (Downton Abbey) is already cast for the show as well. [Deadline]
CBS is creating a single-camera comedy pilot in the style of the Australian series Upper Middle Bogan and they have cast Sons of Anarchy’s Katey Sagal as the matriarch, Julie. The show is about a woman named Bess, a wife and mother who discovers she was adopted and that her birth parents head up a family of drag racers. John Carroll Lynch has been cast as Julie’s husband, Wayne. [The Hollywood Reporter]
/n