Why Josh Duhamel Is Perfect to Host the Kids’ Choice Awards/n





                    Stars Get Slimed
                







Stars got drench in green goo at the 2011 Kids' Choice. 

 MORE >>










                    Fergie On Josh's Bday
                







What did Fergie have to say about her hubby turning 40?

 MORE >>










                    Josh's New 'Do
                







Duhamel debuts a new mohawk in Brentwood, Calif.

 MORE >>





Josh Duhamel ready to face the slime.
The Transformers star has been tapped to host the 26th Annual Kids’ Choice Awards, which will honor kids’ favorites in film, music, sports and television during its March 23 ceremony.
“We know he’ll do what it takes to be a great host,” Marjorie Cohn, executive producer of the show, said in a press release Wednesday. “We promise that this year will deliver the special, one-of-a-kind, surprise-filled slimefest for which our annual telecast is famous.”
 

celebrities who got slimed at the 2012 Kids’ Choice Awards








































8 Photos »



And Duhamel is eager to take the reigns for the first time at the awards show. “Kids’ Choice Awards is a great event that…taps into the kid in all of us,” Duhamel said. “I have a lot of secret plans for when I host the awards, but I can tell you I’m excited to lead millions of kids into total crazy fun, chaos …and, of course, endless slime!”
Not only will his “secret plans” surely delight during the telecast, but Duhamel is destined to be a knock-out host.
 

Kids’ Choice Awards: the Worst-Dressed list








































16 Photos »



Here’s five reasons why Duhamel is a perfect pick for the Kids’ Choice Awards gig.
1. He’s a Kids’ Choice veteran.
Now only did Duhamel get a dose of green goo, but he was also crowned champ of the “Arm Fart Hall of Fame” during the 2011 show. “This is probably the highlight of my career,” he told Access Hollywood following his win. “This is something I’ve always wanted to do since I was a kid, ya know.” After being showered in slime, what did he think of the gloppy gunk? “It’s sort of tasteless, to be honest,” he said. “It’s a little bit chilly. It’s very green. It doesn’t sting the eyes.”
2. He lends his voice to Nickelodeon.
Apart from starring in big-screen blockbusters, Duhamel has a flair for cartoons. From 2009 to 2012, the actor lent his voice to Nickelodeon’s Emmy Award-winning animated series Faboy & Chum Chum.
3. He loves little ones.
Tackling parenthood with Katherine Heigl in Life As We Know It, Duhamel cherished working with his on-screen daughter. “That to me was the best part about the movie,” Duhamel said of working with triplets for the film. “What’s more innocent than a 15-month-old kid?…They’re about as pure as you can be.” And in real life, Duhamel can’t wait to start a family with wife of four years, pop star Fergie. “I want to have five boys,” he told Redbook. “Like a little basketball team.”
4. He’s easy on the eyes.
From Glamour to People, many magazines have named Duhamel as one of their sexiest men alive over the years.
5. He has plenty to promote.
Not only is he set to hit theaters in three films — the star-studded comedy Movie 43, romantic drama Safe Haven and thriller Scenic Route — but Duhamel just kicked off production of his upcoming drama You’re Not You, in which he will star alongside his New Year’s Eve costar, Hilary Swank, and Emmy Rossum.
Do you think Duhamel will sink or swim at Kids’ Choice host? Explain why in the comments below.
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n