servers exclaimed at the time. Drew Barrymore While there is no definite dollar amount shared on the actress' tipping history, Ana Ortiz, who plays Hilda on the hit show Ugly Betty, revealed during an interview with Latina that she'.../n
Charlie Sheen wants to make everything right, even if he wasn't the reason why it went wrong in the first place.The actor took to Twitter to promise a stiffed server a $1000 tip, after a waiter named Rob over at PYT restaurant in Philadelphia was reportedly dissed on a check by a pro footballer!Here's the backstory: Philadelphia Eagles player LeSean McCoy went into PYT a few days ago with three other friends, and when the bill (which totaled $61.56) came, McCoy ended up leaving Rob a 20-cent tip, according to owner Tommy Up. Yep, you read that right.So, Sheen, a fan of the burger joint, caught wind of the story, and reached out to owner Up on Twitter.

David Beckham The soccer stud reportedly left a $1000 tip on a $100 bill at Joxer Daly's bar while celebrating a win with his former teammates. But not only that, he was said to be a delight with fans. Waitress Claudia Belden was quoted as saying, "David only drank mineral water. He signed autographs for anyone who asked. He smelled so nice! I hugged him so tight and he didn't mind at all."

Russell Crowe While taking a break from shooting his film Robin Hood in the U.K., Crowe stopped at a West Wales pub where he left a £600 (or somewhere near $970) tip on top of a £240 check. Not only that, he also gave the staff an impromptu musical performance! "I've worked here for two and a half years and the bar staff don't usually even get tips. Our boss has shared it between all of us who worked that night so we'll be taking home about £60 each," one of the servers exclaimed at the time.

Drew Barrymore While there is no definite dollar amount shared on the actress' tipping history, Ana Ortiz, who plays Hilda on the hit show Ugly Betty, revealed during an interview with Latina that she's had the pleasure of serving Barrymore during her bartending days, and had nothing but nice things to say."Drew Barrymore is a great tipper. 100 percent of the bill, both times I served her," Ortiz said.

Ellen DeGeneres & Co.: Remember that magical moment during the Oscars when the show host got pizza for all of the star-studded guests? Well, aside from being in the same room as practically every A-list celeb in the industry (Angelina Jolie, Brad Pitt, Jared Leto, Matthew McConaughey...just to name a few), the pizza delivery guy was also gifted a $1000 tip!

Johnny Depp Saving the best for last, of course. Mohammed A. Sekhani, a veteran waiter at Chicago's legendary steakhouse Gibsons, was lucky enough to serve the actor and at the end of the meal, was given what just may be one of the largest tips ever. Depp left Sekhani a whopping $4,000 (!) on top of his bill."I have worked with a lot of stars like Sean Connery and Robert De Niro but Johnny Depp is my favorite. He is very soft spoken, very charming and sweet—when I wait for him he doesn't like to be too fussed over and is not in any way demanding," Mohammed said. "Because he had visited us before he calls me ‘Mo' and I know exactly the way he likes to be treated. He may be one of the most famous actors in the world but he is a very ‘humble guy' and a really cool dude."
/n