Ryan Edwards’ Fiancée Suffers MAJOR Loss In Custody Case After Drug Bombshell/n
Ryan Edwards’ fiancée Mackenzie Standifer can’t catch a break. After Maci Bookout exposed her baby daddy’s substance abuse issues on Teen Mom OG, RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned that Standifer suffered a loss in her custody case against her ex-husband.
In court papers obtained from Hamilton County Circuit Court, the court adjusted child support for their son Hudson in favor of Zachary Stephens.
READ THE SHOCKING COURT DOCS!
“Defendant shall pay to Plaintiff the sum of $245 per month to be paid at the rate of $113.07 bi-weekly,” the April 7, 2017 order read.
In court papers from November 29, 2016, Stephens was initially ordered to pay $503 per month to be paid at a rate of $232.15 bi-weekly.
The loss for Standifer, 21, comes after Bookout, 25, revealed on this week’s episode of TMOG that Edwards has been struggling with substance abuse issues.
“I’m going to be like, you have to go to rehab,” she told her husband Taylor McKinney. “Right now it’s about saving his life. Most nights I’m crying in our bed talking to you about whether or not today is the day he’s going to die.”
PHOTOS: Betrayal! Nude Photos! Arrests & More: Teen Moms’ 20 Most Shocking Scandals
Edwards sparked substance abuse issues last season when he was accused of being high when he slurred his words and seemed out of it on an episode. He denied the rumors at the time.
When the episode aired, Standifer confirmed his drug use.
“Here’s a thought… maybe instead of making assumptions and tearing people down, you could spend that time praying for us instead,” she added, “Strong is beautiful.”
She then hinted that her relationship with Edwards is still going strong despite his substance abuse issues.
PHOTOS: Teen Moms Out Of Control! The 50 Wildest Moments Of MTV’s Mothers
“Being married someday is going to be so dope,” she retweeted. “Like you get to come home to your best friend every single day and just do life together.”
Standifer’s dad exclusively told Radar that the family is holding an intervention for Edwards.
“We’ll get together and talk about it,” Bob Standifer Jr. told Radar. “I won’t talk without them present. Anything that we talk about, we’re all going to sit down together.”
Despite Edwards’ substance abuse issues, Bob insisted he is still excited for him to be his future son-in-law.
PHOTOS; Secret Children, Rehab & Rape Claims: What To Expect On The New Season of ‘Teen Mom OG’
“Ryan is a great guy,” he said.
Standifer and Edwards are getting married on November 18, 2017 in Chattanooga, Tennessee.
Standifer married her first husband on September 14, 2013 when she was five months pregnant with their son. She filed for divorce on July 13, 2016. The divorce was finalized on November 10, 2016.
Do you think the change in child support had to do with Edwards’ substance abuse issues? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n