Not My Fault! Former 'RHOC' Star Jeana Keough Lashes Out At Car Crash Victim/n
Jeana Keough is firing back at the woman claiming the former Real Housewives of Orange County star is responsible for injuries she suffered in a dangerous car crash in 2014 — and Radar has all the dirty details!
According to the exclusive court documents, the reality star denies any wrongdoing, instead blaming the woman for failing to wear a seat belt.
In August 2016, Marilu Cabanas sued the Orange County Transportation, a woman named Shi Yongrong and a Jane Doe, for negligence. According to the documents, Jane Doe is Keough.
PHOTOS: Struggling Shannon Checks In To ‘Fat Farm’ Ahead Of ‘RHOC’ Taping
Cabanas revealed that on August 11, 2014, she was riding the bus in the city of Mission Viejo. While on the bus, a white Mercedes GLK 350 — driven by Yongrong — sideswiped the vehicle.
The documents allege that the Mercedes that caused the accident is owned by Keough.
READ THE SHOCKING COURT DOCUMENTS
Upon impact in the crash, Cabanas was thrown forward in her seat, striking a metal pole in front of her. As a result, the woman claims she suffered severe bruising, pain and stiffness in her neck and upper back.
PHOTOS: Abuse, Neglect, & ‘Inappropriate’ Behavior! The 15 Most Shocking Allegations Against ‘RHOC’ Star Tamra Judge In Her Custody Case
The lawsuit accused Yongrong and the bus driver of negligence and reckless driving, claiming they caused the crash that left her disabled, unable to work and drowning in medical bills.
While the original complaint did not name Keough as a defendant, Cabanas recently amended her suit to replace Jane Doe with Keough’s name, claiming the reality star is responsible for the crash after allowing Yongrong to drive her Mercedes.
Meanwhile, Keough recently fired back against the lawsuit, denying all allegations and demanding the case be tossed out altogether.
PHOTOS: Divorce Back On? ‘RHOC’ Kelly Dodd Lists $6.25M Mansion
The former RHOC star argued that the suit was filed past the statute of limitations, pointing out that the accident took place on August 11, 2014.
“The plaintiff did not exercise ordinary care, caution or prudence to avoid or prevent the accident,”
Keough’s documents stated, arguing any injuries “were proximately contributed to and caused by the said fault, carelessness and negligence” by Cabanas.
Keough also claimed Cabanas’ “failure to wear a seat belt. . .was a contributing factor in causing the injuries, if any, and damages, if any, alleged by plaintiff.”
Story developing.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n