 EXCLUSIVE: David Beckham Loses $25 Million Legal Fight Against Hooker & Magazine Publisher.../n
David Beckham’s massive $25 million libel writ against a magazine publisher and a Bosnian hooker has been thrown out of a Los Angeles court, RadarOnline.com has learned.
U.S. District Judge Manuel L. Real told a Federal Court on Monday that In Touch Weekly’s article titled David’s Dangerous Betrayal, published on October 4, 2010, was in the public interest.
PHOTOS:  Hollywood Power Couples
Prostitute Irma Nici, 26, had alleged in the magazine that she had a series of sex romps with the soccer stud for $10,000 cash in London and New York in 2007.
Beckham, 35, was also suing Nici, as part of the legal action.
PHOTOS: David Beckham Shows Off His Fab Abs
However, in a sensational ruling, Judge Real found:
* Beckham is a public figure and the details of his private life are in the public interest;
PHOTOS: David Beckham Takes His Sons To Color Me Mine
* Nici has a right to make free speech; and
* Plaintiff (Beckham) has not demonstrated properly that the publisher demonstrated clear and convincing evidence it acted with malice.
PHOTOS: Hot Celebrity Moms
“While plaintiff points out red flags in Bauer’s story, the failure to investigate doesn’t establish malice,” Judge Real said, in handing down his finding.
Earlier Richard Kendel, a lawyer representing dad-of-three Beckham, argued In Touch’s reporting was reckless. 
PHOTOS: Celebs Who’ve Changed Their Names
In Touch had filed an anti-SLAPP (strategic lawsuit against public participation) motion, which Beckham had disputed, claiming the publisher demonstrated “willful blindness to the falsity of Nici’s story and Bauer’s malicious intentions to publish a salacious story about Beckham to sell magazines.”
In response, the magazine filed court papers suggesting Beckham was suspected of having late night hotel trysts with multiple women, behind-the-back of his Posh Spice wife Victoria.
PHOTOS: Stars Who Look Like Other Stars 
“(In Touch’s) published story was entirely consistent with Beckham’s reputation as a serial philanderer,” Elizabeth McNamara, a lawyer for In Touch, told court.
They claimed there were suspicions the dad-of-three carried on an affair with a Los Angeles-based lingerie saleswoman and would secretly meet her at the Figueroa Hotel near Staples Center after LA Lakers basketball games.
PHOTOS: Hot Hollywood Guys With Six Pack Abs
The footballer’s lawyer immediately said Beckham will appeal against the ruling and disprove the celebrity tabloid’s claims.
RELATED STORIES:
Man In Divorce Case Claims His Wife Had Affair With David BeckhamDavid Beckham Insists He’s Never Even Met Hooker Who Claims They Had SexVictoria Beckham Calls Husband David ‘Perfect’
PHOTOS: Stars Who Tatoo Their Lover’s Name /n