 Network Demands Ex-'Storage Wars' Star Dave Hester Fork Over $122K After Failed.../n
Even though former Storage Wars star Dave Hester was ordered to fork over a whopping $122,000 in legal fees as the result of his lawsuit against the hit show’s network, A&E, he is refusing to satisfy the judgement and RadarOnline.com has exclusively obtained the court documents to prove it.
Filed with the Los Angeles Superior Court on Oct. 16, the defendants replied to Hester’s order prohibiting enforcement of fee award, stating the reality TV star is “playing games.”
DOCUMENT: READ THE REPLY
“Plaintiff, however, not only has refused to satisfy that Judgment, he asks the Court to block Defendants’ attempts to enforce it, characterizing AETN’s [A&E Television Network] rightful enforcement efforts as ‘gamesmanship,'” the docs state.
“In reality, is it Plaintiff who is playing games, by misinterpreting (and ignoring) the clear law that entitles Defendants to enforce their judgment now. Plaintiff has no valid reason for this Court to intervene in their lawful and proper collection attempts.”
As Radar previously reported, Hester claimed he was fired from the series after alleging the reality show was staged. He sued both the production company, Original Productions, and the cable network that airs the shows, A&E.
PHOTOS: What’s Real, What’s Fake On Reality TV – The Ultimate Guide
The new court docs obtained by Radar state that judgment awarding attorney fees was entered on Aug. 8 and “Plaintiff has had two months to appeal (or pay). He has done neither. There is no justification for a discretionary stay; he should pay the monies owed to Defendants.”
Just days later, Hester responded to the defendants’ opposition and filed his reply with the court on Oct. 22 claiming the defendants have no right to his assets, including the unused portion of any retainer paid by Hester to his attorneys.
“Contrary to what Defendants argue, California law does not plainly provide that court orders awarding attorney’s fees are immediately appealable,” the docs state.
PHOTOS: Stars Most Embarrassing Moments
“Since Hester has no right to immediately appeal the attorney’s fee award, it follows that Defendants should have no right to prematurely enforce the award.”
Bottom line, Hester doesn’t want to pay up.
Hester’s high-profile lawyer, Marty Singer, backed down from his initial plan to have the show the subject of a court injunction and told The Hollywood Reporter, “We are looking forward to taking this case to a trial.” /n