Dolly Parton Thanks Fans for Making "My Little Girl Dreams Come True" During Star-Studded CMA Awards Tribute Reba McEntire followed with "9 to 5" while Kacey Musgraves belted out "Here You Come Again."  To close things out, co-host Carrie Underwood a.../n
The stars came through to honor the one and only Dolly Parton Wednesday night.Before the country music icon appeared on stage at the 2016 CMA Awards to accept her trophy for the Willie Nelson Lifetime Achievement Award, Dolly was treated to a star-studded tribute that included more than a few thoughtful words from close friend Lily Tomlin. "I go way back with the great Dolly Parton. While we were working on 9 to 5, she was working 24/7 on becoming one of America's best singer/songwriters," she explained. "And as Dolly's adoring fan and loving friend, I know why tonight Dolly is receiving the Willie Nelson Lifetime Achievement Award."She continued, "For being an iconic artist in country music, Dolly is country music, pure and simple…Dolly really is a force of nature and one of the greatest artists in the history of country music."What came next was a list of familiar faces and voices to sing classic hits from the singer. Jennifer Nettles and Pentatonix kicked things off with a rendition of "Jolene." 

Reba McEntire followed with "9 to 5" while Kacey Musgraves belted out "Here You Come Again." To close things out, co-host Carrie Underwood and Martina McBride came together for "I Will Always Love You." And yes, Dolly was moved to tears during the group performance. "This is such a great compliment. This is a wonderful, wonderful night for me so thank you for all of that," she shared before getting cut off. "I just want to thank all my fans and everybody for letting my little girl dreams come true." When Male Vocalist of the Year winner Chris Stapleton accepted his prize right after, he told the crowd: "If Dolly was still back there, I'd give her my time."

This certainly isn't the first award Dolly has received on behalf of the CMA Awards. Her first award from the association came in 1970 when she received the award for Vocal Duo of the Year.She would later earn Female Vocalist of the Year twice and then Entertainer of the Year in 1978.Safe to say Dolly has earned her spot in country music for many, many years to come.For complete coverage of the 2016 CMA Awards, watch E! News Thursday night at 7 p.m. and 11 p.m. 
/n