Kim's Secret Strip Tease! Kardashian's Hot Home Movie Leaks/n
“Take it off!” Kim Kardashian was a sexed up girl gone wild during a steamy strip tease on her 23rd birthday trip !
As Radar reported, Kardashian and then-boyfriend Ray J traveled to Cabo San Lucas in October 2003, and their infamous sex tape wasn’t the only thing they put on film.
The never-before-seen home videos show Kardashian as you’ve never seen her before – including one section where she laps up a sexy striptease by her boyfriend.
PHOTOS: So Much Back Fat! Kim Kardashian’s Rolls Emerge From Her Skirt In L.A. In 8 New Photos
Performing in a contest at a local bar, Ray gets down to the Prince song “Kiss” as Kardashian screams in the audience.
Grinding and stripping down for a random woman, Ray is totally focused on his performance while Kardashian screams, “Take it off!”
They also teamed up for a hot show of their own. In a couple’s dance, Ray happily grabs Kardashians boobs in front of the entire audience. In turn, raunchy Kardashian grabs his genitals as the host yells, “Come on girls, go for the jewels!”
PHOTOS: Kim Kardashian Bares Her Midriff & Ample Cleavage In Skimpy Bra ‘Top’ — 9 Photos Of Her Shocking Outfit
It gets even sloppier when the host asks their favorite sex position and Kardashian squeals, “Sideways!” just before Ray J pretends to tweak her nipples.
They continue feverishly making out as the host laughs, “You will never be able to run for Senator!”
The couple would break up three years later, and just a few months after the split their infamous sex tape with Vivid video was released, shooting them both to stardom.
PHOTOS: Selfie-Inflicted Pain — Kim Kardashian Roasted In Horrible And Funny Amazon.Com Reviews! Face The Fire In 10 Clicks
Kardashian has always insisted she had nothing to do with the film’s release, but if this home movie is any indication she certainly loved to get wild for the camera!
Are you surprised to see Kim get so down and dirty in public? Let us know in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n