I'm A Boob! Music Exec Apologizes To Heather McDonald For Sexual Harassment/n
Heather McDonald dropped the bombshell that her PodcastOne boss repeatedly sexually harassed her and he responded exclusively to RadarOnline.com, saying he made an “offhand comment, intended as a joke.”
The comedian, 46, released audio of 73-year-old Pattiz’ most recent attack .
She explained in her latest “Juicy Scoop” podcast that she had been recording ad spots for an older episode (under PodcastOne) when Pattiz walked into the room. He complimented her ratings, and stuck around while she filmed a spot for a “miracle bra” made out of “memory foam,” she said.
PHOTOS: Horrible Bosses! Hollywood’s Assistants Reveal The Outrageous Demands Of Their Honchos
“Can I hold your breasts?” Pattiz asked in-between takes. “Would that help?”
“No!” McDonald awkwardly laughed. “Not memory foam hands.”
“My memory!” he laughed back.
He then left the room, and McDonald left PoadcastOne shortly after.
Pattiz responded exclusively to Radar, saying that he apologized for the incident.
“During the taping of a commercial for Heather’s podcast, I made an offhand comment, intended as a joke, which, in hindsight, was inappropriate,” he said.
“I have apologized directly to Heather. It has never been my intention to do or say anything that would offend, frighten or cause Heather any discomfort whatsoever. If I did, it was certainly unintentional and I sincerely apologize, and would have done so immediately had I known.”
PHOTOS: Not Funny! 20 Comedians Who Have Been Blasted For Off-Color Jokes — Their Worst Zingers
However, McDonald said in her podcast that Pattiz also commented on her outfit choices and made jokes about following her into the bathroom. She said that she tried to work from home, but Pattiz would threaten other companies that would host her audio.
Pattiz did not address any of those accusations in his statement of apology to Radar.
McDonald said she was afraid to come forward because she didn’t want to be perceived as “hard to work with” after her feud with Chelsea Handler went public.
She hired a lawyer and after a lengthy legal battle she was able to leave as an independent contractor.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n