Meghan Markle's Half-Brother Speaks Out After Being Arrested For Pointing A Gun To His Girlfriend's Head/n

Well, this probably isn't the news the royal family wanted to hear…
Meghan Markle's half-brother, Thomas Markle, Jr., was arrested on Thursday after he allegedly held a gun to his girlfriend Darlene Blount's head during a heated argument.
(Note: this is the same half-brother who gave the extensive interview about Meghan's father having met Prince Harry.)
According to court documents, Blount called the cops after locking herself in the bathroom during the altercation:
"Markle and Blount got into an argument. In his drunken state Markle grabbed a gun and pressed it to Blount's head in an attempt to get her to leave."
The 50-year-old was charged with menacing, pointing a firearm, and unlawful use of a weapon.
Yikes.
Related: Kate Middleton Meets Meghan!
In the aftermath of the arrest, Markle's 24-year-old son Tyler gave a statement to The Sun on his father's behalf, saying: 
"I am incredibly sorry for my actions and I'm especially sorry to everyone affected by my drinking. I am seeking help and I promise I will be the best person I can be going forward. Thank you for understanding."
Tyler added in his own words:
"He knows it is an embarrassment to Meghan and the family. He is very sorry and is apologizing to everyone. He just needs some time to heal and reflect on life. But he wants to apologize for everything. He is in the spotlight now and everyone gets to see his flaws. Due to being inebriated, his emotions got the better of him and he got into an argument with his girlfriend. He's not like this normally. I also want to apologize on behalf of my dad. Unfortunately my father has a problem with alcohol. He is now in recovery."
Further, Tyler's mother Tracy Dooley claimed to have paid Markle's $1,500 bail bond following a 3 a.m. phone call from her ex-husband:
"It is pretty serious what happened and it shouldn't be taken lightly. But this is all about Meghan. She is being judged by people who are involved in her life. This is not who she is. I don't want anyone to judge Meghan off the back of this. She shouldn't be defined by anyone else's actions."
Catching wind of these statements, Markle has once again reached out to DailyMail.com saying everything that has been said by his family are "lies, all lies."
He explained:
"I didn't get bailed out by Tracy or ask her for any money – that was all lies, all lies. Tyler's statement is 100 per cent false. I haven't talked to Tyler for over two weeks."
Thomas — who called his mugshot "the goddamn worst picture of me ever taken" — also gave an update on how he's doing:
"I'm OK, I'm OK. There's a lot going on right now but it'll be fine. There's so much going on that people don't know about. What happened isn't what it seemed."
Wow, dramaaa.
So far no word from Meghan's camp, and we honestly don't expect one — but we'll keep you posted!
What do U make of all this, Perezcious readers?? SOUND OFF in the comments!
[Image via Josephine County Jail/WENN.]
/n