 Panic Attacks & Tears! 'Rehab Addict's Nicole Curtis Breaks Down Amid Custody Battle.../n
Nicole Curtis is finally cracking under immense pressure.
The Rehab Addict star confessed that she is suffering from extreme anxiety amid her bitter custody battle.
“Started my day with a panic attack, ended with sunset walk on the Pacific,” she wrote on Instagram, adding that E — perhaps teen son Ethan — brightened her day. “Someone surprised me with lunch today to remind me that I’m the chick that makes things happen. Had a good cry, fell into a good hug, got the I love you text I needed from E.”
PHOTOS: Rehab Update: Sad Lamar Odom Spotted At Treatment Facility After Tell-All Confession





 Started my day with a panic attack -ended with sunset walk on the Pacific. Someone surprised me with lunch today to remind me that I'm the chick that makes things happen. Had a good cry, fell into a good hug -got the I love you text I needed from E and I rocked the rest of this glorious day remembering that only fd up people would take the time to dedicate their days to attempting to ruin other's lives #lionsdontlosesleepovertheopinionsofsheep (at least not anymore :)) #freedom. And I'm not really stalking that happy couple on the beach -it does look that way:) #anxiety #breathe
A post shared by Nicole Curtis (@detroitdesign) on Apr 10, 2017 at 9:39pm PDT



She also detailed her breakdown on Twitter.

disclaimer: just like imitation crab there are imitation good people -looks good on the outside, but not the same inside
— Nicole Curtis (@nicolecurtis) April 10, 2017

Curtis, 40, is in the midst of a legal war with her ex, Shane Maguire, over their son Harper, 2.
Maguire, 52, even ordered the court to demand she undergo a psychological evaluation, and his relatives slammed Curtis’s “controlling” and “manipulative” ways.
She previously fought with her ex, Steven Cimini, over their son Ethan.
PHOTOS: Rock Bottom! Sad & Lonely Lamar Spotted Smoking At Rehab
In addition to chaos at home, she is fighting with the city of Minneapolis over a breach of contract she made in regards to her “$2 home.” A lawsuit was filed in January over the alleged incomplete renovations, and the discovery plan was put into motion in March.
A Hennepin County clerk confirmed to Radar that Curtis also owes two years’ worth of taxes on the home as well.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n