'He's Out Of Control': Sarah Palin Washes Her Hands Of Her 'Hot-Headed' Violent Son/n
Sarah Palin has turned her back on her boozing and brawling son Track — even as he wages a vicious custody war with his baby mama over his infant son, RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal.
In fact, the 27-year-old terror’s violent temper has alienated everyone around him!
“He’s hot-headed, he’s out of control and he has anger issues!” Matthew Loewe, the distraught father of Track’s baby mama, Jordan Loewe, told Radar.
“He’s thrown stuff at Jordan, thrown rocks at Jordan — he’s even thrown stuff at her when she was holding their baby!”
PHOTOS: Bristol Palin’s Controversies –– What’s True & What’s Not? Levi Johnston Speaks Out In 7 Clicks!
Jordan, 27, filed for full custody of their son after she told cops that Sarah Palin’s oldest son, also 27, punched her in the face at his parents’ Wasilla, Alaska, home in January 2016.
Track also allegedly threatened to shoot himself  with an assault rifle.
He was charged with assault, interfering with the report of a domestic violence crime and possessing a weapon while intoxicated.
The first two charges were dropped in July after Track agreed to plead guilty to misconduct involving weapons while being under the influence.
PHOTOS: Booze, Drugs & Baby Daddies! The Palin Clan’s Top Ten Secrets and Shockers EXPOSED
Track’s own lawyer exclusively told Radar that he needed treatment for his alcohol problem.
And despite being ordered to undergo a therapeutic program, Matthew says his behavior has done anything but improve since then.
“From time that this all started and the cops getting involved, I have yet to hear that [Track] is doing any therapy or anything.
If anything, Matthew said that Track’s gotten worse — even threatening his own parents when they tried to control his rage-fueled outbursts!
PHOTOS: Drugs, Booze & Mental Illnesses: Stars Who Have Relapsed AGAIN In 2016
“Track hates [his father] Todd,” according to Jordan’s dad. “Jordan and Track had an argument one night that it got so out of control she called… and they both came over.
“He threatened to beat up his dad, saying, ‘Come on old man, you’re full of metal now.'”
Matthew also revealed that the former governor and her husband have washed their hands of their troubled son — and even warned their daughter to get away from him.
“Before Jordan got pregnant, Todd told her, ‘I’d run if I were you,” Matthew revealed.
In fact, Sarah and Todd are so estranged from Track they have cut ties with him altogether, according to Matthew.
“From what Jordan has told me, Todd and Sarah, they don’t help him with s**t,” he said. “He threatened to beat [his dad] up! Do you think they’d help him?”
Worse yet, Track is already embroiled in another custody battle — with his first wife, Britta Hanson.
They split in 2012, but she took him back to court after his 2016 arrest, limiting his visitation time with daughter Kyla Grace, 4, to four days a month — with no overnight visits.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n