Clinton Camp Knew Anthony Weiner Was Sexting Underage Teen — 5 Years Ago!/n
Hillary Clinton‘s staff knew that Anthony Weiner had been sexting an underage girl as early as 2011, and didn’t act, shocking new emails released by WikiLeaks revealed.
News of an investigation into Weiner’s alleged messaging with a 17-year-old girl was passed onto John Podesta, now chair of Clinton’s presidential campaign, and adviser Neera Tanden. At the time, the former congressman was still married to Clinton’s top aide, Huma Abedin.
After word got out that Weiner was reportedly sending explicit messages to yet another teen earlier this year [], Abedin announced that she had separated from her husband.
PHOTOS: REVEALED: Hillary’s Daily Call List! Martha Stewart, Bon Jovi, Barbara Walters & More
“Police on Friday afternoon came to the home of a 17-year-old high school junior to ask her about direct online communications she has had with Rep. Anthony Weiner,” the 2011 email read, quoting a Fox News article. “Two officers from the New Castle County Police Department arrived at the girl’s home around 4:30 p.m. and asked to speak with the girl’s mother about the daughter’s contact with Weiner. Another officer appeared at the home a short time later.”
Just six days later, Wiener resigned after accidentally posting a shirtless photo of himself to the Twittersphere.
Now, the shamed politician has a much bigger scandal on his hands — involving Hillary herself!
PHOTOS: Hillary’s Lies EXPOSED! Clinton’s Top 5 Debate Whoppers
As Radar reported, the FBI reopened its investigation into Clinton’s private server — used during her time secretary of state — on Friday, after discovering new emails on a computer belonging to Weiner and Abedin.
According to the New York Times, senior law enforcement officials said that it was unclear if any of the emails were from Clinton’s private server.
The democratic nominee addressed the scandal during a rally in Florida on Saturday afternoon, slamming the FBI director’s announcement “unprecedented” and “deeply troubling,” ABC News reports.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n