First Photo! Alec Baldwin’s Stalker Revealed, Claims They Were Lovers/n





                    Alec Engaged
                







Alec Baldwin and Hilaria Thomas are getting hitched!

 MORE >>










                    Alec's Ring Bling
                







See Hilaria's engagement ring!

 MORE >>










                    AA Responds to Alec
                







American Air on the Alec Baldwin situation.

 MORE >>





Alec Baldwin’s stalker was released without bail from police custody late Monday, under a judge’s order to stay away from the 30 Rock star. 
Now, the first photo has emerged of French-Canadian actress Genevieve Sabourin leaving Manhattan Supreme Court. Despite being busted by cops, the woman is claiming she had a relationship with the newly engaged actor.
The New York Post is quoting an unnamed source who revealed Baldwin, 54, admitted to law enforcement authorities that he took the woman to dinner — twice — in 2011. But it was in a “strictly professional” manner, the source added.
Baldwin reportedly told cops that he was trying to help Genevieve, 40, land some movie roles. But she is insisting that the pair had more than a platonic relationship — and even sent him a series of emails. Click after the jump to read on.

Genevieve’s arrest outside the actor’s Manhattan apartment on Sunday night came a week after he announced his engagement to 28-year-old yoga instructor Hilaria Thomas. It was that news that reportedly led to the alleged stalker to bombard him with a series of emails.
On April 4th, she allegedly wrote: 
“I need to start my new life, with my new name . . . in my new country help me my newly [sic] husband, you!”
Another email read, “Please Alec come and pick me up now. I am less than 10 min away from you tonight. Say I do to me.”
“[Sabourin] said [she and Alec] had sex and she wanted to have his baby,” a New York law enforcement spokesperson told the Post. 
What do you think? Could this woman be telling the truth? Sound off in the comments, below.
/n