Pretty Little Liars Cast Officially Says Goodbye With Emotional Snaps Of Their Final Table Read EVER!!!/n

It's the end of an er-A.
While ABC Family itself wasn't able to survive into 2017, its flagship franchise Pretty Little Liars proved to be even more powerful than the network that started it all over the course of 150 episodes.
However, Freeform is gonna have to find a new cash cow soon… because PLL just had its final table read EVER on Wednesday!
Video: Bella Thorne Stars In PLL's Replacement Famous In Love 
Whether their characters are alive or not, Lucy Hale, Troian Bellisario, Shay Mitchell, Ashley Benson, and Sasha Pieterse all made sure to be there to see hear the Series Finale in action.
Judging by their tears, Shay and Ashley certainly seemed the most affected by the conclusion, but it was actually Lucy who shared the most poignant send-off, saying: 

"While we still have 15 more days of filming, I sit here with a heavy, but extremely full, and grateful heart after our official last table read of Pretty Little Liars. Aside from a murder mystery, mysterious Rosewood, the Hunt for A, and a lot of sketchy characters… the foundation of this show started and ended with friendship. Through it all, these characters stuck by each others' side. Knowing and working with each of these ladies has left such a huge mark on my life. And I'm not ready to say goodbye. ❤️"
Us neither, Luc!
Thankfully, we still have TEN more episodes to go before PLL bids its final farewell this April on Freeform.
Ch-ch-check out all of the cast's pretty little reactions (below)!!!

Last PLL table read ever today. I'm not emotionally prepared.
— Lucy Hale (@lucyhale) October 5, 2016


I wish all of u could've been sitting in on that table read. That was something magical and special and sad. We love you guys so much.
— Lucy Hale (@lucyhale) October 6, 2016




Table read for 720. Before. Because afterwards we were all hysterically crying and red. I cannot believe that was the last one we will ever do together. I love you all.A photo posted by Troian Bellisario (@sleepinthegardn) on Oct 5, 2016 at 6:31pm PDT




LOOK AT TWO COUSINS ROCKING THE BANGS I'M A MESS pic.twitter.com/GFzggQvED8
— c'est la guerre. (@safeplacetoIand) October 6, 2016


#PHOTOS Table de lecture du dernier épisode de la série #1 : pic.twitter.com/g7RZKZz6dy
— PLL France (@LittleLiarsFR) October 6, 2016

Last table read of PLL ever my heart. I will miss the table reads . Love #PLL pic.twitter.com/Hf0xBretNX
— Pretty Little Liars (@TownsofRosewood) October 6, 2016


Let's cry all together#PLL pic.twitter.com/kV2nQdXjAH
— Ian Harding Italy (@IanHardingITA) October 6, 2016
Are YOU ready to say goodbye??
Pretty Little Liars returns for its final stretch of episodes this April only on Freeform!
[Image via Lucy Hale/Instagram.]
/n