firm where Carrie now works during her "self-imposed exile" from the CIA in Berlin. And that's not all: Sebastian Koch will play Carrie's new boss, Otto Düring, the German philanthropist who owns the firm, and Sarah Sokol.../n
Everything—literally everything—will be different on the next season of Homeland. When the hit Showtime drama returns for season five this fall, not only will we have jumped ahead two years, but we'll be in a whole new country, watching Carrie (Claire Danes) work a whole new job surrounded by a whole new crop of people...including a new love interest. In fact, he's not just a love interest. E! News has learned that Carrie's straight-up boyfriend, Jonas, will be played by (hot!) German actor Alexander Fehling. Jonas works as legal counsel for the Düring Foundation, which is the private security firm where Carrie now works during her "self-imposed exile" from the CIA in Berlin.And that's not all: Sebastian Koch will play Carrie's new boss, Otto Düring, the German philanthropist who owns the firm, and Sarah Sokolovic has been cast as Laura Sutton, an American journalist who's also working for the Düring Foundation. Fortunately, even though the entire season will take place in Berlin and Carrie's got a lot of new coworkers, this doesn't mean we're leaving Saul (Mandy Patinkin) behind. He's even got a new employee, Allison, played by Miranda Otto, who works directly under him as the Berlin Chief of Station. 

E! News talked to the show's executive producers before this year's PaleyFest panel and found out just how much of a rough ride these changes are going to be for Carrie. "She has a new purpose and passion and I can probably tease that that's not going to last long," showrunner Alex Carey tells us. "She's going to have a relationship with German intelligence, and that's going to be one of the more interesting relationships this season because they are an ally, but it's a pretty rocky relationship regardless."However, not all of Carrie's personal life seems to be rocky, because it sounds like Carrie is finally—finally!—actually committing to her daughter, Frances. "She has come into her own with motherhood," showrunner Meredith Stiehm says. "She's grown up. Instead of her being the problem child, she's now the mother, she's lost her father, and she's grown into the adult of the family. The rockiness of being a mother happens to a lot of women, and they get through it after a couple years so Carrie is in a good place now."Carrie Matheson? In a good place? That doesn't sound like the Homeland we know and love, but we can't wait to see it anyway!Homeland season five premieres this fall on Showtime.  
/n