Naturally, there's a web of secrets at play in with this virtuous family. Tony-nominated stars Andy Karl (known for Rocky and On the Twentieth Century), Geneva Carr (known for Hand to God) and Christopher Sieber (known for Shrek the Mus.../n
It's finally happening: Law & Order: SVU is putting its spin on the Duggar family of 19 Kids and Counting and the controversy that has surrounded the reality TV stars—and there are twists galore.In "Patrimonial Burden," the Wednesday, Nov. 4, episode of the long-running NBC drama, the squad investigates a famous reality TV family after it's discovered the 13-year-old daughter is pregnant. Naturally, there's a web of secrets at play in with this virtuous family.Tony-nominated stars Andy Karl (known for Rocky and On the Twentieth Century), Geneva Carr (known for Hand to God) and Christopher Sieber (known for Shrek the Musical and Spamalot) all appear in the episode alongside guest stars Ryan Devlin, Victoria Leigh and Chris Elliott. In the episode, Sieber and Carr play husband and wife with 10 children. Not as many as 19, but hey, that'd be a big guest starring cast.

"With the Duggar one, it was like the double-whammy because it was his sisters and the fact—I mean, honestly, I feel like we're dealing with some topics this season that feel a bit meatier than some lunatic fringe family...I wouldn't mind doing one just because I have never been so infuriated with someone's level of hypocrisy, and lying, and then displacement of responsibility onto something else," Peter Scanavino, Detective Carisi on the show, told press on set of SVU prior to the season premiere. "When I think about that guy, it boils my blood, I will say."SVU also stars Mariska Hargitay, Kelli Giddish, Ice-T and Raúl Esparza.Law & Order: SVU has never been shy about taking on controversial subjects. The first episode this season was a twist on Robert Durst and the hot-mic on The Jinx. The Wednesday, Oct. 14, episode of the series will tackle police shootings when the NYPD falls under siege after the shooting death of an unarmed black man. In that episode, "Community Policing," detectives from another precinct shoot and kill an unarmed man while in pursuit of an SVU rape suspect. Barba (Esparza) is then tasked with indicting the three officers who claim they had no choice but to follow police procedure.Law & Order: SVU airs Wednesdays at 9 p.m. on NBC.(E! and NBC are both part of the NBCUniversal family.)
/n