Prince Philip Is Retiring From Public Engagements/n





                    See Queen Elizabeth II's Precious Birthday Portrait with Her Grand and Great-Grandkids
                







Aww, it's “Gan-Gan” and her happy royal brood.

 MORE >>










                    WATCH: Queen Elizabeth II Royally Scolds Prince William 
                







It's clear who runs this kingdom!

 MORE >>





Prince Philip will no longer be participating in public engagements come fall.

Queen Elizabeth II’s husband plans to stand down from his royal duties in September, Buckingham Palace announced Thursday (May 4, 2017). The 95-year-old will continue to attend any events scheduled between now and August, but will not accept any new invitations thereafter.
“His Royal Highness The Duke of Edinburgh has decided that he will no longer carry out public engagements from the autumn of this year. In taking this decision, the Duke has the full support of the Queen,” the couple’s office said in a statement.


26 British Royal Scandals








































26 Photos »


“Prince Philip will attend previously scheduled engagements between now and August, both individually and accompanying the Queen. Thereafter, the Duke will not be accepting new invitations for visits and engagements, although he may still choose to attend certain public events from time to time,” the statement read. “Her Majesty will continue to carry out a full program me of official engagements with the support of members of the Royal Family.”
Senior staff members for the royal family were called into an emergency meeting at Buckingham Palace prior to the announcement, sparking speculations that the Queen or Prince Philip’s health was declining.
U.K. tabloid The Sun accidentally published an unfinished obituary of Prince Philip. An executive for the publication later apologized for the error, saying, “We are mortified this happened.”


Queen Elizabeth II Becomes Britain's Longest Reigning Monarch








































8 Photos »


/n