 Comedic Relief! 'Fashion Police' Offers Margaret Cho Permanent Position -- Can Funny Lady.../n
No one can fill Joan Rivers‘ stilettos, but RadarOnline.com has learned that Fashion Police executives are hopeful Margaret Cho can bring the funny back to fashion!
Fashion Police returned to the air following the 2015 VMA Awards on September 31, with hosts Melissa Rivers, Giuliana Rancic and Brad Goreski. Joining the cast as guest hosts for the premiere episode were former Real Housewives of Atlanta star Nene Leakes and comedian Cho.
After the second episode aired this past week on September 7, viewers were pleasantly surprised to see that Cho was brought on once again as a guest judge. Now, according to a source close to production, they are hopeful her spot will become permanent!
PHOTOS: The Final Countdown? How ‘Fashion Police’ Crumbled In 20 Clicks – Dirty Details Revealed
“Margaret is the perfect choice to be a permanent host of Fashion Police, and they approached her weeks ago with the offer to stay on the show,” an insider tells Radar exclusively.
Cho, who is still mulling over the offer for now, continues to show her support for the show in the meantime. She took to her Instagram this week to promote the second episode, which featured Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Lisa Rinna.





 East coast! You're up! West coast join us at 8pm! @fashionpolice @eonline
A post shared by Margaret Cho (@margaret_cho) on Sep 7, 2015 at 5:05pm PDT


As Radar previously reported, before returning to the air several weeks ago, Fashion Police was on hiatus after a series of unfortunate incidents that started when co-host Rancic made controversial remarks about Zendaya Coleman‘s dreadlocks.
Although Rancic publicly apologized for the remarks, in which she said that Coleman’s hair “smelled like patchouli oil, or weed,” the backlash she received sparked a chain reaction that led to co-host Kelly Osbourne and newcomer Kathy Griffin leaving the show.
Do you think that Margaret Cho should be offered a permanent position of Fashion Police? Tell us your thoughts in the comments below. /n