De La Hoya - Fix Is in on Kinky Pix/nPhotogenic boxing champ Oscar De La Hoya says that a slew of photos making the Internet rounds purporting to show him in panties, fishnets and heels are fake -- and he's hired legal heavyweight Bert Fields to give the snaps the ol' roundhouse.Still, report Rush & Molloy, the exotic dancer who says she took the pictures insists they're real, and that they were taken at the Ritz-Carlton Hotel in Philadelphia in May.  "Now that she's being called a liar, she's ready to sell her story, " says Gotham mag columnist R. Couri Hay.But Fields swings back, saying, as many have, that the photos are  "a really bad photoshop job, " and demanded in a letter posted at Usmagazine.com that they be taken off the net. A little late.  Denise Tries to Prevent Charlie's Overnight Visits It just keeps getting uglier in the Sheen-Richards custody tussle, and yesterday the actress asked a judge to  "protect her children " from Charlie.Richards' lawyer tells People that Denise  "believes that Charlie has significant personal issues ... which require her to take action, " and she wants to stop Sheen's overnight visits with the kids, Sam, 3, and Lola, 2. The lawyer didn't specify what those  "issues " were.As usual, Sheen had plenty of venom in return, saying that Richards  "behaves as though she owns our children. She does not. A day of legal reckoning for her is fast approaching. " Hasselbeck – Battling Rosie Was Like Softball Game Rosie O'Donnell almost made Elisabeth Hasselbeck start boo-hooing during their infamous on-air scrape earlier this year, but Elisabeth used the power of softball to forestall her tears. Hasselbeck tells Pregnancy magazine,  "I almost had the same feeling in me as when I had a championship game and I was up to bat and the pressure was on ... I'm very lucky that tears didn't come out. " Hasselbeck played for Boston College before her  "View "-ership. Lizzie's second spawn drops in November. Perhaps Barry Manilow can do the show while she's on maternity leave!/n