Donald Trump Confirms He IS Under Special Investigation — And Dramatically Names The Man Responsible For It All!/n

Welcome to the Washington Witch Trials!
That's what President Donald Trump thinks of this pesky, ongoing investigation into his ties with Russia that just won't go away — no matter how many people he fires.
Related: Trump Now Accusing Hillary Clinton Of Russian 'Dealings'!
On Friday, POTUS started a new round of the blame game in a fiery tweet in which he finally admitted he was under investigation by Special Counsel Robert Mueller!
Not only that, but he spilled the beans on which of his supposed allies was behind this "witch hunt", posting on Twitter: 

I am being investigated for firing the FBI Director by the man who told me to fire the FBI Director! Witch Hunt
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 16, 2017
Drama! Twists! Betrayal! Is this real life or House of Cards?
As for the "man" leading the lynch mob, a Fox News source confirmed that the President's tweet was referring to Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein.
Back in May, the senior Justice Department official criticized former FBI Director James Comey's performance in a memo, which was one of the reasons Trump said he fired Comey in the first place.
Rosenstein then appointed Mueller to lead a wider probe focused on Russian meddling in last year's presidential election — but also made sure not to ignore the hornet's nest of allegations against Trump and his shady comrades.
Related: Trump Triggered Katy Perry's 'Full Sexual Liberation'!
Comey had also been heading the Russia investigation for the FBI, but made it clear to Trump he was not being investigated for any alleged collusion with Russia.
Well, that's all changed now — and apparently, we have Rosenstein to thank!
Twitter users were tickled by Trump's panicky post, with most responders decoding this blame shift as the investigation really closing in on the Big Cheeto.
Is this the beginning of the end? Lord, we hope so. See the reactions (below)!

He's going after Rosenstein.
This. Is. Magnificent. https://t.co/4APys1A9k0
— Rick Wilson (@TheRickWilson) June 16, 2017

interactions between WH and Rosenstein last night/this morning must have been really something https://t.co/UI726HSv3T
— John Harwood (@JohnJHarwood) June 16, 2017


"I was going to fire him regardless of the recommendation."
~ Donald Trump telling Lester Holt Rosenstein did not influence his decision. https://t.co/1bTuGkqr38
— Joe Scarborough (@JoeNBC) June 16, 2017


So, just hours after Rosenstein releases a weird statement about "anonymous sources," Trump throws Rosenstein under the bus? https://t.co/teRLZXsXLh
— Mike Levin (@MikeLevinCA) June 16, 2017

1/2 Oh holy shit. I'm just understanding this now. You're blaming Rosenstein for the decision. The Rosenstein smear campaign has started.
— david nuzzy nussbaum (@theNuzzy) June 16, 2017


2/2 You're gonna fire Rod & replace him with someone who will fire Mueller! Mueller must be close to having the goods on you. Nice
— david nuzzy nussbaum (@theNuzzy) June 16, 2017


Where have I heard this scenario before???? #nixon
— Karen Puckett (@KarenPu38922739) June 16, 2017


I thought you made the decision to fire Comey. Now you blame Rosenstein? Who did it, Donald? Witch one of you is the turd?
— Mofogop (@reddirthell) June 16, 2017
He must be shaking in his hairpiece!
Though it looks like Trump's Witch Hunter might already be hanging up his torch. ABC News reports that Rosenstein has privately acknowledged to colleagues he may have to go the way of Jeff Sessions and recuse himself from the matter:

Here we go. ABC scoops that Rosenstein has privately said he may need to recuse himself. https://t.co/2phnqkAIYF pic.twitter.com/f6XKikPpHI
— Eric Geller (@ericgeller) June 16, 2017
What. Is. Happening?!
[Image via C-SPAN.]
/n