Zooey Deschanel Talks Rapping with Justin Timberlake and Twitter Fails/n





                    Zooey Deschanel Thinks Everyones Obsession with Post-Baby Bodies is 'Odd'
                







The New Girl star makes an accurate observation

 MORE >>





Zooey Deschanel is the November cover girl for Cosmopolitan, and she talks about having a baby, taking a break from social media and that time Justin Timberlake taught her to rap.
For the soundtrack to the upcoming animated Trolls, Deschanel was asked to record a rap verse for a remix of Diana Ross’ “I’m Coming Out.” She explained, “They were like, are you ready to rap? I was like, uhhh… Justin Timberlake was producing it. He was there, and obviously, I have great admiration for the man. I didn’t want to screw it up, but the one thing I can’t do is that. It was really scary, but Justin was a great coach.”
As for taking maternity leave from her hit FOX show New Girl, Deschanel said, “We live in a country that doesn’t give paid maternity leave. I felt very lucky to have an employer who was understanding and let me have, like, four months with my baby before I had to go back to work.”


Style Profile: Zooey Deschanel








































19 Photos »


The break from social media came from a lot of bad things happening in the last couple of years, and never finding the right words to make it better. “A lot of very strange, tragic, sad, unfathomable things have happened… to the point where you’re like, no amount of thoughts and prayers can make this better,” the actress mused. “It makes me more reflective. I took a social media break because everyone feels the need to comment on everything immediately. Sometimes, we need to be thoughtful about what we say.”
Does she still have faith in humanity? “When I was growing up, I always thought the world would get less bigoted, less racist, and people would be more open-minded. For a while, I thought that was happening, but it’s been very scary the last few years. I really, truly believe that people are basically good in nature, and in the end, that prevails.”
Read more of the interview here and pick up a copy of Cosmopolitan, on newsstands October 11.


Style Showdown: 'Glee' Character Rachel Berry vs. Zooey Deschanel








































23 Photos »


/n