 Emma Stone & Andrew Garfield Might Be Back Together & It’s The Best News Ever.../n“They never stopped caring about each other,” a source who knows Emma told People magazine exclusively. “Even when they split, Emma and Andrew had great love and respect for each other.”“The feeling between them is still romantic,” said the insider.If Andrew and Emma have been trying to hide their road back to romance, they haven’t been doing a great job. In May, Emma was caught visiting her ex in London and attended his play Angels in America.“She left backstage with him,” an eyewitness told People.Andrew also told The Hollywood Reporter back in December that if he could take anyone with him to a desert island, it would be Emma. “I love Emma. She’s all right. She can come,” he said.One source, though, claims the two are just “great friends.” “They care about each other and encourage the other’s career,” said the insider. Still, the source believes the two would start dating again “if the timing is right.”Would you like to see Emma and Andrew get back together? Let us know in the comments below!“They never stopped caring about each other,” a source who knows Emma told People magazine exclusively. “Even when they split, Emma and Andrew had great love and respect for each other.”“The feeling between them is still romantic,” said the insider.If Andrew and Emma have been trying to hide their road back to romance, they haven’t been doing a great job. In May, Emma was caught visiting her ex in London and attended his play Angels in America.“She left backstage with him,” an eyewitness told People.Andrew also told The Hollywood Reporter back in December that if he could take anyone with him to a desert island, it would be Emma. “I love Emma. She’s all right. She can come,” he said.One source, though, claims the two are just “great friends.” “They care about each other and encourage the other’s career,” said the insider. Still, the source believes the two would start dating again “if the timing is right.”Would you like to see Emma and Andrew get back together? Let us know in the comments below!/n