President Obama, Kerry Washington React to South Carolina State House Removal of the Confederate Flag/n





                    Beyonce Remembers Charleston Shooting Victims in Touching Video
                









 MORE >>





American history was made on Friday, July 10 when the Confederate flag was removed from the South Carolina State House after 54 years.

Hundreds gathered to watch highway patrol officers lower the Southern banner whose history in racism resurfaced as a topic of discussion in the wake of last month’s Charleston church shooting.
A bill to lower the flag was proposed by democratic Senator Vincent Sheheen after it was featured in Dylann Roof’s online manifesto to racism which emerged following his massacre on the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church. This ceremony comes only one day after South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley signed Sheeran’s bill to affirm his proposition.


Female Celebrities We'd Like to See on the $10 Bill








































16 Photos »


It was decided after much debate that the flag would be moved to a state military museum for future exhibition.
Celebrities including Kerry Washington, Sara Bareilles, and the POTUS expressed their optimism towards this momentous event in modern history on social media.


South Carolina taking down the confederate flag – a signal of good will and healing, and a meaningful step towards a better future.
— President Obama (@POTUS) July 10, 2015







 YES.
A photo posted by Sara Bareilles (@sarabareilles) on Jul 10, 2015 at 7:31am PDT



“YES.”


History.
— kerry washington (@kerrywashington) July 10, 2015

 
Danielle Brooks from Orange is the New Black:


I wish I could be home right now… Witness history with my own eyes! #SC
— Danielle Brooks (@thedanieb) July 10, 2015

 
Bravo Executive Producer Andy Cohen:


goodbye, racist flag
— Andy Cohen (@Andy) July 10, 2015

 
Retta from Parks and Recreation:






 I'd like to echo @thisissanta's sentiment and say #GirlBye I will also add that anyone posting hate and nonsense on my feed can kick rocks and WILL be reported. Feel free to unfollow and take ur vitriol elsewhere.
A photo posted by Retta (@unforettable) on Jul 10, 2015 at 8:43am PDT



 
Mia Farrow:


A flag that unites us pic.twitter.com/HQB3YY7Yi3
— mia farrow (@MiaFarrow) July 10, 2015

 
Claudia Jordan of Real Housewives of Atlanta:


A step in the right direction as South Carolina lowers and removes the confederate flag.
— Claudia Jordan (@claudiajordan) July 10, 2015

 

/n