Louis Tomlinson Facing Jail After ‘Socking’ Fan In The Face During Airport Brawl/n
After RadarOnline.com exposed a world exclusive video that showed Louis Tomlinson tackling a photographer to the ground, a second victim at the scene wants him locked up.
As Radar reported, the showdown ensued after Tomlinson demanded a paparazzo, Karl Larssen, to stop snapping photos of him and on-again off-again girlfriend, Eleanor Calder, at Los Angeles International Airport on Friday night.
Larssen told the Sun On Sunday that the boyband hunk had “lunged for the camera.” He also recalled how the angry star “lifted my leg and then he hit me and I hit my own head.
“I was disoriented and I heard everyone screaming,” he said.
That’s when the 25-year-old British pop star had run over to help Calder, who also got into a brutal match with a female fan who was filming the altercation with Larssen.
PHOTOS: Rough Night? Zayn Malik Looks Grim In London One Day After Leaving One Direction Over His Hard Partying — 9 New Photos
“She pulled my phone, we started fighting,” the stunned 22-year-old said, who admitted she just wanted to see him because she was a fan. “The guy just grabbed me and threw me to the floor and socked me and that’s it.”
She went on, “Yeah I’m going to press charges.”
PHOTOS: The Shocking Divorce: Inside Angelina Jolie & Brad Pitt’s Miserable Last Days
An eyewitness told Radar that the woman he struck ended up with a cut above her eye and was shaken when police arrived at the scene.
“The whole thing was chaos, and Louis was aggressive and swearing,” a source told Radar.
Tomlinson was arrested at 11:45 p.m., where he was booked at the Los Angeles police station for the throwdown His bail was set at $20,000. He was later released at 1:45 a.m. His court date for the bust-up is set for March 29, where he may face up to six months in jail.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n