 ‘Humiliated!’ Mariah Carey’s Credit Card Declined During Beverly Hills Shopping.../n
Mariah Carey may now be wishing things would have worked out with her billionaire ex-fiancé James Packer! The singer’s high-end SoCal shopping spree turned “embarrassing” when her credit cards were declined, RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal.
“She was shopping on Rodeo Drive and her credit cards were declined,” an eyewitness told Radar. “When it happened at Louis Vuitton she thought it was a fluke. But when it happened three more times she was embarrassed and humiliated.”
Carey, 47, played it off like it was a mistake, as she left and came back to purchase the high-end items.
PHOTOS: Mariah Carey Caught Making Out With Ex Boytoy Bryan Tanaka
“She returned with an assistant and her manager Stella [Bulochnikov], who made a total scene,” the eyewitness said.
Bulochnikov is the lucky standup comedian-turned-music manager who was on the receiving end of Carey’s once-hefty bank account when the singer shelled out a whopping $34,000 on a Louis Vuitton trunk for her 44th birthday.
Yet, despite her cards not going through this time around, Carey didn’t walk away empty-handed.
PHOTOS: Sorry, Nick! Mariah Carey Is Dating Bryan Tanaka Again
“They ended up paying cash,” said the source. “But Mariah is blaming her manager for the cancelations, postponement and low ticket sales of her tour with Lionel Richie. She’s also had bad press and business deals. Stella keeps saying everything is going to be all right, but it’s not.”
This isn’t the only bad luck in the bucks department the Grammy winner has faced recently.
The superstar has spent millions she may not have on her new boy toy Bryan Tanaka only after she called off her South American shows because of late payments. She is currently suing the concert promoter.
PHOTOS: Turning Heads! Curvy Mariah Carey Busts Out Of Sheer Top In Barcelona
The music legend also only raked in $6.3 million in 2014 and demanded $50 million from her former businessman beau Packer after their engagement imploded.
She also had a disastrous live performance on New Year’s Eve, and her The House co-star recently called her out for being “unprofessional and borderline abusive” on set.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n