Retired Porn Star Claims Drake Got Her Pregnant/n





                    An Instagram Model Claims She's Pregnant with Drake's Baby
                







Champagne Papi may become an ACTUAL papi real soon!

 MORE >>










                    Drake and Rihanna Ran Into Each Other at a Party and It Was Awkward AF
                







Cringe!

 MORE >>





It seems everybody wants Drake to be their baby daddy.

Just weeks after an Instagram model claimed the “Fake Love” rapper had knocked her up, retired porn star Sophie Brussaux — aka Rosee Divine — is hurling allegations that she’s pregnant with his child.
Brussaux has hired two New York-based lawyers to seek child support from Drake when she gives birth, according to TMZ. She claims she’s three-and-a-half months pregnant, citing January 20 or 21 as the conception date.
The former adult entertainer also says Drake told her to get an abortion in a text message. While she has yet to provide screenshots of the exchange, she alleges the conversation went down like the following:
Drake: I want you to have an abortion.
Brussaux: I can’t kill my baby simply to indulge you sorry.
Drake: Indulge me? F*ck you.
Brussaux: What?
Drake: You do know what you’re doing you think you’re going to get money.
Though Drizzy’s camp say the former Degrassi star does know Brussaux, they claim, “This woman has a very questionable background. She has admitted to having multiple relationships. We understand she may have problems getting into the United States. She’s one of many women claiming he got them pregnant.”
“If it is in fact Drake’s child, which he does not believe, he would do the right thing by the child,” a rep tells TMZ.
Drake and Brussaux were photographed together on January 24 at a Japanese restaurant in Amsterdam. At the time, it was reported the Canadian emcee’s relationship with then-girlfriend Jennifer Lopez had hit a rough patch.


meet drake's one true love: knitted sweaters








































10 Photos »


/n