Dan Kay's Girlfriend Reveals Details On 'Survivor' Star's Mystery Death/n
Survivor: Gabon star Dan Kay died unexpectedly at 40 years old – and his family and friends are remaining strong in light of the former reality star’s death. Kay’s girlfriend Jennifer DePietro exclusively revealed to RadarOnline.com how his loved ones are handling the loss.
“We’re all doing fine,” DePietro, 36, told Radar. “We’re grieving. We’re not releasing how he passed at this time.”
The father-of-two’s December 31st death remains a mystery, as the Brookline Police Department exclusively told Radar how they are not investigating the passing.
PHOTOS: Hollywood Hero! Crash Survivor Harrison Ford’s 11 Most Iconic Roles – From Han Solo To Indiana Jones & More
The New Hampshire and Massachusetts Chief Medical Examiner offices also confirmed that they have not investigated Kay’s cause of death.
Kay’s Survivor family remains in the dark as well, as contestant Anthony Robinson exclusively told Radar, “No I haven’t heard anything. We’re all in shock and still don’t know what happened. His family didn’t want to release it. I respect that.”
“We’re sad about it,” Robinson continued. “He was a really, really nice guy. He was a really kind guy. It’s sad to see somebody that young and kind pass.”
PHOTOS: Miracle Survivors Amanda Berry & Gina DeJesus Reveal 21 Untold Secrets From Inside Cleveland Monster’s House Of Horrors
Kay competed on the CBS show in 2008.
His obituary explained how he “enjoyed running, skiing, listening to music, and attending Crossway Christian Church.”
“Dan had a smile that could light up a room,” the obituary read. “His desire to be challenged and his quest for adventure lead to his participation on the reality show, Survivor.”
Kay is survived by his two children, Reese Elizabeth and Jackson “Jax” Russell-Reid, girlfriend Jennifer DePietro, mother Jean-Ann, and sister Andrea.
PHOTOS: ‘Bloody Bodies, Screams & Gunshots!’ Orlando Survivor Relives Massacre
A memorial service for the Brookline, New Hampshire, attorney will take place on Saturday, January 7 at the Lambert Funeral Home & Crematory.
Story developing.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n