Blac Chyna’s Future Tattoo is the Real Deal and More Celebrity News/n
We’ve rounded up some of the best stories of the day, featuring news items that you may have missed with Blac Chyna, Oprah Winfrey, Leah Remini and other celebrity news stories.
Blac Chyna is trying to convince the world her Future tattoo isn’t the real deal — that it’s just a Sharpie drawing — but we have the proof it’s 100% authentic.
Chyna and her friends posted a video on Snapchat Wednesday night where they all had “Blac Chyna” written on their hands in Sharpie, and then she asked followers to do the same in solidarity. [TMZ]

When Oprah Winfrey was “ambushed” by a man claiming to be her “secret son” in NYC earlier this month, the talk show titan didn’t have much time to react.
But on Thursday, Oct. 29, the media mogul set the record straight about her relationship to Calvin Mitchell and what really happened that night. [Us Weekly]

Leah Remini’s 20/20 interview is shaping up to be quite the Scientology exposé. Remini, who was introduced to the church at a young age, is perhaps the most famous member to defect from the controversial religion.
In the newest clip, Remini reveals how Scientology places a special importance on the role of children within its hierarchical structure. [Huffington Post]

In case you need even more reasons to swoon over Tom Hardy…
First, there’s his continuing show of affection for dogs. Recently appearing as a guest on Paul O’Grady’s show For The Love Of Dogs, Hardy took time out to visit the Battersea Dogs’ Home and cuddle with some of the sweet canines. [Socialite Life]

WARNING: Unless you are caught up to the latest episode of The Walking Dead, spoilers can come lurching over the hill at any moment.
Daryl Dixon is one of the most popular characters on The Walking Dead. As played by Norman Reedus, Dixon’s character arc has been remarkable, charting the growth of a drifter redneck as he evolves into a leader with an open heart and mind. Check out Daryl’s best moments on The Walking Dead. [Ranker]

Sally Field is back in the upcoming flick, Hello, My Name Is Doris. The movie is directed by Michael Showalter (Wet Hot American Summer, duh), and has a super cool cast including Max Greenfield of New Girl, Beth Behrs of Two Broke Girls, Natasha Lyonne, and Jack Antonoff.
The film, which played at SXSW this year, features Sally Field as Doris, an older woman living in the past who’s whole life seems to change when she meets the sexy and confident John (Max) at her job, and is embraced by him and his friends. [Pink Is the New Blog]

 
AMC is extending its relationship with Norman Reedus. The cable network is teaming with The Walking Dead star for a six-episode docuseries exploring motorcycle culture.
Set to debut in 2016, each hourlong episode Ride With Norman Reedus (working title) will see the actor behind The Walking Dead’s Daryl Dixon explore local motorcycle culture and its history by taking rides through different cities with a riding companion. [CNN]


Today's Hottest Celebrity Sightings Photos








































75 Photos »


/n