Pippa Middleton, Emma Stone and More Stars Get Collared and Cuffed (GALLERY)/n





                    Black & White Style Showdown
                







Who wore it better? Olivia Wilde vs. Julianne Moore in white, and Khloe Kardashian vs. Britney Spears in black.

 MORE >>





 The Peter Pan collar, named after the white, rounded collar worn by Maude Adams in the 1905 American stage production of J.M. Barrie’s classic, has been long associated with little girls’ dresses and school uniforms.
However, this style, as well as the more common, angular white collar, has made a comeback in the fall collections of fashion heavyweights like Prada, DKNY, Louis Vuitton and Marc Jacobs, who’ve attached collars to dresses and tops alike.
White cuffs, reminiscent of the French sleeves typically fashioned with cufflinks, push the collared look into couture territory by adding structure and continuity.
And stylish stars like Emma Stone, Julia Roberts, Pippa Middleton — and the list goes on — are getting in on the trend.
But how to pull it off without veering into boarding school territory?

This style works on just about anyone wanting to dip her toe into menswear while still looking girly. White collars and cuffs work best as accents on fabrics like silk and cotton.
You’ll want the fabric to have enough weight to hold up the collar, but keep in mind that heavy fabric like tweed may make you appear boxy. As far as cut goes, dresses should hit above the knee to avoid coming off as staid.
Pair with feminine details like high heels and statement earrings – your outfit should be polished but not overly formal.  Avoid heavy knits that might make you look like schoolmarm and don’t pair tops with pleaded skirts and loafers so you don’t look like a schoolgirl.
If a dress is too much of a commitment, try a collared top instead, which can be a building block for many outfits: Wear tucked into a pencil skirt and accent with a skinny belt, leave it untucked with jeans or wear it either loose or tucked with skinny dress pants.


trend alert: collars are popping on dresses, shirts, and more








































13 Photos »


We’ve rounded up celebs in dresses with collars and cuffs to show you how to pull it off — and how not to pull it off here. Then share which star you think really rocked the look. 
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n