Jackson Memorial Service -- All The Details /n
12:40 p.m.  In a heartbreaking tribute, Michael’s daughter Paris steps up to the microphone and choking back tears says: “I just wanted to say, ever since I was born Daddy has been the best father you could ever imagine. And I just wanted to say I love him so much.”   Janet then embraces her. The service has now ended. The casket is led out of the Staples Center.
Click here for photos of the memorial service, updated regularly.
12:34 p.m.  Jermaine Jackson thanks everyone for coming to the memorial  and says he’s “lost for words.”   Jackson’s other brother Marlon chokes back tears as he addresses the crowd. Marlon says:  “Michael when you left us, a part of me went with you, and a part of you will live forever within me, and a part of you will live forever in all of us.” Marlon gets a laugh telling a story of once spotting Michael in a record store buying a lot of c.d.s.  Marlon says Michael was in disguise. He says Michael was surprised Marlon recognized him, but Marlon told him : You’re my brother.”
Marlon also says Jackson was ridiculed in life, and says “maybe now they will leave you alone.”  Marlon says he has one request of Michael, “to give his twin brother Brandon a hug from me.”
12:29 p.m.  – A group of children enter the stage holding hands.  A singer performs Heal The World. The children sing along.  Jackson’s family, including his three children, are on stage, along with many celebrities including Brooke Shields, Usher and Smokey Robinson.
12:28 p.m. Members of the Jackson family, including Janet and LaToya ,  join the singers on stage to finish singing  We Are The World.
12:28 p.m.   High School Musical Director/choreographer Kenny Ortega takes to the stage and says Michael Jackson will live in  our hearts forever. A group of singers then sings We Are The World.
12:20 p.m.   12-year-old Shaheen Jafargholi – a finalist in Britain’s Got Talent– takes to the stage and sings Who’s Lovin’ You.  The crowd bursts into applause. Jafargholi thanks Michael for inspiring him.  Jafargholi  starred  in Thriller, a collection of Michael Jackson songs playing on stage in London’s West End.
12:18 p.m. – Robinson finishes his comments by saying: “I love you my brother. I celebrate your life. I am proud that I had the chance to know you. God bless you. I know he is.”  Robinson then walks into the crowd and embraces the Jackson family.
12:16 p.m. – A video clip of a young Michael singing Who’s Loving You is shown on a giant television screen. Smokey Robinson then walks onto the stage and gets a laugh when he says “I wrote that song” referring to the clip. Robinson calls Jackson “my little brother” and said he never thought he’d live to see him gone. Robinson then says: “He will never really be gone. He will live forever and ever and ever.”
12:10 p.m. – Usher – still singing – walks down and gently touches Michael’s casket. He chokes back tears as he finishes the song and stars at the casket, taking off his sunglasses. He walks into the crowd and embraces Jackson’s family, kissing his mother Katherine.
12:08 p.m. – Usher, wearing a black suit, tie, dark sunglasses and yellow rose on his lapel sings Gone Too Soon.
12:06 p.m. – Lee announces that she will introduce on the floor of the House of Representatives Resolution 600 which will honor Jackson as a musical legend, an icon and a humanitarian who will be honored forever. Crowd bursts into applause.
12:02 p.m. – Texas Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee addresses crowd. Crowd erupts into applause when she says people are innocent until proven guilty. Lee calls Jackson a “Good Samaritan”, a man who cared and loved for the world.
11:58 a.m. – Martin Luther King III, son of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr, addresses the crowd and says: “Michael Jackson was truly the best of what he was.” The crowd applauds. Dr. Bernice King, Dr. King’s daughter, then says: “Michael’s life was inspired by the love of God. Few are chosen from amongst us to demonstrate God’s love in an effort to bring the world together in true sister and brotherhood. Michael was such a one.” Dr. Bernice King says in October  2005, Michael, who was in the Middle East at the time, called their mother after she suffered a stroke, and said he had praying on his knees every day for her.” She calls Michael a “shining light.”
11:49 a.m. Michael’s older brother Jermaine – wearing a single sequined glove – sings Smile. Images of Michael as a young boy appear on a giant screen in the Staples Center.
11:48 a.m. – Shields says one of Michael’s favorite songs was Smile from the Charlie Chaplin movie Modern Times. Ends her speech saying: “We need to smile.” Shields then goes into crowd and hugs Michael’s family and gives a kiss to Jackson’s mother Katherine.
11:41 a.m. – Brooke Shields, who dated Jackson in the 1970’s, takes to the stage, fighting back tears. She calls him “one of a kind.” She said people often called them an odd couple, but said they had the most natural and easiest of friendships. Shields said: “We had a bond. We both understood what it was like to be in the spotlight at an early age.” Shields gets a laugh from the crowd when she said she once told Jackson that she started when she was eleven months old, and that he was a “slacker” for starting when he was 5. Shields called his sense of humor “delightful” and said they loved to laugh.
11:37 a.m. – Mayer goes into the crowd and hugs members of the Jackson family. Each of Michael’s brothers are wearing a single sparkled glove in his honor.
11:34 a.m. – John Mayer, dressed in a blue shirt, tie and vest, takes to the stage. Mayer plays his guitar along with an orchestra playing Human Nature.
11:30 a.m. – Cameras pan to a picture of the Jackson family in the crowd. Michael’s mother Katherine is crying and wipes away tears. Sharpton ends his address by repeatedly saying “Thank you Michael. Thank you Michael.” The oldest boy Prince is chewing gum and all the family and three kids stand up and clapped when Sharpton said their Daddy wasn’t weird and that what he had to deal with was weird. Members of the family then hug Sharpton.
11:28 a.m. – Sharpton says: “Michael made us love each other”, and opened the door for Barack Obama to become President. Sharpton repeatedly says  “Michael never stopped.. Michael never stopped.”  The crowd bursts into applause.
11:26 a.m. – The Rev. Al Sharpton – advisor to the Jackson family – takes to the stage. Says “Michael never let the world turn him around from his dreams”. Says he first met Michael in 1970. Sharpton says: “He refused to let people decide his value” and that “he broke down the color curtain.”
11:22 a.m. – Jennifer Hudson takes to the stage and sings Will You Be There. The crowd jumps to their feet dancing and clapping.
11:18 a.m. – Johnson thanks Jackson for opening doors to African-Americans, allowing them to be seen more widely on television. Johnson praises  Jackson’s mother Katherine, saying she will take incredible care of Michael’s three children. Johnson also praises other members of the Jackson family. He ends by saying, “May God continue to bless you Michael.”
11:15 a.m. – Kobe Bryant and Magic Johnson take to the stage. Bryant calls Jackson a true humanitarian. Johnson says he met Jackie Jackson thirty years ago, and that’s how he eventually met Michael. Johnson calls Jackson the “greatest entertainer ever.”
11:15 a.m. – Stevie Wonder ends his song by simply saying “I love you.”  The crowd erupts with applause.
11:07 a.m. – Stevie Wonder is led to the stage. He sits at a piano and says: “I do know God is good. I do know as much as we may feel that we need Michael here with us, God must have needed him far more. Michael I love you, and I told you that many times. I am at peace with that.”Wonder then sings Never Dreamed You’d Leave In Summer.
11:04am – A montage of clips from Jackson’s greatest video is projected onto giant screens inside the Staples Center.
11:02am – Gordy calls Jackson “the greatest entertainer that ever lived.” The crowd erupts into applause. Gordy finishes by saying “you will live in my heart forever. I love you.”
11 a.m. – Gordy says “Though it ended way too soon, Michael’s life was beautiful. Michael Jackson accomplished everything he dreamed of.”
10:55 a.m. – Berry Gordy, founder of Motown Records, addresses crowd and says “He was like a son to me. Our deep condolences go out to all his family…”
10:50 a.m. – Lionel Richie – whose band The Commodores performed with the Jackson 5 in the 1970’s – sings Jesus Is Love. People in the crowd are sobbing and swaying back and forth.
10:45 a.m. – Queen Latifah addresses crowd: “I’ve loved Michael all my life… Michael was the biggest star on earth.”
10:40 a.m. – Mariah Carey sings I’ll Be There, originally performed by the Jackson 5. She performs with backup singer Trey Lorenz.

As the world watches on, Michael Jackson’s legacy is re-lived by the family, friends, and fans who stepped out on Tuesday to pay their respects to the man who inspired their careers, childhoods, and lives. RadarOnline.com will be giving you all the latest news, updates, and insider information about the official memorial being held at the Staples Center in Los Angeles.
Click here to see photos from Michael Jackson’s private family viewing Monday night 
As the doors opened, ticket holders- who had been patiently waiting their turn to enter for hours- were greeted by a program to commemorate the moment. On the cover, a picture of Jackson at his finest graced a gold background with the words “King of Pop A Celebration of Michael Jackson 1958- 2009.” Inside are poignant comments from loved ones as well as photos of Jackson with dignitaries like Nelson Mandela and Ronald Reagan.
Click here to read about the memorial program.
The fans filling the arena also cam prepared with their own tributes. “Thank you for the soundtrack of my childhood RIP forever” one memorial board said. On the stage, a spot for a casket stood empty an hour before the ceremony was originally slated to begin.
Michael Jackson: A Life In Pictures
“I think Michael Jackson lived one of the most unique, tragic and triumphant lives,” Omarosa told RadarOnline.com as she walked into the arena. While headliners like Mariah Carey, John Mayer, Jennifer Hudson and Stevie Wonder among others were announced to take part in the memorial, countless other celebrities also filled the Staples Center. Chris Brown arrived with a group of people, the Kardashian sisters- Kim, Khloe, and Kourtney– paid respects to their friend with mom Kris Jenner, and Spike Lee took his seat with his wife. /n