Celebuzz’d 018: The Real Housewives of New Jersey Get Real-er Over Rosé/n





                    Celebuzz'd 017: An 'Orange Is the New Black' Theory 
                







We're onto you, Lolly.

 MORE >>





What happens when you put a room full of Real Housewives in a room with a bottle of rosé and a few microphones?

Jacqueline Laurita, Siggy Flicker, and Dolores Catania of The Real Housewives of New Jersey dropped by to chat about the upcoming Season 7 over Underwood Rosé with Celebuzz’d host, Mia Lardiere. Flicker, one of the newest featured cast members on the show, shared her advice as a relationships expert with her own book, Write Your Own Fairy Tale: The New Rules for Dating, Relationships, and Finding Love On Your Terms.
“Do not wait for any man to come knocking on your door, he is not the Dominos guy,” says Flicker. “They don’t come in 15 minutes. You gotta love yourself first and you have to not surround yourself with toxic energy. It’s like a vision board: if you see it and believe it, and you can eat it and taste it and smell it, you’re gonna have it. “
Catania, a longtime friend of Teresa Giudice that has previously been on the show, advocates for Giudice’s well-intentioned side that she has witnessed as they grew up together.
“I don’t think Teresa would ever intentionally hurt anyone,” says Catania. “Teresa, to me, she’s always been the same Teresa that I know. She’s never going to change. What may not be bad to me may be bad to someone else. It’s all relative to who’s looking at it.”
Laurita issues her own opinion on Giudice. “I was friends with her for 13 years, so there’s obviously things that I love about Teresa. Sometimes when you’re close to somebody, they can frustrate the crap out of you. Sometimes it’s a love-hate.”


	Teresa Giudice Signs Her Tell-All Memoir at Barnes & Noble








































14 Photos »


Past drama aside, the women say that this season, airing on Sunday. July 10 at 8 p.m. EST on Bravo, is the most real season yet. 
“Anybody who says they have a perfect life is a liar. We keep it real because what makes us so real is that we have fallen flat on our face, but we pick each other up,” says Flicker, before issuing her message to the “bottom-feeders.”
“This is who we are. We’re putting it out there, we’re here to entertain you, but we’re also here to inspire you. You don’t like it? We block and delete you. Take the ‘l’ out of ‘lover,’ our relationship is OVER.”
Listen to the full interview in the player below. Afterward, check out Flicker’s podcast with Jersey Shore’s Sammi Sweetheart and Clare Galterio, Just Sayin’, over on iTunes.

Subscribe to Celebuzz’d on iTunes, Stitcher, and Soundcloud to get new episodes of our podcast as soon as they come available.
/n