Britney Drops Dime in Rehab/nLooks like rehab did more than good for Britney Spears' soul – she also dropped a surprising ten pounds during her stay in Promises, and got herself not just buff, but buffed with spa treatments.That Other Blog tells us this morning that the pop princess lost at least 10 lbs. during her stay at Promises – a figure that's backed up by snaps from the weekend, which TMZ showed you yesterday. What's more, adds TOB, while inside she was treated to several spa treatments that included skin cleansing, helping to release toxins from her system. And as TMZ's been told, Britney's made a real and significant turnaround since she checked in to the Malibu rehab facility. Eminem and Ex-Wife Agree to Shut Up Now this, folks, is real news. Eminem and his ex-wife Kim Mathers actually agreed not to trash each other in public – for the sake of their daughter. The couple made the decision during a court hearing in Michigan after Eminem (aka Marshall Mathers) filed a motion Friday to muzzle Kim, after she'd made numerous salacious comments about the rapper. Kim had told one TV interviewer that she'd been driven to attempt suicide by Eminem, and recently told a Detroit radio station that he was unfaithful and uncaring and said some uncomplimentary things about his sexual athleticism. Eminem didn't actually appear in court, except by phone, and his lawyer said,  "We're happy the court was able to bring this matter to a just and equitable resolution. " Piven Gets Pissy, Again Jeremy Piven may need to learn how to cook for himself pretty soon, as he's getting the ol' 86 from a growing slew of eateries. The  "Entourage " star got into a tiff, reports Ben Widdicombe of the New York Daily News, with a hostess at an unnamed restaurant off Vine in Hollywood. It seems that Piven tried to get into the joint on Valentine's Day without a reservation, but when the hostess explained that they were booked solid, Jeremy exploded.  "Believe it or not, he used the 'Don't you know who I am?' line, " says Widdicombe's source. And then he got all Ari Gold on the hostess, humiliating her for working in a restaurant. This incident follows on allegations that Piven's been banned from Nobu restaurants across the world for his boorish behavior at the Aspen branch. Party Favors: Jessica Simpson Gives Minivan to Mexicans ... Kumar Teaches Penn Kids About Movies ... Damon and Wahlberg Team Up for Boxing Flick Remember when Jessica Simpson won a Chrysler Crossfire last fall and everyone was, like,  "What does she need with a new car? " Well, turns out Jessica is giving it to someone who really needs it. Simpson exchanged the sports coupe for a minivan and donated it to a Mexican orphanage she supports, says People. ... Now his parents can finally tell the neighbors what he's up to: Kal Penn, he of Kumar of  "Harold and Kumar " fame, will be teaching classes at -- where else -- the University of Pennsylvania as a special instructor. Penn will teach classes about teen movies and Asian-Americans in film. ... Matt Damon and Mark Wahlberg will team up in  "The Fighter, " a boxing drama that is in talks now, as Variety reports, to be directed by  "The Fountain's " Darren Aronofsky./n