Kate Gosselin Goes On Her First Blind Date On 'Kate Plus 8' — Do Her Kids Approve?/n
Romance is in the air!
This week on Kate Plus 8, “Williamsburg” pal Deanna stopped by the house, flitting around in a flowing dress as she prepped Kate Gosselin‘s hair for a date later that night.
“He’s very good looking,” Deanna reassured Kate of her potential new man. “I told him you were a very hot blonde…with 8 kids.”
Kate’s blind date was with Vann, an “interesting” man who shared Kate’s love of the “open waters,” but didn’t live in Pennsylvania, which forced Kate (and Deanna) to take a town car to New York City for the occasion. It’s safe to say no one told Kate about Tinder.
PHOTOS: Kate Gosselin’s 21 Monster Mom Moments
Before the night out, the so-called “monster” mom’s brood of eight expressed their opinions on her potential coupling.
Daughter Mady offered, “I think it’s good for her to find a husband so she doesn’t die alone.”
Joel was a tad gentler, saying, “Finally little birdy has sprouted wings and flown the nest.”
Meanwhile, challenges aside, pal Deanna was dead set on making Kate’s date a success, perhaps because she was looking for a potential spinoff show.
PHOTOS: On The Warpath! Bethenny Frankel Slams Kate Gosselin, Giuliana Rancic & Other Reality Stars In Blistering Radio Interview — 10 Epic Disses
What a catch! Living in New York City, Vann resides where there is quite literally a man shortage. Despite the plethora of single women to choose from in the Big Apple, Vann decided on none other than Kate Gosselin, mother-of-eight from Pennsylvania (that’s a red flag, ladies).
In any case, Vann and Kate took a helicopter ride over Manhattan, where Kate stuck to worldly topics like, “Oh the Statue of Liberty! I once took a boat around that,” or “I think there was a navy ship I visited in North Carolina.” She pretty much nailed it.
Then, the pair went to dinner at a fancy Italian restaurant in the city. Always the charmer, Kate laid some great lines on Vann the Navy Man. They were sweet nothings every man wants to hear on a first date: “I don’t date” and “I don’t get out of the house much.” No pressure, Vann.
PHOTOS: Kate Gosselin Jogs
These two had so much fun at dinner that they ordered some dessert and coffee. That’s where things really started to heat up! Just kidding, Kate brought up her kids again and Vann just nodded a lot.
Outside the restaurant, Kate was awkward, even for her.
“I wasn’t sure what I was supposed to do and there are all these cameras around,” she lamented in confesisonal. “End of dates are weird to me!”
As Kate leaned in for a hug, city slicker Vann gave her a kiss on the cheek!
During her on-camera interview, Kate reflected on that subtle kiss, saying, “That was just awkward to me.”
Even Deanna, a woman full of hemp oil and good vibes called Kate on her hang-ups, “I don’t think that’s awkward though.”
Grow up, Kate — at least before thirteen year-old Mady sees this episode and starts rolling her eyes. /n