BUSTED! Kyle Richards Confronts Lisa Rinna For Trashing Kim's Sobriety/n
Lisa Rinna has dug herself a deep hole and she may not be able to climb out! The former soap star shifted the blame entirely onto “friend” Eden Sassoon when Kyle Richards confronted her about all the Kim Richards “enabler” gossip.
The women were enjoying The Agency’s luxurious launch party in Punta Mita, Mexico when the face-to-face happened.
“Did you or did you not say that my sister is close to death?” asked Kyle, clearly pissed off.
PHOTOS: Mean Girls At War! ‘RHOBH’ Cast Gangs Up On Newcomer Eden Sassoon
But Lisa appeared confused and claimed she couldn’t recall any conversation with Eden.
“I do not ever remember saying that,” Rubba explained. “If I did it, I will cop to it. I just don’t know if I said those words. I don’t know if I said those words.”
Yet, a few weeks ago the cameras caught Rinna saying verbatim to Eden: “That’s what Kyle’s afraid of. She’s afraid to turn her back on her sister because of that. She’s afraid she’s going to die … They’re this close to Kim dying.”
So… her story is a little hard to believe and Lisa Vanderpump questioned her memory loss big time.
The SURver boss quipped, “Seems to me like there’s a great case of selective memory going on.”
PHOTOS: Fights & Frenemies! ‘Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills’ Season 7 Secrets REVEALED
Rinna did admit to one aspect on the confrontation: “All I can say to you is that I had a very deep conversation about Eden … I said I do not want to talk about this — I do not want to have this conversation. She wanted to try and fix my relationship with Kim. This is Eden — I’m sorry, I’m not going to take this.”
And in that moment, the QVC queen, threw her friend under the bus. “I am not going to allow Eden Sassoon to twist what I have done,” she declared.
The pressure seemed too much for Rinna and she had to remove herself from the situation and began to cry outside the venue.
“I feel like I’ve been stabbed in the back!” she sobbed to Dorit Kemsley and Eileen Davidson. “Please take the knife out of my back because it’s not okay with me. What did I do? I did not see any of this going on and now I feel blindsided.”
When the replay does happen, Lisa will have to live up her motto and “cop” to those words.
The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills airs Tuesday at 9pm ET on Bravo. /n