They Gave It All Away/n
KAREN PITTELMAN
GAVE AWAY $3 MILLION
Though she grew up in an apartment on Manhattan’s affluent Upper East Side, Pittelman never knew how wealthy she was until she turned 21 while a senior at Brown University. That’s when Pittelman—whose family never discussed money—learned that she had some $3 million in a trust established by her maternal grandfather, Leonard Litwin, 90, a New York developer formerly named by Forbes magazine as one of the 400 wealthiest Americans. “I freaked out,” says Pittelman, 29. “I didn’t feel like I could hold onto my values and have this money.” Despite her parents’ initial reservations, she used all but $15,000 to launch the Chahara Foundation. Named for a homeless girl she once helped as a volunteer in a Dorchester, Mass., child-care center, it funds non-profits that provide low-income women with everything from job resources to grassroots political organization. “I went from thinking she was crazy,” says Karen McManus, a Chahara board member, “to being totally mesmerized by her commitment to helping others.” Now living in New York City with her longtime boyfriend, Pittelman works for Cambridge, Mass-based Resource Generation, which assists wealthy young adults in giving money to combat social problems. “I realized I could actually put the money behind values,” she says. “That was a profound lesson.”
JESSIE O’NEILL
WALKED AWAY FROM INHERITED MILLIONS
One of 22 grandchildren of the late General Motors president Charles E. Wilson, O’Neill, 54, grew up in a Delray Beach, Fla., mansion staffed with servants and learned early that wealth has its privileges. But she also witnessed its ravages: Trapped by feelings of aimlessness, alcoholism and depression, O’Neill says at least two of her cousins committed suicide. O’Neill herself developed a drinking problem when she was younger, and at that time, she saw her family fortune as a burden. “I didn’t like the way relationships changed when people found out I was wealthy,” she recalls. “So I often kept it secret.” O’Neill eventually got sober and, at 40, took 10 friends on a Caribbean cruise—the first time she can remember money ever making her happy. “It was a rewarding experience,” she says. “I wanted to give more money away.” And she has. In 1996 O’Neill wrote The Golden Ghetto, a book about how riches can lead to unhappiness, and then launched The Affluenza Project, a group that helps people cope with what she terms “a dysfunctional relationship with wealth”—by giving it away. Running workshops and giving speeches to help people avoid money’s pitfalls, the mother of two grown daughters has given away much of her multimillion-dollar inheritance to a variety of environmental and political causes. “She’s inspiring,” says daughter Maggie, 21, a college junior (O’Neill has already set some money aside for her children). Which, says O’Neill, makes her choices all the more fulfilling: “I feel as if I have done what I was put on earth to do.”
ZELL KRAVINSKY
GAVE AWAY $45 MILLION
Some folks who know Kravinsky admire his big heart; others think he needs his noggin examined. In the 1990s the onetime public school teacher borrowed money to purchase several Philadelphia buildings—and wound up amassing a real estate fortune worth tens of millions. Since then, he’s given nearly every penny of it away, including gifts worth $6.2 million to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, its largest gift ever from a single donor. Kravinsky, 50, also turned $30 million in real estate holdings into a charitable trust to benefit Ohio State University’s School of Public Health and donated a $3 million building to a school for special-needs children. But Kravinsky offers others more than money: In July 2003 he also donated a kidney to a total stranger who was on dialysis. “What are you going to do next?” asked one exasperated relative. “Give your head away?” Nor did the transplant please his wife, Emily, 47, who didn’t know he was scheduled for surgery that morning. Despite some marital strain, Kravinsky says the couple still live with their children in an old twin Victorian in Jenkintown, Pa. And he adds that compulsive giving has given him something priceless in return: serenity. “What would keep me up at night,” he says, “is the thought that I haven’t done enough to help others.”
HARLOW FULLWOOD JR.
GAVE AWAY $5 MILLION
Raised in rural North Carolina, Fullwood, 63, got a leg up with a football scholarship to Virginia Union University in 1959. “I didn’t realize I was poor until I went to college,” he says. But Fullwood—who went on to a brief stint with the NFL’s Baltimore Colts—was pushed to succeed by the school’s president, who exacted a promise from his former pupil on his deathbed. “He said, ‘I want you to make a commitment…to reach down and lift [people] up as I have done.’ ” After serving more than 23 years on Baltimore’s police force, Fullwood resigned in 1984 to operate two area Kentucky Fried Chicken franchises—and earned millions. Some of the money helped him and wife Elnora, 64, put their own son and daughter through school, but most went into a family foundation, which has since paid some $5 million to help more than 500 local underprivileged kids attend colleges such as Harvard, Juilliard and Fullwood’s alma mater. One beneficiary is Scott Phillips, 43, who went to Virginia Union thanks to Fullwood and is now a lawyer heading IBM’s minority-business programs. “I felt like he gave me a shot,” says Phillips, “and I had to make the best of it.” That, says Fullwood, who lives simply in the modest four-bedroom home he purchased 20 years ago, would make his mentor proud. “I often say to the students, ‘Don’t worry about paying me,’ ” he says. “‘Just help lift up another.’ ”
Thomas Fields-Meyer. Victoria Brett in Cambridge, Mass., Robert Calandra in Jenkintown, Pa., Caroline Howard and Beth Perry in New York City, Pam Grout in Lawrence, Kan., Melody Simmons in Silver Spring, Md. and Margaret Nelson in Minneapolis
/n