Miley Cyrus Won't Do a Hannah Montana Reboot Because She's Sick of Her Dad
/n
Reboots of classic TV shows are all the rage. Full House has done it. So has Gilmore Girls and Arrested Development. Twin Peaks is on the way. And just this week, NBC and ABC confirmed Will & Grace and Roseanne would be back too.
But could a reboot of Hannah Montana be in the future?
Not if Miley Cyrus has anything to do with it.
The 24-year-old singer, who starred as a normal girl by day and famous singer by night on the hit Disney Channel show from 2006 to 2011, told The Zach Sang Show on Tuesday that she has no plans to step back into Montana’s shoes — mainly because the series would likely involved her dad, Billy Ray Cyrus.
DISNEY CHANNEL/BYRON COHEN
“[I] probably [wouldn’t do a Hannah Montana reboot],” she said when asked if she would revive the show. “It’s a lot of time to be spent with my dad. You know, my dad was my dad on the show. I have enough dad time.”
According to Miley, not having an escape from her family was stifling. “That was really hard every day from, like, [ages] 11 to 18,” she said. “I didn’t get a school escape like most people. I went to work with my dad. And then I started driving my dad toward the end, when I could start driving. And then my grandma went with me every day. It was a lot of time with dad and grandma.”
Joel Warren/ Disney Channel /Courtesy Everett Collection
It also fueled her wild image over the past few years. “That’s why, as soon as I turned 18, you guys wonder why I was twerking at Juicy J shows,” she joked. “I had just spent 10 years every day with my dad and grandma! I had to break free.”
COINAGE: Mind-Blowing American Idol Success Stories From Kelly Clarkson to Carrie Underwood

Miley has left much of that behind now — with a hot new single, a stripped-down mellow sound, and a softer image. And though she’s not looking forward to working with her dad every day, Billy Ray is joining her on season 13 of The Voice as a guest mentor.
“I asked my dad to be my mentor because I’ve loved him being my mega-mentor, so I want him to be [that] for the other kids as well,” Miley said. “And I’m coming for Blake [Shelton], so that’s why! I’m bringing in Dad.”
And just because she’s not interested in going back to her Disney Channel days doesn’t mean Miley won’t be watching — especially Raven-Symoné’s upcoming That’s So Raven reboot.
“I’m really excited for that,” Cyrus said. “That’s going to be my binge watch of the year, for sure.”
/n