White-Hot! Bethenny Frankel, 46, Shows Off Her Fit Frame in a Bikini During Ibiza Vacation/n
Bethenny Frankel is serving bod!
The Real Housewives of New York City star is currently on vacation in Ibiza, Spain, and was spotted Saturday hitting the beach in a pretty white bikini with a string bottom and off-the-shoulder, ruffled top.
Aside from a set of super-toned abs, Frankel, 46, accessorized the look with multiple bracelets and a watch, a wide-brimmed beige hat, hoop earrings, purple-tinted sunglasses and a gold necklace as she soaked up the sun.
The star has been sharing multiple photos from her sunny vacation, featuring herself in multiple swimsuits and even a peek into the local cuisine.





 Take your pic #summerholiday
A post shared by Bethenny Frankel (@bethennyfrankel) on Aug 25, 2017 at 1:00pm PDT







 Here’s looking at you, Ibiza
A post shared by Bethenny Frankel (@bethennyfrankel) on Aug 27, 2017 at 5:19am PDT


RELATED VIDEO: RHONY Star Bethenny Frankel Responds to Critics about Her Being Too Skinny

“Chicken under the brick with roasted potatoes… crispy, zesty, delicious #foodporn,” she captioned a Sunday snap of a tasty-looking dish.





 Chicken under the brick with roasted potatoes… crispy, zesty, delicious #foodporn
A post shared by Bethenny Frankel (@bethennyfrankel) on Aug 27, 2017 at 1:22pm PDT


RELATED: Why Bethenny Frankel Feels Like She’s “Always Apologizing for Being Successful”
Frankel’s trip comes after RHONY’s season 9 reunion episodes are currently airing in the U.S. — the second of which aired Wednesday and saw the television personality, author and Skinnygirl mogul break down in tears about the “torment and torture” she’s had to deal with “every single second” since her split from ex-husband Jason Hoppy.
In her emotional recollection, Frankel shared her feelings about the harassment and stalking charges she’s brought against Hoppy, after he was arrested in January for allegedly threatening the star at their 7-year-old daughter Bryn Casey‘s school.





 Beachin’ all day @tajbysabrina
A post shared by Bethenny Frankel (@bethennyfrankel) on Aug 26, 2017 at 12:47pm PDT


FROM PEN: Supermodel Christie Brinkley is 63 and back in SI‘s Swimsuit Issue with Her Daughters!

 
RELATED GALLERY: Bethenny Frankel’s Best Itty-Bitty Bikini Moments
But the future Shark Tank judge is prioritizing her own health and happiness — not only through her European getaway, but in her love life as well.
“It’s more than giving it another shot,” Frankel said on Wednesday’s episode of rekindling her relationship with banker Dennis Shields. “Things had to be dealt with and sort of a gauntlet needed to be gotten through and it happened. I’m in a better place. And I’m in a better place to make a sane decision.”
 
/n