 Fred Willard Banished To Spare Room By Furious Wife Following Indecent Exposure Arrest.../n
By Jon Boon – Radar Reporter
Following his recent highly embarrassing arrest for indecent exposure, Fred Willard‘s wife has relegated the comedic actor to the spare room, RadarOnline.com is exclusively reporting.
Mary, the funnyman’s other half of 40 years, told hubby Fred he must sleep there until she forgives him, and she’s even told him they have to drop any jokes that involve porn from the regular comedy spot that they perform together!
As RadarOnline.com previously reported, the 78-year-old actor was taken into custody for lewd conduct last week after he was allegedly caught at an adult movie theater with his genitals exposed and his pants down.
PHOTOS:  Sexy Stars Who Have Been Arrested 
“Fred has been made to stew in the spare room of their home,” a source revealed. “Mary still can’t believe he got caught doing something so stupid – and until she’s over it and he’s in the good books again he’s staying there.
“She’s also warned him to cut any jokes about porn from their comedy project together, the MoHo Group, which they perform regularly at the Bang Theater.
“At the moment, Fred just has to grin and bear it because Mary is absolutely right to discipline him like this.
PHOTOS:  Celebs Who Have Done Jail Time
“And for all the embarrassment it has caused her, with friends and the general public heckling the pair in public, it’s just what he deserves!”
Meanwhile, Willard has tried to make light of the incident and claims it has been blown out of proportion.
“Wait til u hear my version; much more PG. & my review, lousy film, but theater would make a terrific racquetball court. The Full story 2 follow,” he tweeted Monday.
Willard has appeared in many films and TV shows including Harold & Kumar Go to White Castle, Anchorman, Best in Show, For Your Consideration, American Wedding and Everybody Loves Raymond.
 
RELATED STORIES: 
Nude Photos Of Actress Veronika London Leaked, Intended For Shane West!
Demi Moore Shows Her Face For First Time Since Daughter’s Nude Photo Scandal
Tallulah Willis Puts Nude Photo Scandal Behind Her, Steps Out With Her Boyfriend
Tallulah Willis Dodges Major Embarrassment: Nude Photos Will Not Be Published /n