Louie Vito Talks About Chemistry with Chelsie Hightower/n
    Another Monday, which means another blog about Dancing With The Stars from me. 
I wanted to start this week’s blog off by saying THANK YOU to everyone who voted for me last week. It definitely wasn’t my best dance but I worked hard and did it the best I could. It was a hard dance to do because it is a dance that is suppose to showcase the woman and one where the guy leads her around the entire dance. Let me tell you, although it is called a 2-step, it’s a lot harder than it sounds. 
Enough of that, let’s move on to this week. I was ready from day one to step it up and make sure this was one of my better dances. The only thing is, I had to learn three dances this week. The Argentine tango, the hustle (group dance) and a knockout dance, which will be used next week if you are in the bottom two. I tried to put most of my effort and focus on the Argentine tango since the hustle is not judged and I felt like I needed to give you, the viewers, a better dance after last week.

The Argentine tango is a good dance for me, I think. It kind of reminds me of the rumba. I just try to think that it is just Chelsie and me on the dance floor and block everything else out. I gotta tell you, it isn’t that hard to just focus on her! There is some more footwork than the rumba, but I think I am going to be able to do it pretty well.  
A fun way that helped me get into character for the rumba was creating an alter ego named “Vito Suave.” Well for this week, I created “Vito Loco.” What I never realized with dance was that it requires a lot of acting and getting into character. Most dances tell a story and even the littlest facial expression can make a dance that much better. So hopefully I can make this Argentine Tango tell a story! 
Chemistry, Chemistry, Chemistry … I don’t actually have much to say about this. Chelsie and I get along. We are the same age which works for the better… . and for worse sometimes. It is easier to relate and get along with each other, but it also causes some problems because we are the same age. I spend 5-8 hours a day with her EVERY day. That is more time than I have ever spent with EVERY one of my past girlfriends put together, and more time than I spend with family and friends on most days. How do you not get close to each other? I am comfortable around her, and she is teaching me to dance. When we do the romantic dances, I just feel the dance and go with the flow. That is as much as I can give you today. The rest is up to you guys to figure out….. –Louie  Craig Sjodin/ABC
/n