Here’s the Halloween Movies Available on All Your Got-To Platforms/n





                    Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom Win the Prize at Kate Hudson's Annual Halloween Party
                







Katy Perry transforming herself into Democratic presidential...

 MORE >>





Halloween is nearly here! But it’s not spook season without a terrifying movie or two! That’s why we combed through the top three streaming platforms to put together the best options for you gather the friends and family for a good scare! Happy Halloween!

NETFLIX
Underworld – Kate Beckinsale plays a bloodsucker waging war with werewolves until a mere mortal (Scott Speedman) and his unique bloodline complicates this ancient struggle.





Sleepy Hallow – Tim Burton and Johnny Depp paired up for this retelling of the Washington Irving short story with a lot more blood.
Hotel Transylvania 2 – All your favorite goofy ghouls return for a second visit to the haunted hotel – now open to humans!
Goosebumps – Jack Black plays real-life author R.L. Stine battling his monstrous literary creations with his daughter and her friends in this family friendly romp!
The Amityville Horror (2005) – Based on the legendary true story, the film is about a family that moves into a home in upstate New York where terrifying and strange things start happening.
Hush – A deaf woman in an isolated cabin fends off a lone home intruder with only one goal — to take her life.
The Addams Family – Marvelously macabre, Gomez and his wife Morticia welcome the return of his long-missing brother Fester, who is hiding something.
The Corpse Bride – Victor, a hapless bachelor, accidentally weds a dead woman who was murdered on her wedding night in this stop-motion creation.
Practical Magic – Sandra Bullock and Nicole Kidman are a pair of witchy sisters fending off literally evil men and coming to grips with their powers.
Scream 2 – Sidney Prescott (Neve Campbell) is back! This time she’s in college fighting off a new serial killer with her friends. This is ’90 slasher sequel heaven!


Heidi Klum's 16th Annual Halloween Bash








































16 Photos »


E.T. The Extra-Terrestrial – It’s the timeless story of a young boy named Elliott’s friendship with a creature from another world.
Sweeney Todd: The Demon Barber of Fleet Street – Can’t get enough Tim Burton and Johnny Depp? This time they paired up to adapt a musical about a bloodthirsty barber out for revenge in 19th century London.
Heathers – Winona Ryder plays Veronica, a high school girl who gets involved with a devious boy in order to escape a coveted teenage clique.
The Invitation – Will and Kira attend a bizarre dinner party in the Hollywood Hills where nothing is what it seems. The final scene is simply unforgettable…
The Babadook – A single mother and her son are terrorized by a horrifying creature from a pop-up book.
The Crow – Eric is murdered the day before his wedding. One year later, he returns from the dead to take his revenge in the streets of Detroit.
Antichrist – Lar Von Trier directed this horrifying tale of two parents’ grief as it plays out in the wilderness. Warning: this is the kind of stuff you can’t unsee.


Stars Attend Kate Hudson's Halloween Bash








































14 Photos »


Hellboy – Ron Perlman stars in this comic book adaptation about a demonic creature’s exploits as a superhero working for the U.S. government.
Monsters – A man is tasked with taking his boss’s daughter through a portion of Mexico overrun with enormous squid-like aliens.
A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night – The film’s tagline is “the first Iranian vampire Western.” That’s all you need!
Room 237 – Love Stanley Kubrick’s The Shining? This documentary explores the director’s obsessive attention to detail and numerous fan theories surrounding the classic film.
AMAZON
The Witch – A puritan family is plagued by a creature who brings their Biblical fears to life.





1408 – A horror writer spends the night in a haunted New York hotel room where he is tormented by inexplicable events.
Interview with a Vampire: The Vampire Chronicles – Brad Pitt plays a vampire who shares his gruesome, centuries-spanning story with a San Francisco reporter.
The Blair Witch Project – Three filmmakers head into a New England forest to make a documentary about a supposed local witch, only their footage is found.
Final Destination – After somehow cheating death, a group of teens are picked off one by one under mysterious circumstances.
Bram Stoker’s Dracula – Gary Oldman, Winona Ryder and Keanu Reeves head up a retelling of the vampire from Transylvania’s classic story.
Rosemary’s Baby – A woman is impregnated by the devil in this terrifying film by Roman Polanski.
Paranormal Activity: The Ghost Dimension – The fourth installment in this found-footage franchise about a family stalked by a demonic force.
HULU
Carrie – Based on Stephen King’s novel, a tormented teenage girl discovers she has telepathy, which she uses to fight back against those who have harmed her.





Child’s Play – The cult classic about a doll named Chucky that comes alive and terrorizes a family.
Invasion of the Body Snatchers – A small town is overrun by “pod people” in disguise in this science fiction classic.
The Others – Nicole Kidman plays a mother fighting to protect her two children from mysterious forces in their enormous English home.
The Texas Chainsaw Massacre – A group of unlucky teens find themselves on the run from a chainsaw-wielding psychopathic killer in the desolation of Texas.
Silence of the Lambs – An FBI trainee seeks the help of a notorious imprisoned psychiatrist in order to catch a serial killer.
Cloverfield – A man attempts to rescue his ladylove as New York is attacked by a giant interplanetary monster. More found-footage fun!
From Dusk till Dawn – Two demented brothers on the run find themselves battling vampires at a Mexican roadhouse.


Brad Pitt's Red Carpet Style Evolution








































35 Photos »


Blue Velvet – A college kid finds himself facing off against a small-town crime boss who is out of his mind.
The House of the Devil – A college student takes a babysitting job at an isolated house where bizarre and terrifying events start happening.
The Innkeepers – The employees at a historic and haunted inn experience a number of supernatural events the last week the establishment is open.
The Descent – An all-female group of friends go caving in the Appalachian mountains and stumble upon a species of blind humanoid creatures which they must fight to escape.
Killer Clowns from Outer Space – A group of nasty alien clowns arrive in small-town America to run amok.
The Amityville Horror (1979) – The retelling of infamous case of the Lutz family who moved into a home where a mass murder had been committed, prompted bizarre events.


Beyonce, Jay Z and Blue Ivy Celebrate Halloween 2015








































13 Photos »


American Psycho – Patrick Bateman (Christian Bale) is a Wall Street fixture with everything a man could want, but he also has a dark and violent secret life.
Hellraiser – A family opens a doorway to another dimension inhabited by merciless creatures called Cenobites. This one is not for the faint of heart.
Children of the Corn – A mysterious entity convinces a group of kids in Nebraska to kill all the adults in town in ensure a good corn harvest. Yep, Stephen King wrote this one too.
Eraserhead – Henry Spencer cares for his deformed child in a bleak, industrial town in David Lynch’s cult classic.
The Human Centipede 1 &2 – A German doctor surgically connects victims in order to create…well, the titles say it all, really.


Celebrities in Halloween Costumes








































105 Photos »


/n