Jennifer Lopez Confirms Couple Name with A-Rod, Debuts New Song at Billboard Latin Music Awards/n





                    Jennifer Lopez Remembers the Lunch that Led Her to A. Rod
                







Love is Cobb salad and tortilla soup

 MORE >>





As per usual, Jennifer Lopez blew her fans away at the 2017 Billboard Latin Music Awards on Thursday night (Apr. 27, 2017).

Lopez stunned on the red carpet, wearing a skin-tight, skin-baring Julien Macdonald gown from his Fall 2017 ready-to-wear collection with earrings by Lynn Ban and shoes by Jimmy Choo. During the ceremony, she performed “Mirate,” a new single from her forthcoming Spanish album. Lopez’s ex-husband Marc Anthony, with whom she is collaborating on the album, was the first to jump on his feet to give her a standing ovation when the song ended. Entertainment Tonight asked her what it was like to work with him again on a professional level after the performance.
“I mean there’s nobody better than him in Latin music,” Lopez told ET. “I am probably his biggest fan. Honestly, to have him work on the album with me was scary, because I thought, ‘We’re gonna fight,’ but there is nobody else I would want to do music with.”
Lopez was honored with two awards throughout the evening, including the Premio de la Estrella Award (Telemundo’s Star Award) and Best Social Media. She admitted to loving selfies in her speech for the latter, but she stressed the importance of using social media as a tool to communicate directly with her fans.
“That truly excites me,” Lopez said. “Most importantly, let’s remember to use our voices on social media to do good, to spread positive messages.”


Jennifer Lopez Attends the Billboard Latin Music Awards








































7 Photos »


Lopez’s current beau Alex Rodriguez wasn’t present at the ceremony because he was working in Connecticut, but she said that he “loves” her new music.
“I’m so excited, you know, every time I finish something, I bring it home and I want him to hear it,” Lopez told ET. “He’s so supportive. He’s such a supportive person and he’s so lovely.”
On the topic of their popular couple name, “J-Rod,” Lopez says that “it’s fine” for their fans to keep using it.
“We kind of thought that would happen because people who knew us were already [saying] it,” she explained. ‘So, you guys, it’s not like you were original or anything.”
Launch the gallery at the top of the page to see more photos of Lopez on the red carpet at the Billboard Latin Music Awards.
/n