UPDATE! Grey's Anatomy Alum Sandra Oh Finally Comments on Owen and Amelia Tying the Knot Word of Owen and Amelia's marriage on Grey's Anatomy has traveled quite slowly from Seattle to Switzerland, it seems. Grey's alum Sa.../n
Word of Owen and Amelia's marriage on Grey's Anatomy has traveled quite slowly from Seattle to Switzerland, it seems.Grey's alum Sandra Oh—the one time Mrs. Owen Hunt before her character Cristina Yang moved abroad—is finally commenting on the new union, a full three weeks after it aired on TV—and she doesn't seem to pleased at the plot twist.The actress reunited with former scene partner Kevin McKidd on Thursday night, tweeting a photo from the moment on Friday with the caption, "And wait - my TV husband has a new TV wife?? Xqueez me? I don't think so, Ha! Owen what r u thinking??" She followed that up with a second photo of herself with McKidd, this time with a message aimed at the portrayer of his new on-screen love interest, Caterina Scorsone. 

"So much love 2 @caterinatweets Yay Canada. But he's Myyy Tv hubby," she wrote, before including a winking emoji. "After Oh made her thoughts known, E! News caught up with Grey's Anatomy executive producer Betsy Beers down at the ATX Festival in Austin, TX, where we shared the hilarious tweets with her and asked what she think Cristina's reaction would be to Owen's new marriages. "They won't be getting any cuckoo clocks from Switzerland," she quipped. Sounds like Cristina's probably feeling the same as her portrayer! 

Not willing to let Oh have the last word, Scorsone replied to tweets a few hours later, reminding the actress that maybe she should've stayed married to the man if she wanted to keep dibs on him. "Haha! He has impeccable taste times two. Love to my sister wife," she tweeted. "#canadiandames #shouldhavekeptaringonit." (Both Scorsone and Oh are from Canada.)Oh departed Grey's Anatomy back in 2014 after ten seasons as Meredith Grey's (Ellen Pompeo) "person." She announced her departure ahead of her final season, releasing a statement that read, "It's been a great privilege to play the character of Cristina Yang on GA and I am both sad and excited to see where this, her final season will take her. It was an emotional and deeply creative decision for me and I feel fully supported by Shonda [Rhimes] and the writers. It's so rare in an actor's life to be able to explore and grow a character so fully, so completely. I am profoundly grateful to everyone at GA for the opportunity. I'm excited to celebrate and cherish every moment of my final season on GA with the fans who have made it all possible."Grey's Anatomy returns for season 13 this fall on ABC.
/n