Annette Bening Opens Up About Posing Without Makeup for Vanity Fair: "It Was Really a Thrill" Annette Bening is fine to pose without a stitch of makeup. The 55-year-old actress stopped by Live! With Kelly and Michael to dish about .../n
Annette Bening is fine to pose without a stitch of makeup.The 55-year-old actress stopped by Live! With Kelly and Michael to dish about her recent natural and fresh-faced photograph featured in Vanity Fair."We did one show when Kelly Ripa lost a bet to me and had to do the show without makeup," co-host Michael Strahan said. "And I know you posed for Vanity Fair magazine with no makeup."American painter and photographer Chuck Close took the "raw portraits" with "a rare and impressive 20-by-24-inch Polaroid camera". Kate Winslet, Scarlett Johansson, Oprah Winfrey and more are featured in the magazine's spread.

"He's one of the greatest artists in history," The Kids Are Alright star revealed. "And I knew if it was Chuck Close, he makes amazing portraits so once you're asked to do something for Chuck Close, then you just say, 'I'll be there.' That's how I felt. He's an amazing human being and a great artist. So it was really a thrill.""I bet it's your favorite photo shoot because one of the most dreaded things about the photo shoot would be the time it takes with the hair and the makeup and the whole thing," Ripa added. "It's like time-consuming."

"You know, glamour is really fun," Warren Beatty's wife explained. "Getting all dressed up and putting on fancy clothes. All of that's a great thing but oddly, it doesn't really have a lot to do with acting most of the time."She continued: "And a lot of the things, we're peeling, hopefully, layers away and showing something that's inside, hopefully, that people can relate to in a story so it's more akin to what we do a lot of the time."As for family life, Bening said that the couple is "good and busy" with their four children."I think it's pretty much like a lot of other people's," the four-time Oscar nominee said. "People are coming and going. There's a lot going on.""So, it's great," she added. "I mean, we're very lucky. We have a rambunctious group."
/n