Amber Tamblyn Reveals Her Daughter’s Real Name in a Note From Hillary Clinton/n





                    Amber Tamblyn Pens Powerful Op-Ed About Misogyny and Donald Trump
                







Why you shouldn't turn a blind eye to Donald Trump's problematic behavior. 

 MORE >>










                    Amber Tamblyn Shares Her Sexual Assault Story
                







Amber Tamblyn shared a shocking story from her past.

 MORE >>





Amber Tamblyn and David Cross just trolled the internet.

When the couple welcomed their first child last month, the new parents jokingly announced that their baby girl was named “Dauphinoise Petunia Brittany Scheherazade Von Funkinstein Mustard Witch RBG Cross Tamblyn-Bey jr.” Now, their daughter’s true moniker has been revealed.
In a photo of a note posted on Instagram, Tamblyn shared that her newborn’s name is actually named Marlow Alice Cross in a letter penned to the child by Hillary Clinton.
In the correspondence dated February 15, the former Secretary of State wished Marlow a happy birthday, writing, “Your birth has been a source of great joy for your parents, Amber and David, and your vast community of admirers and champions. I send my best wishes to you for a lifetime of amazing accomplishments and adventures, full of love, learning, and friendship.”



A post shared by Amber Tamblyn (@amberrosetamblyn) on Mar 13, 2017 at 12:18pm PDT



“The one day I decide to put mascara on Hillary Clinton sends us this letter for our daughter. Crying now,” the Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants alum, who supported Clinton during the election, wrote on her Instagram Monday (March 13, 2017). “A letter from one spectacular woman who has lived so much to another who has only just begun. My heart is as full as this diaper I’m about to change. Thank you, Hillary, grandmother to us all.”
Tamblyn first announced her pregnancy in October when she penned an op-ed piece for Glamour about the election. Explaining the need for mothers to be strong role models for their children, the actress wrote, “I’ll be voting for more than just a woman; I’ll be voting for a revolutionary idea. I’ll be voting for a future for my daughter where conversations about our bodies and our lives are broader than what value they have for men.”


Blake Lively & Amber Tamblyn Have a mini 'sisterhood of the traveling pants' reunion








































17 Photos »


/n