5 Things to Know About Team USA Soccer Star Carli Lloyd Carli Lloyd has proven to be one of the greatest soccer players of her time—with the statistics to prove it.  The two-time gold medalist is competing in her third Summer Olympics, hopin.../n
Carli Lloyd has proven to be one of the greatest soccer players of her time—with the statistics to prove it. The two-time gold medalist is competing in her third Summer Olympics, hoping to make the U.S. proud yet again in Rio. Not surprisingly, the 34-year-old played a huge role in bringing home the gold in Beijing and London by scoring the winning goals in the 2008 and 2012 finals—and she's already scored in each of the U.S. women's two games in 2016.No pressure to pull off a three-peat this year in Brazil, Carli!So before the athlete gears up to play against Colombia today, here are five things to know about the soccer star both on and off the field: 



Jason Merritt/Getty Images

1. She's an Author: When Nobody Was Watching: My Hard-Fought Journey to the Top of the Soccer World is now available for pre-order on Amazon. Officially set to be released at the end of September, the book reflects on the more difficult moments of the soccer star's journey. Most notably, she opens up about the time she almost gave up on soccer all together in 2003 (but happily didn't thanks to her trainer, James Galanis).  2. Those Gold Medals Sit in a Packed Trophy Case: All that glitters isn't necessarily just gold. In addition to her Olympic medals, in 2015 Carli also propelled the U.S. women's national team to its first FIFA World Cup victory in 16 years. And the honors just kept on coming in 2015, with Lloyd snagging FIFA's Player of the Year award. 3. She Has Her Own Hot Sauce: This Olympian may be known for burning it up on the soccer field, but now she's bringing the heat to our food. Lloyd just recently launched her own hot sauce, with patriotic red, white and blue labeling. Carli's Kickin' Hot Sauce is now available at select Houston-area Kroger stores and for purchase online. 

4. She Shares Her Exact Name With a Fellow Rio Olympian: Be careful which Carli Lloyd you're talking to, because right now in Rio's Maracanã Stadium, there are two representing the U.S. Olympic team! The other Carli Lloyd is a tenured volleyball player. The 27-year-old volleyball player told TeamUSA.org,"People always talk about her when they hear my name, so I feel like she's in my daily life." At least they're both in good company! 5. She's Not a Party Animal, at All: The New Jersey native spoke to The Cut about some of her tips and tricks to stay well. She shared that, on days where she really wants to treat herself, she indulges with a sports massage and a mani-pedi. Lloyd explained, "I'm not a wild party animal who's like, 'Woo, day off tomorrow. Let's go out to the bar!,'" instead admitting that she would much rather just hang out with her fiancé, Brian Hollins.
/n