Voice Feud Rages! Christina Aguilera 'Disgusted' At Adam Levine’s Jabs/n
By Alexis Tereszcuk – Radar Entertainment Editor
Christina Aguilera is furious with Adam Levine’s digs at her this season on The Voice, and luckily this is the last night of the season!
The drama between the judges hit an all time low on Monday night’s show, when Christina duked it out over Adam’s protégé Tony Lucca who sang Jay-Z’s song 99 Problems and the situation has X-tina spitting mad, after RadarOnline.com exclusively reported the on-set blow out where Adam screamed and cursed at her.
The Voice Torn Apart By Adam Levine & Christina Aguilera’s Explosive Brawl
“Adam is making it more about getting at Christina this season and he’s very good at getting under her skin,” a source close to the show exclusively tells RadarOnline.com.
“He comes off as a really great guy, but he’s very smart the way he takes jabs at Christina. Adam’s very subtle and doesn’t use words, just sneaky actions. She is sick of the way she’s being treated and she’s disgusted with Adam.”
PHOTOS: Christina Aguilera Struts Her Stuff In A Tight Corset
The 31-year-old Beautiful singer is not happy with the way the Maroon 5 front man is treating her.
“Christina really takes it to heart when Adam does these things. She doesn’t know why he does it, she doesn’t understand why he’s being so mean,” the source says.
PHOTOS: Christina Aguilera Wears A Cleavage-Baring Suit To Etta James Funeral
Adam and Christina collaborated on the pop hit Moves Like Jagger, and while the source says they used to have a “brother sister relationship,” there is no love lost between the two of them anymore.  
“It’s just weird the way Adam is treating Christina. She’s the only girl there and she doesn’t think the coaches should be against each other,” the source tells RadarOnline.com.
PHOTOS:  Christina Aguilera Through The Years
Tony Lucca, a former Mickey Mouse Club acquaintance of Christina’s, really earned her ire Monday night and she let him know she wasn’t pleased.“Your beautiful wife and your daughter and family are here tonight,” she told him after his performance, “and I just thought, you know, the lyrical connotation was a little derogatory towards women, but all-in-all, it was good fun.”
The source said that Christina is annoyed that everything has turned so personal this season.
PHOTOS: Christina Slimmed Down In WeHo 
“Adam’s mad just because she gave Tony criticism, but she thinks it helped him expand and he wouldn’t have had his breakthrough without being pushed.” the source says.
The winner of The Voice will be crowned on the show’s season two-hour finale on NBC Tuesday at 9/8c.
RELATED STORIES:
The Voice: Adam Levine & Christina Aguilera Clash Over Jay-Z’s 99 Problems‘Princess’ Christina Aguilera Hogs The Spotlight In Fishnets And Tiara
The Voice: All 8 Singers Perform In Jam-Packed Semifinal
Mentor No More? Adam Levine Rejects Voice Winner Javier Colon /n