Secret Letter Reveals RFK And Marilyn Monroe Were Lovers!/n
It wasn’t just Mr. President! The truth about JFK lover Marilyn Monroe‘s relationship with his younger brother Robert has been exposed in a newly uncovered letter.
The legendary actress was known to have had an affair with President Kennedy and rumors have circulated about her tryst with younger brother Robert, but now a letter seems to confirm the reports.
Jean Kennedy Smith, the younger sister to John and Bobby penned a letter to Monroe in the early 1960s saying, “Understand that you and Bobby are the new item!” she wrote. “We all think you should come with him when he comes back East!” according to The Telegraph.
PHOTOS: Remembering the Kennedys
RFK and Monroe were often seen together at events, sparking rumors of an affair and angering his wife, Ethel, in the process. One source, pollster Lou Harris said Monroe literally pinned him against he wall, and she had him trapped,” according to The Daily Mail.
“Ethel got so disgusted. When she got him home, she said, ‘That’s the most disgusting thing I’ve ever seen.'”
There were even rumors that RFK showed up at Monroe’s bungalow not long before her death on August 5, 1962.
PHOTOS: Marilyn Monroe’s Most Chilling Quotes Before Her Troubling Death
The letter will be auctioned off on November 17, along with a collection of Monroe’s personal possessions. Martin Nolan, the executive director of Julien’s Auctions said, “There’s always speculation about her relationship with the Kennedys.” He added, “This speaks to the fact that there was in fact a relationship between Bobby Kennedy and Marilyn Monroe.”.
Many of the items being auctioned have never been seen by the public and include a “receipt for a bottle of champagne, her 1947 contract with Twentieth Century Fox and a recipe for stuffing jotted down on a slip of paper with an insurance company’s letterhead,”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n