Prince Oscar Makes His Adorable Public Debut – Alongside Big Sister Princess Estelle!/n
Sweden’s Prince Oscar made his public debut this weekend at the 70th birthday celebrations of his grandfather King Carl XVI Gustaf – and he was sound asleep throughout the festivities!   
Following a thanksgiving service in Stockholm’s Palace Chapel, which was attended by the king’s family and royal visitors from Japan, Spain, the Netherlands, Norway and Denmark, the Swedish monarch greeted his subjects from the palace ramparts.  
He was joined by his family – including 2-month-old Prince Oscar, who was born on March 2. Dressed in a blue bonnet, which matched big sister Princess Estelle s powder blue coat, he made his public debut in the arms of proud mom Princess Victoria as the crowd cheered below.  
The prince, who was swaddled in a baby blanket, seemed to take the occasion in stride, enjoying a nap during the celebrations.  






 Prins Oscar!❤️ Precis som storasyster Estelle fick prins Oscar göra officiell debut vid kungens födelsedag! Vad säger ni, vem är han lik?😉 (Foto: Olle Sporrong, Expressen)
A post shared by Expressen Kungligt (@expressenkungligt) on Apr 30, 2016 at 4:10am PDT


In the arms of dad Prince Daniel, Princess Estelle kept an eye on her new sibling before enjoying the music from a 1,500-strong choir.   
New parents Princess Sofia and Prince Carl Philip, who welcomed Prince Alexander on April 19, were also in attendance.  
• Want to keep up with the latest royals coverage? Click here to subscribe to the Royals Newsletter.
Prince Oscar was following in a Bernadotte family tradition since his big sister made her public debut on the same balcony during the king s birthday four years before.   



Earlier in the day, the 4-year-old princess delighted onlookers by insisting on greeting clergymen as she left the royal chapel, before shaking hands and kissing cheeks with other royal guests. The scene-stealing princess then joined in musical tributes to the king, enthusiastically clapping her hands.  

After Princess Estelle and her new baby brother had been put to bed, King Carl XVI Gustaf hosted a banquet at the palace.   
Featuring a DJ and a live band, Abba’s  Dancing Queen,  was accompanied by a dancing king, according to the Swedish outlet Svenskdam, which reported that the monarch left the party before it broke up shortly before 6 a.m. on Sunday morning.  
King Carl XVI Gustaf ascended the Swedish throne in September 1973 and married German commoner Silvia Sommerlath three years later. The royal couple has three children and five grandchildren.  
Prince Oscar, their second youngest grandchild – and third in line to throne – is expected to be christened on May 27.
/n