Donald Driver Wins ‘Dancing With the Stars’ Season 14/n
He may be a Super Bowl champion, but tonight, Green Bay Packers wide receiver Donald Driver scored his biggest touchdown yet to become the winner of Dancing With the Stars season 14.
The popular athlete’s big victory was revealed after a near-perfect evening on Monday, when he and partner Peta Murgatroyd scored 59 out of a possible 60 points. They followed with a sexy — and shirtless! — Cha-Cha on Tuesday that earned them an additional 30 points, for a combined total of 89 out of 90 points.

The 37-year-old hunk from Houston, Texas, had a slow and steady ride to the coveted Mirrorball Trophy. After a somewhat rocky week 1, in which he scored near the bottom of the leaderboard, with 21 out of 30 points, Donald built up his game week after week, all the way to Monday night’s clincher, when he at long last earned his first set of straight-10’s from judges Carrie Ann Inaba, Len Goodman and Bruno Tonioli.
Naturally, Donald was more than elated when he got the good news, and fell to the floor after the announcement was revealed.
Getting back into the swing of things — quite literally — were Maria Menounos and partner Derek Hough, who followed Kelly’s performance with a sexy tango that had us wishing there could be four spots in the finals.
Maria, of course, was the last contestant to be eliminated before this week’s finale. Which meant that tonight’s episode could finally (finally) get down to business, as the three remaining finalists competed one last time for the judges’ all-important score. As we learned early on in the show, the contestants got to pick their own routine; however, their song choice wasn’t given to them until 24 hours before the show.


Kelly Clarkson Films 'Dark Side' Music Video








































8 Photos »


With the pressure mounting, William Levy was the first to perform, dancing a breezy Salsa with partner Cheryl Burke that earned even more raves from the judges.


Maria Menounos Bikinis in Las Vegas with Derek hough








































8 Photos »


“Nobody does it better than William!” Bruno proclaimed, as he rose to his feet.
The routine earned 30 out of 30 points. Combined with their scores from Monday, William and Cheryl went into the results with 89 out 90 possible points.
Then it was Katherine Jenkins’ turn to impress the judges — a tall order, considering she earned two perfect scores on Monday. But impress them she did with a Jive that had lots of smiles — not to mention lots of orange.
“You are the complete package,” said judge Len.
And, as luck — okay, and lots of talent — would have it, the Jive earned Katherine and partner Mark Ballas one last perfect score, to give them 90 out of 90 points.
Donald Driver was the last to perform — and as luck would have it, he took his shirt off within five seconds of his Cha-Cha. Naturally, the judges were floored by his routine, with Len going so far as to say, Donald was the best dancer the show has seen.
“I think you are the one to beat,” added judge Carrie Ann. (And right she ultimately was!)
The judges’ enthusiasm was quickly reflected in their scores; Len, Carrie Ann and Bruno each rewarded Donald with perfect 10s, for a combined score of 89 out of 90 points.


William Levy and Son Christopher at dodgers stadium in la


































5 Photos »


Unfortunately, with the results looming, the good news could only last so long. One commercial break, and a performance by Gladys Knight, later, it was time to send someone home. The first person to get the boot: 31-year-old former model William Levy, who ended his successful run on season 14 in third place.
“It was an amazing experience. I thank you guys for all that you’ve done.” he said.
Then it was time to announce the winner of the Mirrorball Trophy — which, as we’re sure you’ve read by now, went to Donald over Katherine, in one of the closest Dancing With the Stars results, ever.
What do you think? Should Donald have won the Mirrorball Trophy? Or should it have gone to Katherine or William? Sound off now, below!
/n