 'Disgusting & Evil!' Casey Kasem’s Kids Fire Back At Widow’s Wrongful Death Lawsuit.../n
Casey Kasem’s children have fired back at his widow, Jean Kasem, 63, after she filed a lawsuit accusing them of wrongful death, negligence and fraud, RadarOnline.com can reveal.
“If you look at the court records, it counters every single thing that she’s putting out there. She’s just putting out false information,” Kerri Kasem told PEOPLE in response to Jean’s filing.
“He was dying because of her actions and would have still lived a year or two. We all did everything we could to save him. For her to say we unplugged him is disgusting and evil,” she said.
PHOTOS: DJ Casey Kasem: More Than Just A Radio Personality
As Radar exclusively reported, Jean claimed her stepchildren forced their father to sign a “Durable Power of Attorney for Health Care … under duress and undue influence” while he was “without legal representation, recovering from surgery, under the influence of medications and other substances that causes drowsiness and impairs judgment.”
Jean’s latest legal move comes after Kasem’s three children slapped her with a wrongful death lawsuit in 2015, claiming she abused their father and caused emotional distress by restricting their access to him as his health failed.
“When my father died, what was the first thing she did? She went after our money. The only thing he left us was a trust for the kids—for the grandkids, for us—and that’s all he did. She went after all of it and delayed it for two years,” claimed Kerri.
PHOTOS: Casey Kasem’s Family Signs Letter Begging To Keep His Body In California
After Kasem’s passing, Kerri held a protest outside his L.A. mansion claiming her stepmother had kept him away from her, Mike and Julie for over three months.
“We’ve had this wrongful death lawsuit going in Los Angeles for the past two-and-a-half years,” Kerri, Mike and Julie’s lawyer Troy Martin told PEOPLE. “She has done everything that she can to try and delay that lawsuit from going forward, and finally she’s getting to the end of her rope.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n