Frantic 911 Call Made Moments After Alligator Dragged Toddler To His Death Released/n
Witnesses scrambled to save the life of 2-year-old Lane Graves, but all attempts failed. RadarOnline.com has obtained frantic 911 calls made moments after the Nebraska toddler was snatched by an alligator and dragged into a lagoon at a Disney World resort.
“Please come to the Grand Floridian please,” begged a caller in the 911 recording released by Reedy Creek Fire Department. “Someone drowned in the Seven Seas Lagoon Lake.”
When the dispatched asked, “They’re at the pool?” She responded, “No, lake.”
PHOTOS: Tragic, Mysterious & Too Weird For Words: 13 Bizarre Hollywood Deaths
“You said they drowned there?” the operator asked, as the woman replied, “Someone drowned there. I just stayed in the pool. Please come to the Grand Floridian.”
“Do you see the person right now?” the dispatched asked.
“No I don’t,” she replied. “The other lifeguards, they at the beach, I’m in the pool talking with you. I didn’t see anything.”
When he asked if someone is being pulled out of the lake the caller said, “Yes.”
PHOTOS: From New Footage To Last Words—20 Secrets & Scandals Surrounding Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin’s Death Revealed
She then explained how she couldn’t see what’s going on because she was using a phone in the pool area. He asked if she could call from a phone closer to the incident so she could give more details.
In a second 911 call, the dispatcher asks the location of the emergency, but does not receive a reply.
The body of the 2-year-old was recovered intact on Wednesday, June 15. He was snatched from the lagoon around 9:30 p.m. while playing in the water with his father and mother.
“This afternoon a complete autopsy was conducted on Lane T. Graves by Dr. Sara Zydowicz, Associate Medical Examiner with the District Nine Medical Examiner’s Office,” a rep for the Orange County Coroner told Radar. The cause of death was ruled as a result of drowning and traumatic injuries.”
Listen to the heartbreaking audio above. /n