Angelina's Feud With Charlize EXPLODES Over 'Bride of Frankenstein' Role/n
Angelina Jolie is stalling on committing to a Bride of Frankenstein remake, and RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned the delay may be a ploy to purposely annoy her rival, Charlize Theron.
Last month, Universal Pictures introduced its “Dark Universe,” a Marvel-type of movie crossover family, starting with Tom Cruise’s The Mummy reboot, and scheduled to include some of history’s most famous horror monsters, including The Invisible Man, starring Johnny Depp, Dr. Jekyll, with Russell Crowe, and Frankenstein’s Monster with Javier Bardem.
Jolie, 42, is being courted for the Bride of Frankenstein, with Theron, 41, tapped as the runner-up. But Radar has learned Jolie is stringing Theron along, refusing to commit to the project, and denying the Mad Max: Fury Road star the opportunity to accept other roles, as she awaits a decision.
PHOTOS: What Were They Thinking?! Tom Cruise As Steve Jobs, Angelina Jolie On The Prairie & Other Bizarre Casting Ideas Of The Sony Email Leak
“Angie hasn’t made a deal with Universal to do their next monster flick, but the offer’s still on the table. She could use the $20m paycheck,” an insider told Radar. “She seems to enjoy sticking it to Charlize, who wanted to do this film and is convinced Angie stepped in to take it off her.”
The two A-listers, who often play powerful women in film roles, have been on a Hollywood turf war for years. Their beef only increased when Theron was considered for a part in the remake of Murder on the Orient Express. A part that Jolie initially turned down.
“The hate fest between these two started a long time ago and just won’t stop,” the insider said. “It’s as though directors are getting a buzz out of playing them against each other, by dangling a script to both of them then leaving them to bitch and slug it out.”
PHOTOS: Angelina Jolie Takes Shiloh Christmas Shopping Amid Divorce Crisis
Theron is no stranger to Hollywood feuds. In July 2014, former child actress Tia Mowry called her out for allegedly being mean to her when she bumped into the Oscar winner at a Los Angeles SoulCycle spin class.
Mowry told In Touch: “I said, ‘Hi’ and she actually rolled her eyes and said, ‘Oh my God.'”
Whose side are you on? Let us know in our comments section!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n