Former Mexican President Drops The F-BOMB On CNN Over Trump's Fucking Wall — Watch!/n

This week, it was revealed that Donald Trump had a tense phone call with Mexican president Enrique Peña Nieto back in January over — what else? — who would pay for his stupid wall.
According to leaked transcripts, Nieto stood firm that Mexico wouldn't be footing the bill for Trump's golden campaign promise, which caused President Manchild to beg and whine like a little baby.
Well, Trump's lucky he wasn't speaking with Nieto's predecessor, who would have been a LOT more forceful in refusing to pay for the border barrier.
Related: Caitlyn Jenner Spotted Wearing MAGA Hat!
Vicente Fox made his thoughts about Trump's "fucking wall" clear once the phone call was made — but now that the conversation has reached the public eye, the former president of Mexico felt the need to reiterate his colorful words.
During an interview with CNN on Friday, host Alisyn Camerota asked Fox whether Nieto was forceful enough on the matter — to which he bluntly replied: 
"Well you could use my words, ‘We'll never pay for that fucking wall.' That makes it more clear."
Ha! They definitely heard him loud and clear on the CNN set.
Related: Anthony Scaramucci Audio Released!
Fox continued to explain that Mexico paying for the wall made no political sense, and just showcased Trump's dishonesty (and/or stupidity). He added:
"But it's still who can think about a country paying for a wall that is going to be built in the neighbor's territory. Why should Mexico pay for the wall? What's the reason? We don't need a wall. If Trump wants to build a wall he has to go to Congress and he has to tell the truth to U.S. taxpayers that they're going to pay for that."
*Sigh* Just add it to the fucking list…
Watch Fox shock CNN with his expletive-filled response (below).


Oh, you know, just former Mexican President Vicente Fox dropping the F-bomb live on CNN. Alisyn Camerota's reaction was priceless. pic.twitter.com/Zjwa6vGYtU
— Josh Sánchez (@jnsanchez) August 4, 2017

[Image via CNN.]
/n