The Best Songs of 2016 (So Far)/n





                    Love Is Dead: 2016 Edition
                







The biggest celebrity breakups of the year so far.

 MORE >>





2016 is halfway over, if you can believe it. How quickly time flies!

All this week, we’ll be sharing our 2016 (so far) favorites: songs, albums, movies, TV shows, and stories. First up: songs! I asked all of Celebuzz’s editors to send me their 10 favorite songs of 2016. Predictably, there is a lot of Beyoncé, Drake, Rihanna, and Ariana Grande, but it turns out, as a group, we have pretty diverse tastes. So mixed in with the expected, you are likely to find some incredible songs you may have missed when they dropped earlier this year.
Without further delay, let’s get to it.
Please note, Beyoncé’s Lemonade is not available on Spotify, and therefore I was unable to include any of its songs in the embedded playlists below. I have, however, linked to the album on TIDAL in all relevant places.
Matt Russoniello
In just six months, 2016 has proven itself to be a better year for new music than the last couple of years combined. From Beyoncé‘s visionary Lemonade (I keep coming back to “6 Inch” feat. The Weeknd) to Garbage recapturing their peak ’90s magic with songs like “Even Though Our Love Is Doomed” to Mitski giving us the anthem of belonging we didn’t know we needed in “Your Best American Girl” to Radiohead, decades later, giving official, studio-polished release to “True Love Waits,” I feel like I am drowning in incredible new music. Bring on the second half of 2016 (and with it, hopefully #LG5).
Matt’s 10 Favorite Songs:

Beyoncé – “6 Inch” (Feat. The Weeknd)
Mitski – “Your Best American Girl”
Radiohead – “True Love Waits”
Kristin Kontrol – “X-Communicate”
PJ Harvey – “A Line in the Sand”
Garbage – “Even Though Our Love Is Doomed”
The Kills – “Doing It To Death”
Clare Maguire – “Elizabeth Taylor”
Marissa Nadler – “Janie in Love”
James Blake – “Radio Silence”

 


Kaitlyn Laurie
It’s a good year for music. From Drake’s infectious “Too Good” (featuring bae) to Beyoncé‘s everything (on Lemonade) and Rihanna’s everything (on ANTI), where can your playlists go wrong, really?
Kaitlyn’s 10 Favorite Songs:

Beyoncé – “Pray You Catch Me”
Rihanna – “Needed Me”
Drake – “Too Good”
Calvin Harris Feat. Rihanna – “This Is What You Came For”
The 1975 – “Somebody Else”
Rihanna – “Love on the Brain”
Beyoncé – “Love Drought”
Taemin- “Drip Drop”
Tegan & Sara – “Boyfriend”
Ariana Grande – “Into You”


Mia Lardiere
I am a slave to Billboard Hot 100 hits, and I do not apologize. Spotify is turned on when I’m getting dressed, working out at the gym, or writing if I can swing it. The tracks that I’ve chosen are those that have been stuck in my head since January or later, and if you can’t say the same, you’re either a liar or way too cultured to be in my Zumba class.
Mia’s 10 Favorite Songs:

Alicia Keys – “In Common”
Adele – “When We Were Young”
Drake – “Controlla”
Beyoncé – “Sorry”
Desiigner – “Panda”
Kanye West – “Fade”
Kent Jones – “Don’t Mind”
Justin Bieber – “Company”
James Bay – “Let It Go”
Rihanna – “Consideration” (Feat. SZA)

 


Jelani Addams Rosa
It’s only July and it’s already been a great year for music. From Beyoncé to Kanye West to the reemergence of Alicia Keys, I can’t wait to see what the rest of the year brings.
Jelani’s 10 Favorite Songs:

Beyoncé – “Hold Up”
Beyoncé – “Love Drought”
Kanye West – “Ultra Light Beam”
Rihanna – “Work” (Feat. Drake)
Ariana Grande – “Leave Me Lonely” (Feat. Macy Gray)
Alicia Keys – “In Common”
Drake – “Controlla”
Drake – “One Dance”
Desiigner – “Panda”
Rihanna – “Sex With Me”

 

 
Gabi Chung
According to Spotify’s Year in Music feature, most of what I played on the streaming platform in 2015 is considered “emo,” though the overarching “indie rock” seems to be a dominating genre as well. With that said, 2016 is shaping up to be the same for me with a few outlying exceptions. Of course, there’s Beyoncé in here because, well, no one can deny Beyoncé.
Gabi’s 10 Favorite Songs:

The Strokes – “Threat of Joy”
Hot Hot Heat – “Kid Who Stays in the Picture”
Modern Baseball – “Wedding Singer”
Brand New – “I Am a Nightmare”
The Hotelier – “Settle the Scar”
Into It. Over It. – “Anesthetic”
Weezer – “California Kids”
Explosions in the Sky – “Wilderness”
The Faint – “Young and Realistic”
Beyoncé – “Don’t Hurt Yourself”

 

 
Scott Baumgartner
So far, 2016 has been incredibly innovative and full of surprises. Everyone is jamming genres and sounds together. It’s messy, and I can’t get enough of it. But don’t get me wrong, I have no problem with a fun, simple pop song.
Scott’s 10 Favorite Songs:

The 1975 – “Somebody Else”
Anderson Paak – “Am I Wrong”
Weezer – “California Kids”
Beyoncé – “Sorry”
ANOHNI – “4 Degrees”
James Blake – “Radio Silence”
Savages – “Adore”
Salvatore – “Dive”
Desiigner – “Panda”
Tegan & Sara – “Boyfriend”

 

 
Michael Prieve
These are my favorite songs so far in 2016. Beyoncé slays with “Formation,” and I’ve played “The Sound” on repeat more than any other song this year.
Michael’s 10 Favorite Songs:

The 1975 – “The Sound”
Beyoncé – “Formation”
St. Lucia – “Dancing on Glass”
Sia – “Cheap Thrills”
Savages – “Adore”
Drake – “One Dance”
Mike Posner – “I Took a Pill in Ibiza”
Adele – “When We Were Young”
Nick Jonas – “Unhinged”
Usher – “Crash”



/n