Meet The Carey Family — America’s Latest Sextuplets Identities Revealed/n
By Cliff RenfrewRadar Staff Reporter
Watch-out Kate Gosselin because America has a new batch of Sextuplets to swoon over.
PHOTOS:    Kate Gosselin Departs Today Show
Proud parents Stacey and Brendan Carey were formally introduced to the world today – their brood includes three boys and three girls.
The Carey’s – who are from Feasterville a Philadelphia suburb – had their babies at Abington Memorial Hospital last Wednesday.
PHOTOS:    Kate Gosselin Derby Looks
All the new-borns weigh between 1 and 2 pounds and are responsive. Their names are Emma, Samantha, Olivia, John, Patrick and Connor – they all remain in intensive care.
Stacey Carey, 33, is a school teacher while her husband Brendan, 41, is a bar tender.
PHOTOS    & VIDEO: Kate Gosselin Goes Southern Belle On Us
Stacey Carey revealed: “We weren’t expecting a family this big, but we’re happy now – I was ‘very, very surprised’ when I was told I was having sextuplets.”
Doctors said the Careys conceived while working with a fertility specialist and that the babies were in their 27th week when they were delivered by cesarean section. They remain in critical condition.
PHOTOS:    The Hottest Bikini Moms In Hollywood
Dr Gerard Michael Cleary of the hospital’s neonatal intensive care unit said: “They are all responding to therapy but they are in no way out of the woods.”
The Carey’s also have a 16-month-old daughter Julianna – Pennsylvania of course already has there own sextuplets after Jon and Kate Gosselin had their babies back on May 10, 2004.
PHOTOS:  Kate Gosselin Derby Looks
The couple became household names through the reality show Jon & Kate Plus 8 which eventually led to them divorcing – she currently has the spin-off series Kate Plus 8.
The Gosselin brood; Alexis, Hannah, Aaden, Collin, Leah and Joel, where born ten weeks premature at Penn State Milton S Medical Center in Hershey – the couple also has twin 10-year-old girls Cara and Madelyn.
RELATED STORIES:
Kate  Gosselin Stalked By Pedophile On Twitter
VIDEO:  Favorite TV Moms Share Their Favorite Mom Moments
SNEAK  PEEK: ‘Kate Plus 8’ Goes Presidential
  /n