'Bachelor In Paradise' Cast Rallies Around DeMario Amid Sexual Assault Investigation/n
DeMario Jackson is being investigated for sexual assault after an incident involving Corinne Olympios forced ABC to cancel Bachelor In Paradise. But show insiders exclusively reveal to RadarOnline.com that the cast and crew are siding with Jackson!
“DeMario has been described as a good guy, producers and execs like him,” a source claimed to Radar. “He knows what he signed up for and has been cooperative with producers. Everyone feels bad for him.”
The insider continued that there have been alleged complaints involving Olympios before the incident.
PHOTOS: So Happy Together! Britt Nilsson & Brady Toops Show Off Romance On Social Media –– ‘The Bachelorette’ Stars Rebound In 6 Photos
“She has been involved in multiple sexually provocative incidents sober, drunk and in between,” the source claimed. “She was scolded and reprimanded and warned. Her excuse that she was blackout drunk those involved with the show don’t believe.”
The cast and crew allegedly believe Olympios, who made headlines on Nick Viall‘s season of The Bachelor for her provocative behavior and raunchy one-liners, is “out for fame.”
A cast member exclusively told Radar that the incident is being blown out of proportion.
PHOTOS: The Hottest Stars Of The Bachelor And Bachelorretes
“We were all there and can’t believe this is even a thing,” the star told Radar. “I just hope the investigation shows the truth behind the ‘incident.’ The cast has a pretty clear opinion about this whole situation.”
The insider added that the cast is “so disappointed” over the show’s reported cancellation.
Olympios’ Bachelor In Paradise co-stars Alexis Waters, Raven Gates, Danielle Maltby and Kristina Schulman are not following her on Instagram.
PHOTOS: Alleged ABC’s “The Bachelorette” Home Chosen in Charlotte, NC
Warner Bros. released a statement on Sunday claiming that they have “become aware of allegations of misconduct on the set of Bachelor in Paradise in Mexico.”
“We have suspended production and we are conducting a thorough investigation of these allegations,” the statement read. “Once the investigation is complete, we will take appropriate responsive action.”
People reported that Jackson, who appeared on Rachel Lindsay‘s season of The Bachelorette, had a sexual encounter with a female contestant who may have been too drunk to consent.
PHOTOS: The Bachelor House
Although the victim wasn’t named, Entertainment Tonight reported that Jackson had a raunchy hookup with Olympios.
“DeMario was in the pool,” the source said. “Next thing you know, Corinne comes over and hops on his lap. They start talking and joking.”
The insider continued, “Everyone is just going about their business. Cameras are rolling. Producers are everywhere. That’s when a ‘third party’ felt uncomfortable, claiming misconduct in the workplace. As of right now, production of Paradise is suspended indefinitely. And they are sending everyone home and telling everyone else to stay home. DeMario got sent home soon after.”
A “third party” who made the complaint was a show producer.
Are you surprised the cast and crew are siding with Jackson? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n