Kristen Stewart Ready To Fly To Australia To Save Relationship With Robert Pattinson/n
Kristen Stewart is planning a last-ditch attempt to save her relationship with Robert Pattinson by hot-hoofing it to Australia for a face-to-face showdown with the Brit actor, a source tells RadarOnline.com exclusively.
Pattinson, who is in Adelaide filming The Rover, hasn’t been giving Stewart, 22, the attention she wants while he’s been working, the source says, which has left the On The Road beauty contemplating if Robert’s heart is still in it.
PHOTOS: 12 Celebrity Couples Who’ve Survived Scandal
But now, with a break in her schedule, she wants to fly Down Under to convince him his heart belongs with her!
“Kristen is planning to travel to Australia to see Robert, she’s missing him incredibly,” the source tells Radar.
PHOTOS: Kristen Stewart Looks Leggy In Tokyo
“She thinks his interest in their reconciliation is waning the longer they’re apart – so Kristen’s trying to save what they have left.
“Robert’s been busy filming and hasn’t been able to give Kristen as much time as she liked. It’s been especially difficult to stay in touch because of the 18 and half hour time difference between Los Angeles and Adelaide.
PHOTOS:  Kristen Stewart & Rob Pattinson Go Bowling
“Their relationship is hanging by a thread, so she thinks that visiting him in Oz may help them stay together. That said, I think she may be clinging on to something that isn’t what she actually thinks it was.”
As RadarOnline.com previously reported, a source said Stewart was considering ending her romance with Robert because she believes he’s no longer committed to dating her anymore.
PHOTOS: Kristen Stewart’s On The Road Fashion Disaster
“The truth is, it’s really over between them, no matter how hard they try to fix it,” the source told Radar.
“Rob’s tried so hard to forgive, but it seems he just can’t forget what Kristen did to him and how she publicly shamed him.
PHOTOS: Kristen Stewart Bares Her Body In Super Scandalous, Sheer Gown
When he flew to Australia to start work on The Rover their relationship was pretty much in the air. I think the only reason they got back together in the first place was because all they really know is each other.
“But now, Rob seems to be having second thoughts and wondering if it’s all really worth it — and Kristen totally gets that. She was initially annoyed that he wasn’t giving it his all, but she realizes that it’s difficult for him to get over her cheating.
PHOTOS: Kristen Stewart Smiles In Paris
“Kristen thinks the only thing she can do is just give it up as it’s not working,” the source revealed. “She’s now planning the best way to implicate the breakup.” /n