Even Ann Coulter Is Jumping Off The Trump Train: 'Trump-Haters Were Right'!/n

Hell has definitely frozen over.
Donald Trump may only be four months into his presidency, but Ann Coulter is already losing confidence in the Republican president she once so proudly backed. Oh, you think we're kidding??
Related: Barron Trump Is D.C. Bound!
On Sunday, the In Trump We Trust author spoked with The Daily Caller and revealed that she's beginning to have doubts that the Trumpster will be able to pull off everything he promised. What?? A reality TV star with no political experience could be a bad president?? You don't say.
Anywho, Miz Coulter compared Donnie to a man who promised to drive to El Lay but ended up heading to NYC. While the controversial political commentator says there is hope Trump will "turn the car around," she noted: 

"I'll say we had no choice, but the Trump-haters were right… It's a nightmare. I can't even contemplate that. Right now I'm still rooting for him to turn around."
Excuse us as we go and pick our jaws up off the floor. Ann Coulter is agreeing with liberals, this is how bad our political situation is right now. Geez.
Apparently, Ann is most frustrated with the lack of progress towards building a border wall between the U.S. and Mexico. The famed conservative also advised POTUS to "resist" the urge to go to war.
The 55-year-old added:

"But this isn't North Korea, and if he doesn't keep his promises I'm out. This is why we voted for him…I think everyone who voted for him knew his personality was grotesque, it was the issues."
Ironically, this almost directly contradicts what Coulter wrote in her propaganda piece tome where she said she had "blind loyalty" for Donald just like the way the "people of North Korea worship their Dear Leader."
Ann is also upset that the 70-year-old hasn't used his supposed brilliant mind for business to get Americans better deals.
Related: Trump Is 'Frustrated And Angry At Everyone'
Specifically, the media personality had criticism for the Republican party's proposed budget as she stated:

"Where is the great negotiation? Where is the bull in the china shop we wanted? That budget the Republicans pushed through was like a practical joke… Did we win anything? And this is the great negotiator?"
Snap! Snap! In regards to whether or not Ann regrets ferociously supporting the Celebrity Apprentice celeb, Coulter explained:

"I kind of thought it was Romney, and then lo and behold like a miracle Trump comes along. I still believe in Trumpism. I have no regrets for ferociously supporting him. What choice did we have? We had no choice. Yeah, I mean, my fingers are still crossed. It's not like I'm out yet, but boy, things don't look good."
And don't get Ann started on Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump's roles in the White House. Why?? Because she believes Trump hiring his family is "the one fascist thing he's done."
We'd argue firing the man leading the investigation against him also qualified, but whatevs. She relayed:

"I have from the beginning been opposed to Trump hiring any of his relatives. Americans don't like that, I don't like that. That's the one fascist thing he's done. Hiring his kids.
But I understand if you're in Washington you don't know who to trust, the party was against you, the politicians were against you, the bureaucracy was against you, and by the way this isn't to say anything bad about Jared. Everything I know about him, I think he's doing a great job. But even if he is absolutely the best person for the job, I don't like the hiring of relatives."
Savage. While we rarely agree with Ann on issues, we're glad to see that she's finally opening her eyes to the reality of Trump.
[Image via Adriana M. Barraza/WENN.]
/n