Anthony Anderson Gushes About Emmys Date – His Mom: She 'Put Her Dreams on Hold' to Raise Him/n
Anthony Anderson may not have taken home an Emmy on Sunday, but he still felt like a winner with not one, but two beautiful dates: his mother and his daughter.
The Black -ish star told reporters at the HBO Emmy Afterparty that bringing his mother, Doris Hancox, as his plus one was an easy choice. 
“My mother put her dreams of being an actor on hold to raise an actor in me,” he says. “So I do what I do for her.”
The 46-year-old actor adds, “That’s why I have my mother with me wherever I go for the most part – because she’s living her dream through me.” 
Hancox was likely enjoying herself more than some of the the nominees at the awards show, even crossing paths with a well-known comedian.
“My mother has a womance now with Amy Schumer,” Anderson jokes.  
• Check out PEOPLE’s full 2016 Emmy Awards coverage and complete winners list!
Meanwhile, Anderson’s daughter Kyra “fanned out” when she saw Bryan Cranston, as Anderson says she’s a huge Breaking Bad fan.





 Date nights begins right now. I love my babygirl! #daddysgirl @kyranicole_
A post shared by Anthony Anderson (@anthonyanderson) on Sep 18, 2016 at 8:48pm PDT







 My twin! My Mama #dorisday love you mama! We had a good night tonight!
A post shared by Anthony Anderson (@anthonyanderson) on Sep 18, 2016 at 8:50pm PDT


RELATED VIDEO: Why Aren’t Men Funny?
Although Anderson can’t call himself an Emmy winner (yet), he was happy to see wins for pals Sterling Brown, Courtney Vance and Regina King.
• Watch full Emmys pre-show now at People/Entertainment Weekly Network. It’s free! Available on connected and mobile devices or just download the PEN app on your iOS or Android. Watch now at people.com/PEN.
But what makes the biggest night in television so special is celebrating other TV actors, Anderson says.
“We’re in a community that we rarely get to see one another because of our busy work schedules,” he shares. “But nights like tonight, we get to celebrate one another and get to go in here and break bread and drink wine and have fun.”
/n