Weekend TV Hot Picks/n
Sunday


Tonight ABC Family offers up the romantic comedy, My Fake Fiance. Here’s the lowdown, two broke wedding guests (Joey Lawrence and Melissa Joan Hart), conspire to fake their own engagement and split the wedding gifts… despite the fact that they don’t actually like each other! Here comes the spoiler alert… then they fall in love!

Ok, so maybe it’s predictable, but hey, it could happen! I mean Joey did look pretty hot on Dancing With the Stars after all! Like, Whoa!

Expect lots of balls, pills and porn jokes from FOX’s new animated series, Sit Down Shut Up, brought to you by some of the minds behind The Simpsons and Arrested Development. A great cast of voices, including Will Arnett, Kristin Chenoweth, and SNL alums, Cheri Oteri, Will Forte and Kenan Thompson, bring life to the cartoon about a high school and it’s dysfunctional faculty members. Special mention about the characters, keep an ear out for the Fonz himself, Henry Winkler, playing Willard Deutschebog. Hee hee! They said Deutschebog.

And Desperate Housewives stirs up the water cooler talk with the killing off of Edie Britt (Nicolette Sheridan). When we last saw Edie (on the last episode which aired about a month ago), she had just been strangled, then in a car accident, hit an electric pole and then stepped out into a puddle of water and sparking wires only to drop from electrocution! Tonight the ladies reminisce about the blonde bombshell as we get confirmation that Edie is, literally and figuratively, toast! And if you think DH creator, Mark Cherry is showing a little (not so) passive-aggressive behavior with the savage demise of Sheridan, you may be right! Sheridan was always very vocal about not being given more of the spotlight on the show and in a recent TV Guide interview Cherry hammered one last sharp, rusty nail in her coffin stating, “We will find a new kind of sexiness coming through Wisteria Lane. What I won’t do is cast another forty-something sexy blonde. [Sheridan] performed the aging neighborhood tramp better than anyone has ever done before.” Ouchy ouch ouch!

Sunday Night Hot List

7:00
Miss USA 2009 (NBC)

8:00
My Fake Fiance (ABC FAM)
Simpsons (FOX)

8:30
Sit Down, Shut Up (FOX) series premiere
Desperate Housewives (ABC)
Rock of Love With Bret Michaels: Reunion (VH1)

10:00
Keeping Up With the Kardashians (E!)
Zombie Strippers (SPIKE)

 
/n