‘American Horror Story’ Renewed for Season 3; ‘The Walking Dead’ Adds Comic Book Character for Fall Finale/n





                    'ahs: asylum' 5 WTF moments
                









 MORE >>










                    'TWD' Breaks the Cable Record
                









 MORE >>





 FX’s American Horror Story will be back for Season 3. Star Jessica Lange will return when the scary series’ third season premieres in Fall 2013. Season 2 of the show will wrap up on Jan. 23. [FX]
The Walking Dead is adding another character from the graphic novels. Robert Kirkman says the character will appear on the fall finale of the AMC show, which airs Dec. 2. The comic creator and executive producer of the show says the character is a “a big deal fan favorite.” [EW]

Bravo is giving viewers a sneak peek into housewife Lisa Vanderpump’s new series, Vanderpump Rules, with a special two-hour special of The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills in January. Vanderpump Rules will follow the staff at the reality star’s Beverly Hills restaurant, SUR. The special will air Monday, Jan. 7 at 9 PM. [Bravo]
 

'grey's anatomy' seasoN 9 cast photos 








































12 Photos »


Grey’s Anatomy is bringing on a new member of the Seattle Grace’s hospital board. Nip/Tuck alum Roma Maffia will play Roberta in a multi-episode arc. She will first appear on the Nov. 29 episode. [TV Guide]
The Jimmy Fallon-produced Guys with Kids has received an additional episode from NBC. The freshman comedy’s order, for four episodes, brings the first season episode total to 17. [Deadline]
Rumer Willis is set to play Masi Oka’s love interest on CBS’ Hawaii Five-0. Willis, will play Sabrina, a bank teller who is interested in Oka’s Dr. Max Bergman. She appears in the same episode as C. Thomas Howell and Victoria’s Secret supermodel Behati Prinsloo on Dec. 3. [EW]
 

'x factor' season 2: the top 16 contestants 








































20 Photos »



FOX’s The X Factor got a bump in the ratings Wednesday night, adding over a million viewers to its overall total. The CW’s Arrow continued its hot streak and had its biggest audience since its premiere with 3.8 million viewers. NBC’s premiere of Whitney was better than its time slot predecessor Animal Practice. [Zap2it]
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n