of Fame and Museum (2012)  • Donated $500,000 to Nashville flood relief (2010) • Countless visits to children's hospitals • Donated $10,000 to the Horace Mann School for the Deaf (2012) We love you, Saint Swifty! And to quote the great .../n
This weekend, Taylor Swift  will officially enter into the other side of 25. Sunday marks her 26th birthday, which means it's probably all downhill from here. (Hold on to your youth, Tay!)That being said, her 26 years have been pretty good so far. She's been kind of #blessed, it's safe to say. But, dare we add, she has given back to the world just as much as the world has bestowed its graces upon her.Yes, we as a society are also #blessed by Saint Swifty on an almost daily basis. She is an actual angel sent from heaven, and we have proof:1. Well, for one, she looks like an actual angel.

Glowing. Ethereal. Otherworldly. Even with a...gulp...bob. (We still miss you, flowing locks of Tay).2. She descends down from her throne to bestow love advice to unsuspecting forlorn fans.

She is so, so wise.3. She is a lover of animals.

Let's be real, her cats live much better lives than most of us do, and that's not even taking into account the fact that Calvin Harris is their personal photographer. 

4. She is so good to her friends squad.

"Hey ladies! Wanna come to my concert and pretend you're not only a model but also a rock star?! It will be amazing and everyone in the world will be jealous of our life! I love you guys!" 5. She's always helping the kids.



Getty Images

JK, this is actually Taylor at the VMAs, but the looks are basically one and the same. You get the idea.7. She was so moved by a blog post written by a mom who lost her son to cancer that she wrote a song in his memory.

8. Her dance moves can be compared to those of a siren from Greek mythology.

If sirens used their voices to lure ships to the dangerous rocks, then Swifty uses her bitchin' dance moves. Don't get too close!9. Her song lyrics touch you deep down in your soul, in places you didn't even know existed.

How does she know what our hearts are thinking all the time?!10. She is the next Martha Stewart (kind of).

Because she is in love with love, like a real-life cupid.12. She's very comfortable in the presence of royals, both British royalty and music royalty.

Only angels can do that.

And lastly, the most important reason she's an angel sent to us from up above:13. She spends her money and free time on charitable causes.

The list of things Taylor has done for the less fortunate is a whole other article in itself, but her being named the most charitable celeb in 2013 should tell you all you need to know. Here are just a few instances of charity work she's been involved with over the past couple of years:• Donated $100,000 to the Nashville Symphony (2013)• Invited a young cancer patient to attend the ACMS with her (2012)• Headlined a London benefit for homeless youth (2013)• Donated $100,000 to the Red Cross (2008)• Donated $4 million to a new education center at the Country Music Hall of Fame and Museum (2012) • Donated $500,000 to Nashville flood relief (2010)• Countless visits to children's hospitals• Donated $10,000 to the Horace Mann School for the Deaf (2012)We love you, Saint Swifty! And to quote the great Beyoncé, we can see your halo.(Originally published on Tue., Aug. 5, 2014 at 12:55 PM PDT)

PHOTOS: Taylor Swift loves cats, and we love Taylor Swift for loving cats
/n