Lisa Rinna Admits To Gossiping About Yolanda Foster’s Lyme Disease On 'RHOBH!'/n
Tonight was a night of truth telling! A few housewives had some ill feelings they had to get off their chests and had no problem telling it like it was!
The conversation that all The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills ladies were waiting for was the one between Lisa Rinna and Yolanda Foster.
Yolanda was well aware of the Munchausen’s health claim made against her and Lisa had to come clean.
PHOTOS: Lisa Rinna Dishes On ‘Speculation’ Surrounding Yolanda Foster’s Health
“I wanna be honest. I don’t feel good about a few things,” Lisa said over coffee at Yolanda’s condo.
She continued, “Somebody came to me with a word and I didn’t know what it meant and thought this is what you had, called Munchausen’s.” But Lisa insisted she didn’t believe the rumor— “It’s a scary thing. I don’t believe it.”
Yolanda remained calm and collected throughout the conversation. “Stop judging others until you’re perfect yourself,” she said in her confessional. “Look in the mirror.”
PHOTOS: Yolanda Confronts ‘RHOBH’ Ladies Who Say She’s Faking Lyme Disease 
“I’m feeling like I’m the biggest piece of sh*t on the planet that I would ever question, talk, like shoot me now,” she admitted.
Before the confession, Lisa sought out Erika Girardi’s advice. After a tour of her massive Pasadena, California home, the two sat down for a glass of wine.
Rinna was again on the defense. “Yolanda puts it out and people respond and react to it,” she said. “If she didn’t put it out in a public way, I don’t think people would be talking about it.”
Again, the former soap star insisted, “I did not come up with the word Munchausen. I did not say it. But I engaged in a conversation about it.”
KPHOTOS: Kyle Richards Gets Brutally Honest About Yolanda Foster’s Divorce
Meanwhile, Kyle Richards and Lisa Vanderpump coordinated an extravagant Moulin Rouge-themed joint anniversary party. It’s Kyle and Mauricio Umansky’s 20th and Lisa and Ken Todd’s 33rd year of marriage!
It was a night of celebrating turned sour when the “morally corrupt” Faye Resnick showed up.
Apparently, Vanderpump still had an issue with her but promised Kyle she’d be cordial.
And even though newbie Kathryn Edwards and Faye had a small amount of closure during the BBQ last episode, the former model is still holding an intense grudge.
During a three-way conversation between Kathryn, Lisa, and Kyle, the former child actress defended her friend.
PHOTOS: ‘Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills’ Season 6: Secrets, Drama & Divas! 
“She’s a good girl. She’s a good friend. She’s a good person,” Kyle said. It was revealed that Kyle and Faye met in 1994, which ruffled Kathryn’s feathers.
“Now, I’m questioning Kyle. I know where Faye was at that in her life,” she said. “What Faye was then I wanna believe is not who she is now.”
Lisa didn’t mind the conversation but it bothered Kyle. She labeled it “rude” and said in her confessional she just wanted Kathryn “to shut the f*ck up!”
PHOTOS: Erika Girardi Calls Bethenny Frankel ‘Jealous’ And A ‘B*tch’ On ‘RHOBH’
The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills airs every Tuesday at 9pm ET on Bravo. /n