Val Kilmer Responds to Reports He Is Battling Cancer/n





                    Michael Douglas Confirms Val Kilmer Is Battling Cancer
                







Michael Douglas confirmed what Val Kilmer has denied for years: the actor is battling cancer.

 MORE >>





Val Kimer says he has “no cancer whatsoever,” responding to Michael Douglas’ claim  that Kilmer was battling throat cancer.
Page Six reports that Douglas made the confession on Sunday (Oct. 30, 2016) while discussing their 1996 film The Ghost in the Darkness saying, “Val was a wonderful guy who is dealing with exactly what I had, and things don’t look too good for him.”
Douglas, who battled tongue cancer back in 2010, revealed that’s why Kilmer has been keeping such a low profile the last few years. “My prayers are with him,” Douglas continued. “That’s why you haven’t heard too much from Val lately.


Michael Douglas and Catherine Zeta-Jones Selling New York Mansion








































15 Photos »


Writing an update on his Facebook page on Tuesday (Nov. 1, 2016), Vilmer said, “I love Michael Douglas but he is misinformed. The last time I spoke to him was almost two years ago, when I asked him for a referral for a specialist to get a diagnosis for a lump in my throat, which prevented me from continuing a tour of my play CITIZEN TWAIN. I ended up using a team at UCLA and have no cancer whatsoever. I still have a swollen tongue and am rehabbing steadily.”
Kilmer continued, “Some fans have mistakenly thought my silence about my personal issues meant that somehow I wasn’t being responsible to my health, because of my reliance on prayer and Love. Nothing could be further from the truth. Whatever led Michael Douglas to speculate about my health, he’s a loving and devoted friend to a privileged group of talent people around the world, and I’m sure he meant no harm.”
He concluded, “Being healthy and having the respect of my peers and love from my family, friends, peers and fans is a DAILY source of inspiration, for which I am so grateful, you have no idea.” Read the whole statement below:

Rumors about Kilmer possibly having throat cancer surfaced last year when he was hospitalized after he began bleeding from his throat. At that time, he also denied he was battling cancer, posting on Facebook to shut down the rumors.
/n