Rosie O'Donnell's Daughter Chelsea Tells All Her Mom's Secrets — Drugs, Neglect, What's Going On With Tatum O'Neal, And Why She Really Quit The View!/n

UPDATE 4:41 PM EST: Rosie has responded. Learn what she has to say here.
—————————-
Talk about airing your dirty laundry!
Rosie O'Donnell's daughter Chelsea O'Donnell was at the center of quite a bit of media attention back in August when she reportedly ran away from home.
Well now Chelsea is speaking up about her adopted mom — and none of it is very flattering!
Related: Rosie O'Donnell Reportedly Saved Ex Michelle Rounds' Life During Her Suicide Attempt
In an interview with DailyMail.com, Chelsea opened up about her childhood and growing up with her mom — in public and in private — saying that: 

"I find her not genuine a lot of the time. When we'd go out, she was a completely different person in public than at home and I had a hard time with that. It's like two different people."
What does the public not see? She revealed:

"She would drink beer when we were growing up but after her heart attack she couldn't. Now I think she drinks wine…I mean, she smokes weed – not around us – but the whole house smells like it."
Chelsea also talked about how Rosie has a house that she bought next door for arts and crafts that she would lock herself away in, saying:

"She has some speakers set up and she blasts Madonna, she's obsessed with her. But she also like to play Eminem and Chris Brown… She would watch documentaries and draw all day long, in her bedroom or in her arts and crafts house."
Because of the lack of attention that Chelsea received from her mom, she said he was "pretty much raised by nannies." Geraldine and Tanya were two nannies she was particularly attached to:

"Ger has been there since before I was born. She was there for my older brother, Parker. They [Geraldine and Tanya] have both been a huge part of my life and support."
Chelsea opened up about her childhood saying that it was a pretty happy one, at least up until about 12 years old — around the same time that Rosie and Kelli Carpenter's marriage fell apart.
Related: Tatum O'Neal Deletes A Photo After Claiming She Was On Vacation With Her 'Wife'!
It was after Kelli and Rosie's split that Chelsea says:

"That's when everything started to go downhill and I got sent away."
When she turned 13 years old, she was sent to a therapeutic boarding school in Utah where she spent three years. Chelsea remembers it saying:

"I didn't really enjoy it. It was really far away, really strict and in the middle of nowhere. The people were great – I'm still in contact with almost all of them."
She also harbored a lot of frustration towards Rosie for sending her there:

"I resent her for that. That's four years of my life that were spent sent away to places where I had very limited freedom and I didn't want to be… I think being sent away has played a huge part in why our relationship is so hard."
Later in the interview, Chelsea talked a bit about her adopted mom revealing what went on behind the scenes of The View and revealed why Rosie REALLY departed:

"She and Whoopi really didn't get along and she'd come home every day and talk about how she was stoned on set and she was being really mean to her… Rosie said 'I've already had a heart attack, I don't need this much stress.'"
We knew she didn't get along with Whoopi Goldberg. But what's really going on between Rosie and Tatum O'Neal?
"I mean I know now, I guess Rosie's friends with Tatum. They would FaceTime a lot. I met her once, at the beginning of August, around the time I was getting kicked out of the house."
One of the most interesting things she revealed in the interview was her side of the story about her running away from home!
She claims that Rosie was the one that kicked her out:

"She told me to leave and take my dog… Rosie said that I was almost 18, and she got all this crap from work, and she didn't want to have to deal with that at home too."
Related: Rosie O'Donnell Shares What's Keeping Her Going Amidst Legal Drama With Her Daughter!
She went on to say:

"Rosie knew I was planning to leave, that's why I think she kicked me out. She asked me to talk about what was going on and I didn't want to. So she asked for my phone and my computer. This was hours before she told me to leave…I gave them to her. A few hours later, she told me to leave. I wasn't planning to go until I turned 18 on the 24th… Rosie said that I was almost 18, and she got all this crap from work, and she didn't want to have to deal with that at home too."
Chelsea was also quite upset about the fact that her "mental illness" was played up, and she even said:

"Putting out there that I am mentally ill was really hurtful. People think I'm this crazy person and as I've said, I have depression and bad anxiety – but it's been something that's gotten a lot better. But these were personal things and I didn't want anyone to know them about me.""
She believes she knows the reason Rosie released that info:

"People started asking questions and she didn't want to seem like this bad parent that had kicked her daughter out."
According to Chelsea, as soon as she got back, Rosie's public facade dropped:

"She had two of my bags packed with clothes. Literally ten minutes after the police had dropped me off at the house, I got in a car and went to a friend's house."
As for where Chelsea is now, she seems to be in a better place now that she's in contact with her birth mother, and living in Barnegat Township, New Jersey with her boyfriend Steven Sheerer — the same one that she ran away to back in August.
Related: The View's Joy Behar Calls Rosie O'Donnell 'The Sarah Palin Of Television'! Burn!
Since she moved out, Chelsea says she has no financial support from her adopted mom. She said:

"Rosie text me the other day and called me a 'cash cow.'"
Wow.
That's quite a story!
What do you think? Who's story do you believe or is there a bit of truth to both of them?!
[Image via Instagram.]
/n