Two Teens Dead After Allegedly Playing Sick Social Media Suicide Game/n
According to sources, in the dark depths of the Internet exists a suicide game called the Blue Whale Challenge, RadarOnline.com can reveal, and it has already caused the deaths of two innocent teens.
The sick game reportedly consists of an “obstacle course” of 50 daily tasks that ends with the individual committing suicide on camera, upon completion.
PHOTOS: Hostile Takeover! ’19 Kids And Counting’ Star Jill Duggar’s Facebook Account Hacked By Raunchy Pranksters — 12 Hilarious Posts
While no factual evidence has been found that the game exists, two U.S. families have claimed their teens killed themselves because of this sick challenge.
A father in San Antonio confirmed that his 15-year-old son was found hanging dead from his closet this past Saturday, while his cellphone was propped nearby, streaming the terrifying suicide.
Heartbroken dad Jorge Gonzalez said his son Isaiah Gonzalez was definitely sending friends pictures of the completed tasks, though they have not released the photos to authorities.
PHOTOS: It’s Over! Lindsey Vonn & Tiger Woods Announce Mutual Split On Facebook: ‘We Both Lead Hectic Lives’
Another family, whose identity has not been shared, claimed their 16-year-old daughter died in a similar manner, due to the Blue Whale Challenge.
Sources have voiced different explanations for the game; with some saying it started in Russia and lives on Instagram and Facebook. Another claims the players are chosen when predators contact individuals via cellphone apps and chat rooms and force the teens to participate.
According to the Baldwin County Public School System in Alabama, criminals”threaten the teenagers with harm to their families or releasing of personal information until they kill themselves.”
PHOTOS: Hot, ‘Sweaty,’ & X-Rated! Inside Anthony Weiner’s Facebook Sext Scandal
Both the Alabama school system and the Miami Police department have warned parents about the horrific game. The Washington Post has even reported that people interested in playing Blue Whale Challenge begin by posting on social media and asking for a “curator.” Whoever that person ends up being, they are then responsible for assigning the user 50 daily tasks, the last one being suicide.
Tasks reportedly can range anywhere from watching a movie to cutting themselves.
Due to the increased number of live-streamed deaths and broadcasted suicides in recent years, Facebook Live announced in May that it will add 3,000 workers to monitor live video. Suicide prevention tools have also been plugged into Facebook Live and offer live-chat support from crisis support organizations.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n