Johnny Depp Sports A New Look In Ibiza As His Lawyers Finalize An Impressive List Of Witnesses For Upcoming Court Showdown With Amber Heard/n

UPDATE 1:11 PM EST: Amber's team plans to present "videos and audios" of the actress interacting with Johnny at their home. At this time, the content of the materials are unclear.
————————–———–
Johnny Depp's legal team isn't messing around!
Following Amber Heard's deposition drama this past Saturday, more info about the couple's upcoming legal showdown has come to light. From confirmed witnesses to new evidence, it's clear Depp is more than ready to face off with Heard's team in court next week.
Related: Johnny Is Ready 'To Move On' From Amber
According to sources close to J.D., he has TWENTY witnesses ready to testify on his behalf against Ambs' allegations of domestic abuse. The impressive list includes two responding officers who dealt with Johnny and the actress' May 21 fight, five concierges in the couple's building who didn't observe injuries on Amber, and two security guards who were also present at the time of the supposed abuse.
In addition to the witnesses above, Depp's housekeeper Hilda Vargas will testify about a "discovery in the home." While we're not sure what the "discovery" entails, it sounds like it could be damning.
Depp's lawyer also submitted a mysterious photo which will be withheld until the first court date for "privacy reasons."
As for A.H., she only has seven witnesses on her roster. The list includes  the celeb's good friend iO Tillett Wright and other close pals.
In terms of evidence, the Texas native will present a snap of herself holding pills which she plans to connect to her claims of violence. The beauty will also bring prior medical records to substantiate her allegations.
Despite all the legal craziness going on in preparation for next week's trial, Mr. Depp decided to decompress with a lavish trip to Ibiza, Spain over the weekend. Paps caught the father of two sporting a new haircut and a relaxed look as he departed a private jet.
While we're not too sold on the actor's poncho, the new 'do takes some years off the 53-year-old. The star definitely looks better in the photo (above)! than he has in previous weeks.
So, what do YOU think of the witness lists?
[Image via FameFlynetpictures/WENN.]
/n