Devastated Kim D Breaks Down Over Double Murder: 'Three Babies Were Left Behind!'/n
Kim DePaola is known for holding her drama-packed Posh fashion shows, but this year she’s adding another event to her schedule. The Real Housewives of New Jersey star exclusively told RadarOnline.com that she is holding a fundraiser for the families of the men murdered in her car on Friday.
The Passaic County Prosecutor’s Office revealed Aaron Anderson, 27, and Antonio Vega Jr., 25 were the two men found shot and burned to death in DePaola’s Audi.
“I’m going to throw a fundraiser in the beginning of June,” DePaola told Radar. “There are people they left behind, their families and children.”
PHOTOS: The Curse Of Reality TV — 30 Reality Stars Who Died From Murder, Suicide, Overdoses & More
Anderson was the father of a 1-year-old son, while Vega was father to a 5-year-old daughter, with another child on the way.
“Aaron was at my last fashion show with his girlfriend,” DePaola, 56, said of her son’s friend. “Three babies were left behind.”
The Bravo star previously told Radar that Anderson was supposed to drop her son Chris Camiscioli, 27, off at the airport and park the car.
PHOTOS: Serial Killers In A Skirt — 30 Cold Blooded Murderers Who Are Women
“But he used the car and then this horrific accident happened,” she said. “The cops never thought I had anything to do with it. This would’ve happened in my car or not.”
Anderson’s mother Michele Ryerson knew her son was “gone” before police identified him.
“They found a wire in the driver’s mouth, in his jaws, my son has a wire in his jaw,” she told WABC.
Clarence Williams, 26, and Gerry Thomas, 28, have been charged with the murders.
Police responded to a car fire on Friday at 2a.m. Law enforcement sources told NBC New York that the victims had been shot in the head execution-style before the car went up in flames.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n