filming in the network's studio. I'm hoping that this upcoming challenge will show off my knowledge of celebrity style and of the latest fashion trends. Ida Tedesco: I'm looking forward to showing my ability to take pieces tha.../n
The E! Style Contributor Contest is officially underway!The top 8 contestants have been selected and, next up, they're headed to Hollywood for the ultimate style competition. The contestants are vying for their chance in the spotlight to report for E! News at the next New York Fashion Week. Once they compete in LA later this month, the final four are off to Miami to go head-to-head at Miami Fashion Week this summer.You can check out the competition on E! News soon, but to find out what the top 8 are most excited about, keep reading!



Courtesy of Lauren Graham

Lauren Graham: I'm so excited to have my chance to be in the studio and put my broadcast journalism and fashion backgrounds together. I also can't wait to show the judges my innate fashion sense and my ability to put my own twist on a trend while using my on-camera experience to have a lot of fun and celebrate fashion!

Sarah Jayne Jenson: I'm super-duper excited to hang with the E! fam, share my love for fashion and put my skills to the test! I love talking about what the celebs are wearing, but I  also love showing how the everyday woman can create on-trend outfits with what they already have in their closet.

Stacee Michelle: I am excited about the opportunity to compete for a job that will never feel like work, engage with fashion and beauty elite and experience challenges that will broaden my expertise. My personal style is driven by confidence: No matter where I am going or what I am wearing, confidence is my best accessory.



Courtesy of Mikey Monis

Mikey Monis: LIGHTS! CAMERA! ACTION! I'm excited to meet all the contestants and show my energetic personality that God gave me. I am the unofficial fashion police and I can smell a bad outfit from a mile away! BOOM! TICKET!



Courtesy of Deepica-Mutyala

Deepica Mutyala: I am most excited about being in-studio at E! News. The thought itself sounds SO surreal: It's a total pinch me moment! My style perspective is on-the-go effortless chic: I can take any outfit from day to night!



Courtesy of Olivia Rodriguez

Olivia Rodriguez: Not only am I excited to be in the LA scene, but I'm beyond thrilled to be fulfilling one of my biggest dreams of working with the E! team and filming in the network's studio. I'm hoping that this upcoming challenge will show off my knowledge of celebrity style and of the latest fashion trends.



Courtesy of Ida Tedesco

Ida Tedesco: I'm looking forward to showing my ability to take pieces that are on trend and creating a versatile outfit that can fit any occasion! Fashion is something that allows you to become whoever you want to be, whenever you want to be it.

Monica Veloz: I'm most excited about going to the E! News studio and seeing where the real magic happens! I'm definitely hoping to showcase how to style fun statement pieces together and how to bring basic pieces to life with just a little bit of confidence!
/n