Your 6 Weekend Picks: Blac Chyna Is “Devastated” by Rob Kardashian Leaking Her Explicit Photos/n





                    Blac Chyna Accuses Rob Kardashian of Domestic Abuse
                







Yikes!

 MORE >>










                    Blac Chyna Kisses Another Man Amid Rob Kardashian Drama
                







She DGAF.

 MORE >>





Blac Chyna finally spoke out against her ex-boyfriend, Rob Kardashian.

Sitting down with her attorney, Lisa Bloom, in a pre-taped Good Morning America interview aired Monday (July 10, 2017), the mother-of-two opened up about seeing her nudes leaked online by her former fiancé.
“I was devastated, of course. I’m like, how could somebody, like, post these pictures of me?” Chyna confessed. “And I’m like, ‘Wow, OK.’ Like, this is a person that I trusted. I felt…betrayed.”
The photos, which exposed Chyna’s bare breasts and genitals, were posted onto Rob’s Instagram account alongside accusations that the Lashed Bar owner had cheated. Rob also claimed he paid $100,000 for Chyna to get plastic surgery after the birth of their 7-month-old daughter, Dream Kardashian.
“I was already Blac Chyna before the Kardashians,” she said, defending herself against allegations she only had a baby to get back at ex-boyfriend Tyga hooking up with Rob’s younger sister, Kylie Jenner. “Nobody was out to make a baby out of spite.”





As for infidelity allegations, Chyna shared she was already broken up with Rob when she started dating other people. She explained she sent Rob a video of her kissing another man in hopes he would move on.
“I’ve been broken up with Rob since December. It’s like, if somebody keeps poking at you and poking at you and poking at you, and keep poking at you, eventually you’re going to pop,” Chyna said. “I was just like, ‘Maybe if I send this video to him, then he’ll just leave me alone.'”
Chyna since sought out to file a temporary restraining order against her ex, citing he got physical with her in April. In the mean time, Rob could face changes as California, where the exes reside, passed an anti-revenge porn law in 2013.
Chyna said, “The moral of the story is, like, he doesn’t respect me, so if you can’t respect me, you have to respect the law.”

Read more about this story and catch up on other celebrity news headlines from the weekend, including:

Shia LaBeouf Arrested for Public Drunkenness in Georgia
True Blood Alum Nelsan Ellis Dead at 39
Julianne Hough Marries Brooks Laich
James Corden Is Expecting Baby No. 3 with Wife Julia Carey
Dancing with the Stars Couple Maksim Chmerkovskiy and Peta Mergatroyd Get Married



Top Celebrity News Stories—July 10, 2017








































6 Photos »


/n