Grump Trump Dumps on Plump/nDoes The Donald hate fat people? The thrice-married (to two models and a beauty queen), hair-challenged tycoon responded to Rosie O'Donnell's criticism of his handling of Miss USA's troubles -- by calling O'Donnell  "fat little Rosie, " a  "fat slob, " and saying  "I'd like to take some money out of her fatass pockets, " among other weight-directed insults. It's not the first time he's commented on size. Just two months after current wife Melania gave birth to son Barron, the Donald was quick to point out her extra weight to the New York Post. Columnist Andrea Peyser described a visit to the family in their palatial Trump Tower pad:  "I tell Melania she's lost her baby weight. Donald arrives just in time to correct me. 'She's almost lost all the baby weight,' he says, hanging his suit jacket on the crib and loosening his tie. 'Actually, Melania is probably the only woman I've ever known who can concentrate a 4-pound weight increase almost entirely on her cleavage.' " Four pounds.In May of this year, a profanity-spewing Trump served as guest auctioneer at a swanky New York charity dinner. After one generous man bid $16,000 on a vacation to Costa Rica, Trump invited the portly gentleman onstage, crowing to the crowd when he got there,  "You see, he wants to catch Montezuma's Revenge and lose 50 or 60 pounds! " How gracious. And there's  "The Apprentice ", returning to NBC for a sixth season in January, for which Donald personally approves all candidates. Competing in the upcoming round, much as in the five previous, are 10 svelte females.   TMZ reached out to NAAFA (National Association to Advance Fat Acceptance) to see how they felt on the matter. Spokeswoman Peggy Howell said,  "Rather than be the bigger man, Donald attacked Rosie's physical appearance by calling her fat. We in NAAFA are not offended by the use of the word 'fat' as a descriptor, but do find it offensive when one uses it as a weapon of personal attack. " She also pointed out that  "Both of these intelligent, successful people serve as role models and their behavior is inexcusable. "   A spokeswoman for NBC was mum on Trump's comments./n