Katherine Heigl Is OFFICIALLY Pregnant & She's Having A…/n

Though Katherine Heigl and her musician husband Josh Kelley already have two adopted little girls, Adelaide Marie Hope and Naleigh Moon, the blonde beauty is pregnant with the couple's soon-to-be third kid!
Related: Blake Lively Flaunts Her Perfect Legs & Adorable Bump In Navy Mini
This is huge news not only because this will be the 37-year-old's first biological child, but the happy couple also released that they're having a boy AND that Heigl is due in January!
Katherine and Josh released a statement to PEOPLE regarding the big announcement saying:

"The Kelley clan is thrilled to announce that we are expecting a third addition to our family. Naleigh and Adelaide could not be more excited to welcome their new sibling into the fold and Josh and I are overflowing with joy and gratitude."
The blonde beauty continued saying:

"This is an incredibly exciting time for us filled with hope, anticipation, and hormones. Well, only I'm filled with hormones, but everyone in the family gets to enjoy them. We couldn't be more excited to be able to finally share this news with our fans and are looking forward to continuing to share the journey with you all. xoxo, Katie and Josh"
Related:Blac Chyna Shows Off Her Baby Bump Curves In Spandex!
The Knocked Up star and her husband adopted Naleigh from South Korea in September 2009 when she was just nine months old and then adopted Adelaide in 2012.
It will be interesting to see what Katherine and Josh name their new bundle of joy seeing as how their two daughters were given family inspired names. Naleigh is a combination of Nancy, Heigl's mom's name, and Leigh, the actress' sister's middle name. Adelaide, on the other hand, was named this as the former Grey's Anatomy star previously dished:

"because of my great-grandmother, Marie after my middle name, and Hope because that is what the process became."
With so much thought going into their babies' names, what do you think they should name their little boy?!
[Image via WENN.]
/n