The 15 Days of Celebmas: ZAGG Slim Book Pro/n
Happy holidays and welcome to Celebuzz’s 15 Days of Celebmas gift guide and giveaway!
We are featuring 15 unique products and services that we think would be perfect holiday gifts and we are giving ALL of them away to one lucky winner. Each day we will be highlighting one of the items in our guide, and then at the end of the 15 days (December 15, 2016) we will be choosing one lucky reader who will win all 15 gifts! Details on how to enter to win are at the bottom of the article.


The 15 Days of Celebmas








































15 Photos »



ZAGG Slim Book Pro ($149.99) – The Slim Book Pro for 9.7-inch iPad Pro with wireless Bluetooth® design, gives you the convenience to use your keyboard connected to or separated from your iPad. Perfect for families who use their device for business and play!





Your keyboard doesn’t have to be tied down to just one device. Its multi-pairing, Bluetooth design sets it free so it can seamlessly sync with up to three devices at a time. Jumping back and forth between your iPad, phone, and desktop? Not to worry – the Slim Book Pro also lets you toggle between devices with just the push of a button. Four versatile modes are ready for whatever your day brings you. From Video Mode and Case Mode to Attached Keyboard Mode and Detached Keyboard Mode, the Slim Book Pro is ready for anything.





Features:

A convenient kickstand that’s built into the case gives you the perfect viewing angle every time and its multi-function design delivers maximum versatility with Keyboard, Video, Case, and Book modes.
Smart programming pairs it with up to three Apple, Android, and Windows* devices, and instantly toggles between them.
The ergonomically designed keyboard offers a natural slope that’s easy on your hands for longer-lasting, more comfortable typing; and with island-style keys, it delivers the perfect typing experience.
The integrated mophie app is the easiest way to check how much battery life your Slim Book and iPad have, no matter where you’re at.

You can purchase the ZAGG Slim Book Pro here!

Below are all 15 of the products and services that are featured in the 2016 Celebuzz’s 15 Days of Celebmas! Click the items for find out more information and for details on where to purchase.

Lacoste Home Leste Red Bedding Collection & Lacoste Home Signature Logo Bath Towel – The epitome of luxury.
FluidStance Original Handmade Level and Holster – Free yourself from your desk chair and keep that heart rate up.
Dyson Pure Hot + Cool Link Air Purifier Heater & Fan- Intelligently purifies, heats and cools you.
Rock ‘N’ Rolla XL “Vintage” Record Player – Vinyl is back in baby!
New Nintendo 3DS XL – The latest and greatest Nintendo gaming device.
Swagtron T5 Hoverboard – This hands-free smart board is all the technology & quality!
Hercules – DJ Control Instinct P8 Party Pack – Be the life of your next party with this DJ deck featuring party lights!
TCL 43-Inch 4K Ultra HD Roku Smart LED TV – The TV that may be smarter than all of us.
Drinkmate – Carbonate ANY beverage! From juices, cocktails, iced tea, and even beer.
Maggie Wallet by JEMMA – So versatile that it can be worn three different ways!
Swagboard NG-1 Electric Skateboard – The next generation skateboard electrically reimagined.
ZAGG Slim Book Pro – Enjoy the convenience to use your keyboard connected to or separated from your iPad.
Hot Wheels – Two classic track sets for the Hot Wheels enthusiast.
The I.V. Doc – Enjoy this in-home luxury hydration service with a $100 gift card.
Stella & Dot Covet Sunday Bag and Covet Pave Intention Necklace in White Gold - Two gorgeous items from Stella & Dot’s latest collection, Covet by Stella & Dot.

 


The 15 Days of Celebmas








































15 Photos »


Here is how to enter to win:
1) Leave a comment on this post telling us what past gift you received for the holidays was the most special to you!
2) Feel free to leave multiple comments!
3) When leaving your comment(s), make sure you are logged in using a valid email address! We will contact the winner via email.
4) You must live in the continental United States and be 18-years-old or older to enter. You have until midnight PST December 15, 2016 to enter.


The 15 Days of Celebmas








































15 Photos »


/n