 Pauley Perrette Admits Terror Over Sick Stalker: 'How Is He Going To Kill Me One Day?'.../n
In 2014, Pauly Perrette accused her ex-husband of harassing her relentlessly and even posing as a woman online in an effort to catfish her — and now, she’s coming forward with more terrifying details about her sickening ordeal.
“I have been stalked for over a decade, and I am working very hard to change stalking laws,” the NCIS actress, 47, reveals in a sneak preview for CBS’ 48 Hours, airing Saturday, February 25, at 9 pm et.
“There’s no way that you can’t consider the end game,” she continues. “How is he going to kill me one day?”
Perrette, who also claimed she nearly died after an attack by a “psychotic” homeless man in 2015, also expresses her heartbreak for the late Voice star Christina Grimmie, who was murdered by a an obsessed fan after an Orlando, Florida, concert in June 2016. She was just 22 years old.
“That poor, sweet girl with her arms wide open,” she says.
But while celebrities are often highlighted for being targets, Perrette insists anyone can become a stalker’s victim.
“People are stalked every day in every town in America,” she claims.
WATCH VIDEO HERE
One of these people is Perrette’s friend, TV producer, art curator and victims’ rights activist Lenora Claire.
Claire, who is also prominently featured on the 48 Hours episode, is working tirelessly to change stalking laws after a man who spotted her in LA Weekly began threatening to rape and kill her six years ago — and never stopped.
“I can only describe being stalked as feeling like you are being held under water because you can scream and nobody hears you,” she tells Radar exclusively.
Claire has a restraining order against her stalker, Justin Massler — who served jail time for also harassing First Daughter Ivanka Trump — but cannot relax, as the man is currently free.
For the more on Claire’s story and efforts to better protect victims, visit her personal site and her nonprofit, VERSE.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n