Tiger Woods Back On Par Finally, Nearly Two Years After Cheating Scandal Broke/n
By Radar Staff
Tiger Woods is making headlines for his golf play, once again. 
The sports legend wrestled away the lead at the Australian Open Thursday, nailing five birdies in his first nine holes to best Aussie Peter O’Malley by a stroke at the competition’s halfway mark. 
Woods said he’s “playing properly” approaching the two-year anniversary of his Thanksgiving blow-up with now ex-wife Elin Nordegren, which made worldwide headlines, along with the serial-cheating revelations that followed.
PHOTOS: Elin Nordegren Through The Years
Woods, 35, implied that the fallout from the fiasco had played a part in distracting him from the links, causing a two-year drought in tournament wins.  
“It’s one of those things, just being patient,” Woods said. “I derive a lot of my confidence from practice. I’m getting ample practice time. That’s something I’ve not done in the last couple of years.”
PHOTOS: Hollywood’s Hottest Divorcees Bare All In Their Bikinis
As RadarOnline.com previously reported, Tiger and Elin finalized their divorce in August 2010, after six years of marriage, they have two children together, Sam and Charlie.
Elin received a mega divorce payout of $110 million, sources exclusively told RadarOnline.com.
EXCLUSIVE  PHOTOS: First Pictures Of Tiger Woods In Sex Rehab
The marriage exploded after Tiger’s affair with Rachel Uchitel was exposed. After the National Enquirer published a report detailing Tiger’s secret rendezvous with Uchitel in Australia, more than 10 women came forward claiming to have had affairs with the golfing legend.
In the early morning hours after Thanksgiving, 2009 Tiger and Elin argued inside their home, causing him to jump into his Escalade, drive erratically and crash into a fire hydrant and tree. Shortly after that episode Tiger checked into rehab in Hattiesburg, Mississippi for sex addiction.
RELATED STORIES:
Elin Nordegren Plays At A Park With Her Kids
Gloria Allred Suing Tiger Woods’ Former Coach On Behalf Of Teen Golf Prodigy
Is Elin Nordegren Headed To The Altar?
Seven Things You Didn’t Know About Elin Nordegren /n