'Idol' Is Finally Over!/nWith performances by Gladys Knight, Smokey Robinson and BeBe and CeCe Winans, last night Jordin Sparks was crowned the latest  "American Idol " on what seemed more like a  "Solid Gold " rerun than the finale of the most watched show on television! Nothing says 2007 like ... Bette Midler?!TMZ has the rundown on last night's eight-hour live broadcast:The finale rambled on longer than a Paula Abdul interview! Something's broken on Paula -- and it ain't her nose! The  "Golden Idol Awards " -- Um ... No! Making fun of an infantile overweight woman dressed like Big Bird and two peculiarly challenged young men does nothing for  "Idol's " industry cred ... who knew minstrel shows were making a primetime comeback? Why do producers want to add a crappy awards show to a crappy award show? Gladys Knight -- She's gotten rid of the Pips -- and all facial expression! Thankfully, the only thing Botox didn't kill was her voice. Girlfriend needs an eyelash /weave wrangler.Smokey Robinson -- When did he become  "Whisperin' Smokey Robinson? " At least one wide-eyed Jurassic crooner knows what notes he can still hit. Doug E. Fresh -- Thank you,  "Idol, " for transporting us all the way into ... 1985! *pah-chunk foomph-a-foomph*Tony Bennett -- Nobody hit the money note last night better than Tony -- who's 80! Sanjaya /Joe Perry -- Enough about Sanjy's hair. What the f**k was going on with Joe Perry's ratty bird's nest weave?! You Really Got Me!Clive Davis -- Since he won't trash Clarkson in public, he'll just rave about Carrie Underwood (aka the un-Kelly) like she cured cancer. And can someone remind him Clay Aiken did NOT win  "Idol " -- Ruben Studdard did! Poor Rube! While he pointed out everyone from Chris Daughtry to Jennifer Hudson (what no Carmen Rasmussen?!), Clive forgot to mention the Velvet Teddy Bear himself.Kelly Clarkson --  "Idol's " prodigal daughter comes home. Love her or hate her (Clive!) she knows how to transform a poetry slam into an  "Idol " performance. Metalicious! By the way, how much must it suck when your album sells 10 million copies (more than Saint Carrie), you win 2 Grammys and your songwriting ability is honored by ASCAP -- yet your label Prez still shelves your new album because it isn't  "pop " enough?! Was Kat McPhee's non-selling album pop enough for ya, Clive?Carrie Underwood -- Country Barbie could get a DUI and flash her hay and she'd still be  "Idol's " Patron Saint. The twangy gal can do no wrong ... except when it comes to Beatles songs!Melinda Doolittle /BeBe and CeCe Winans -- Hallelujah! Sometimes when you lose, you really win. Green Day -- Through the magic of television, we were transported out of the Kodak Theater to the regular  "Idol " stage and back -- in just under four minutes! How'd they do that?!Bette Midler -- Where was Kermie?! Somebody knocked out the wind beneath her wings! Que paso?! The only thing worse than the not-so Divine Miss M's Vegas-bound performance was the rubber S&M bathmat she transmogrified into a skirt! Ya gotta have friends!Beatles Songs -- Michael Jackson might want to reconsider the worth of the catalog; it was seriously devalued by last night's shrill salute, exemplified by Taylor Hicks' special needs rendition of  "A Day in the Life. " Blake Lewis -- Was there ... we think.Jordin Sparks -- She should sing next to Ruben more often -- she suddenly became a size 2! Oh, by the way, nice how they tossed in at the end that Jordin won. Goodnight everybody!/n