‘Emily Owens, M.D.’ Contest: Win a ‘Play Doctor’ Prize Pack (UPDATED)/n





                    More eps of 'emily owens'
                









 MORE >>










                    The CW Fall 2012
                







Look at the key art for the new CW fall 2012 shows. 

 MORE >>





 Get ready Emily Owens fans! Emily Owens M.D. is back on The CW Tuesday and Celebuzz has got a great contest for you.
Tune in Tuesday night at 9 PM when Emily (Mamie Gummer) is made a laughing stock of the hospital by a drug impaired patient in the ER. Emily and Will (Justin Hartley) will also discover a major secret when they learn that neither parent of their teenage patient who needs a partial liver transplant is a match.
You’ll also see Cassandra (Aja Naomi King) will continue to keep her eye on Will as Micah (Michael Rady) deals with his mother’s pancreatic cancer.  Then, come back here after it airs to answer some trivia and win a monster prize pack from Celebuzz and The CW.

Here’s what you can win:
Two lucky viewers will win a prize set containing a Chill Out drink set (including 2 “beaker” mugs and 1 chill pill ice cube set), clip board/ organizer, stress relief “heart,” coffee mug, set of highlighters, prescription bottle of “chill pill” mints, EOMD pen, EOMD surgical mask and a note pad.
 

'emily owens, m.d.' premiere photos








































12 Photos »



Three more fans will win a Chill Out drink set (including 2 “beaker’ mugs and 1 chill pill ice cube set, set of highlighters, prescription bottle of “chill pill” mints, EOMD pen, EOMD surgical mask and two note pads.
All you have to is come back to Celebuzz after the episode and answer the following trivia question via the comments or on twitter with the hashtag #CBEmilyOwens.
Triva Question: What does Emily agree to do for Tyra to protect her secret from her father?
UPDATED: Congratulations to the five winners!
You will be contacted by Celebuzz via direct message on Twitter to receive your prizes. Thank you for participating!
 
Emily Owens, M.D.  airs Tuesdays at 9 PM on The CW.
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n