 Bruce Jenner’s Plastic Surgery Hell Exposed: Doctors Say He Is ‘Disfiguring’ Himself.../n
Bruce Jenner’s shocking plastic surgery transformation has caused concern among friends, as the Keeping up with the Kardashians patriarch grows ever more unrecognizable. And according to a new report, they have reason to be worried: Top doctors tell The National ENQUIRER that Jenner is “disfiguring” himself and putting his health at risk!
“Bruce is experiencing terrifying complications to his face, nose, neck, lips and breasts,” a family insider told The ENQUIRER. “He’s sculpted and reshaped his nose so much – to give it an ultra-thin and feminine appearance – he can barely breathe out of it. He’s worried that he’ll wind up like Michael Jackson, with his nose literally crumbling off his face so that he’ll need a prosthetic!”
Dr. Kathy Rumer, a reconstructive surgeon and aesthetician based in Philadelphia, agrees. She told The ENQUIRER, “You can have permanent redness of the nose and, if the undermining of the soft tissue is too severe, you can have skin death. There can also be functional problems that lead to difficulty in breathing.”
PHOTOS: Dude Looks Like A Lady! Bruce Jenner’s Transformation Exposed In 91 Shocking Pics
Dr. Rumer, who has not treated the 65-year-old, added that “a botched rhinoplasty can lead to facially disfiguring results.”
According the source, even after the laryngeal shave that reduced his Adam’s apple to a more feminine look, “Bruce complains that his throat looks lumpy … which is why he wears a lot of high-neck shirts.”
Jenner also reportedly consider his lips to be another problematic area. The insider told The ENQUIRER, “He’s injected so much crap into them to plump them up that they’re also lumpy and prone to sores.”
PHOTOS: Male Plastic Surgery Disasters! 10 Photos Of Bruce Jenner, Sylvester Stallone & More Cosmetic Calamities!
In fact, according to noted plastic surgeon Dr. Yoel Shahar, who hasn’t treated Jenner, “Bruce’s lip augmentation looks unnatural. Lip augmentation in men requires a conservative amount of fillers to look natural, compared to lip augmentation in females.
It’s just as bad below the neck. After Jenner was caught stepping out recently wearing a sports bra in public, the Kardashian insider tells the magazine, “Bruce’s burgeoning breasts are droopy and saggy, and one is bigger than the other. He certainly wouldn’t look good in a tight-fitting dress or blouse.”
Although Jenner’s surgeries could eventually cost him his life, the price while he is still living is extraordinary, experts say.
PHOTOS: Quite The Support System! Bruce Jenner Dons Sports Bra While Out To Lunch With Daughter Kylie
“Bruce has likely spent close to $40,000, simply judging from the work that can be seen,” Dr. Shehar told The ENQUIRER. “A facelift can cost $15,000. The laryngeal shave is estimated at $6,000 and Bruce’s nose job could have cost $12,000. His use of hyaluronic acid fillers for his lips and the area around his mouth can cost between $2,000 to $3,000. If he got an estrogen hormonal treatment to augment the growth of breasts, it could easily run $3,000.”
For more on his plastic surgery hell, pick up the latest issue of The ENQUIRER, on stands now! /n