Amy's Nightmare! Roloff's Ex-Husband Matt Faces Off Against Her New Man Chris/n
Amy Roloff has moved on from her nearly 30-year marriage and subsequent divorce from husband Matt to an exciting romance with hunky real estate broker Chris Marek. But her past and present lives collided when her ex and new boyfriend met for the first time on the season finale of Little People, Big World!
On last night’s episode of the TLC hit reality show, Chris asked Amy, 52, if he could meet the father of her four children over dinner near her Oregon home.
“Amy more thought about me meeting Matt?” Chris, 54, asked cautiously, causing Amy to bristle.
“Oh gosh. Do you really want to?”
PHOTOS: Brain Surgery, Car Wrecks & Painkillers: Inside ‘Little People, Big World’s Scary Medical Crises
“I see him at a distance all the time, walking across his land, and it just seems like it would be polite to say hello,” Chris explained. “It could just be a cordial hello, or just sit down and have a beer…”
“In my mind, I would just prefer a cordial hello and see you later,” Amy quickly responded, shutting down any possibility of man-to-man bonding time.
She admitted Matt, 55, had also asked for an introduction to Chris.
“I just don’t want him part of my personal life!” she told her boyfriend of eight months, admitting that the thought of them together left her “panicking.”
PHOTOS: ‘Little People, Big World’s Jacob Roloff Quits Show, Exposes Family’s Reality Fakery!
The reality matriarch eventually caved, but later confessed her real fears to the cameras.
“Matt is a very forceful personality,” she said, adding that he often has an “agenda.” “Matt wants to remain in control all the time, What is it you really want? It just seems weird to me.”
The Big Day soon came, and Matt arrived to Amy’s home to meet Chris.
The two men greeted each other outside as Amy nervously looked on from the kitchen.
PHOTOS: ‘Little People,’ Big Feud! Rebel Son Jacob Roloff’s 10 Biggest Disses To His Family
Though Matt often butts heads with Amy, he was graceful and polite to his ex-wife’s boyfriend.
“I’ve heard good things from all the kids,” he told Chris, who went on to rave about the couple’s children: twins Jeremy and Zach, 27, daughter Molly, 23, and rebel youngest son Jacob, 20.
After a cordial chat, Chris complimented Matt to Amy back inside.
“He’s a nice guy, friendly,” he said, relieved.
PHOTOS:Cheating Scandal? Matt Roloff Admitted He Didn’t Make Commitment A Priority
“Of course he is!” Amy sneered sarcastically.
She made it clear that the meetings would not become a regular occurrence.
“I don’t ever see myself getting together, he and Caryn, you and I. No,” she said firmly, referring to Matt’s assistant turned girlfriend, Caryn Chandler, 49 — who was once a friend of Amy’s.
Later on, Matt and Amy put aside their differences to experience joy when Zach and his wife Tori welcomed their first child, son Jackson.
Both grandma and grandpa were all smiles in the delivery room just hours after the birth.
“We’re going to be grandparents together,” Amy said. “We’re going to do our best to get along.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n