 Britney Spears Gearing Up For Court Battle With Sam Lufti, But Will Not Be Testifying.../n
By Jen Heger – Radar Assistant Managing Editor
Britney Spears is gearing up for war as she faces off in court next week against her former manager, Sam Lufti, and RadarOnline.com has exclusive details on the Toxic singer’s battle plan.
Spears’ fiance Jason Trawick, her parents, Jamie and Lynne Spears, talent agent Kevin Huvane and current manager, Larry Rudolph are all expected to take the stand against Lufti, who is suing the Spears family.
EXCLUSIVE DOCUMENTS: Britney’s Witness List
As we previously reported Lutfi is suing the ‘X Factor’ judge and her parents for defamation and breach of contract. Lufti took particular umbrage to Lynne Spears’ portrayal of him in her book, Through The Storm, that discussed Lutfi’s role in Britney’s life leading up to her very public meltdown, which resulted in Jamie gaining conservatorship of his daughter in 2008.
PHOTOS: Take a Peek Inside Britney Spears Melt Down Mansion 
Other witnesses expected to testify include Britney’s ex-assistant, Ali Sims, former manager Lou Taylor, who has worked with the singer over the years, and a slew of lawyers including Laura Wasser, who represented Britney in divorce proceedings against Kevin Federline.
However, one person that won’t be testifying is Britney herself.
PHOTOS: Britney Spears Dances For Her Man
According to documents, obtained exclusively by RadarOnline.com, the defense’s opening statement will be: “This case was filed by Plaintiff Sam Lutfi against Defendants Lynne Irene Spears, James Parnell Spears, and their daughter Britney Jean Spears in February 2009. In 2008, the Los Angeles Superior Court ordered that a conservatorship be established for Britney. The conservatorship continues to the present; thus, she is under the supervision and control of the court. As a conservatee, Britney is not allowed by law to defend herself. The court has directed her to be defended by her two Co-Conservators, Andrew Wallet and Mr. Spears.”
 
RELATED STORIES:
Britney Spears Not Getting Married To Fiancé Jason Trawick Anytime Soon
Jason Trawick To Get Co-Conservator Role Over Britney SpearsBritney Spears Losing Millions On Sale Of Beverly Hills Mansion: Take A Peek Inside
Britney Spears Wants Conservatorship To End /n