Roger Moore: Tragedy He Took To Grave!/n
Movie hunk Roger Moore beat the hell out of bad guys as secret agent James Bond, but at home, he was a punching bag for two of his four wives!
The 89-year-old star of For Your Eyes Only and six other 007 epics shockingly confessed before his May 23 cancer death he was a battered husband.
His first wife, ice skater Doorn van Steyn, flew into violent rages and nearly beaned him with a hurled teapot, he revealed!
PHOTOS: James Bond Actors Through The Years.
“She would scratch me. My mother was always petrified when I went home to see that I had more scars,” he said sheepishly.
Once she attacked the very doctor who was treating one of his wounds!
“I cut my hand open and we went round to the local [general practitioner] and she said to him, ‘Aren’t you going to do anything?’ and punched him,” recalled Roger. He said that was “a change because normally she punched me!”
PHOTOS: Kidnapped Girl Found After Being Taken From Hospital 18 Years Ago
When the 6-foot-1 screen stud — who wed the Dutch doll when he was 18 and she was 24 — announced he was leaving her, Doorn dashed into the bathroom, locked the door and turned on the bathtub faucets.
“I smashed the bathroom door open, and she had all my clothes in the tub and said, ‘Now leave me.‘
“I waited for them to dry. The marriage was doomed.”
PHOTOS: Chipotle Exec Arraigned On 7 Drug Charges In Cocaine Ring Crackdown
Roger and the ice queen divorced in 1953. He then married songbird Dorothy Squires, who also had a violent streak.
During one fight, she snatched a guitar out of his hands and bashed him with it!
When Dorothy learned he was cheating on her with Italian beauty Luisa Mattioli, who would become his third wife, she “threw a brick through my window,” he remembered.
PHOTOS: Huntington Beach Mom Murder: Suspect’s Prison Rap Sheet Exposed
Then, seething with jealousy and fury, “she reached through the glass and grabbed my shirt, and cut her arms doing it.
“The police came and said, ‘Madam, you’re bleeding.’ And she said, ‘It’s my heart that’s bleeding.’ ”
Despite his cheating, heartbroken Dorothy was so in love with the rogue she refused to give him a divorce for seven years!
PHOTOS: What Happened Here? Celebrity Deaths That Remain A Mystery
So his first two children with Luisa — actress Deborah, 53, and Geoffrey, 50, were born out of wedlock.
Meanwhile, Roger also admitted he was “selfish” and not very “nice” to his angry first two wives.
For years, Moore was a heavy boozer, and he eventually was forced to swear off martinis after developing diabetes.
His medical woes also included a battle with prostate cancer and being fitted with a pacemaker.
Roger’s marriages to Luisa — from 1969 to 2000 — and fourth wife Kristina Tholstrup turned out to be much more peaceful. But it was Kristina who finally tamed his wicked ways.
He was surrounded by his loved ones in his final days at his home in Switzerland, but was still nursing a battered and bruised ego from those early marriages.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n