Lil Wayne Breaks Down the Moment He Found Out Drake Slept With His Girlfriend In times like these, we must remember the adage, "Bros before hos." Lil Wayne, real name Dwayne Carter Jr., is releasing a handwritten journal that descr.../n
In times like these, we must remember the adage, "Bros before hos."Lil Wayne, real name Dwayne Carter Jr., is releasing a handwritten journal that describes his eight-month stint at Rikers in 2010 for gun charges through a memoir titled Gone 'Til November, and in it you'll find vulgar language, impressive penmanship and a lot of tea (drama, shadiness, gossip—for those who need clarification). Basically, it's everything you could ask for.And arguably one of the biggest bombshells revealed in the book, which hits shelves Oct. 11, is that former protégé Drakehad slept with his girlfriend. Pause for reaction. But before you get all judgy, it's not exactly what you think (however, Weezy was still pissed AF).After a short "Bad Day" post that simply said "no writing, prayer, Bible, sleep. Another one," Lil Tunechi went into what happened. In an entry called, "As a Man," he writes, "I woke up still feeling f--ked up about the f--ked-up day that I had. Hell is what it was! I'm used to arguing with my girl on a daily basis...but finding out that she f--ked Drake was the absolute worst thing I could've found out."

Weezy goes on to explain that it didn't happen while they were together, but it still made him angry. "As a man, honestly, that s--t hurt...and not because it was Drake. It could've been any man and it would've hurt the same. She said it happened way before we got together, but she just never told me."And Drake confirmed it, too. "When Drizzy came to see me, he was like, 'Yeah, it's true...Don't f--k with her like that 'cause I did f--k her.' Damn! At that point, it didn't matter to me when it f--king happened...because the f--king happened!"

It didn't seem like there was any lasting bad blood with Drizzy, as he's mentioned in good spirits again later in the memoir. Wayne just took the L and moved on. "As a man I'll admit that s--t really f--ked me up, but hey, f--k that ho! Love is blind, that's why I say make sure that bitch is a seeing-eye dog."Words to live by, guys.—Additional reporting by Gabriela Safa
/n