New York Teen Donates Kidney to Younger Brother: 'This Was My Chance to Save Him'/n
New York brothers Collin and Wesley DeGonzaque say they now share a “forever bond” after undergoing a life-saving kidney transplant surgery.   
Collin, 15, had spent his entire life in and out of hospitals due to kidney failure and was told six months ago that he would need a new organ. Wesley, 19, immediately volunteered himself to get tested.   
“I remember when I was a kid seeing Collin sick and I felt scared and helpless,” Wesley, a sophomore at Onondaga Community College, tells PEOPLE. “This was my chance to do something.”  
He adds, “This was my chance to save him.”  
Wesley DeGonzaque (left) and Collin DeGonzaque (right)Courtesy Jody WilsonAs it turned out, Wesley was a near-perfect donor match for Collin.    
On July 19, surgeons at Upstate University Hospital in Syracuse successfully completed the operation – and Collin received a kidney from his big brother.   
“The doctors told us that the kidney turned pink and started functioning right away, like it was such a good match it was almost as if it had never left the body,” Wesley explains. “It was meant to be. Whatever higher power, whatever force made it happen  I’m very thankful.”  
• Need a little inspiration? Click here to subscribe to the Daily Smile Newsletter for uplifting, feel-good stories that brighten up your inbox.
Collin, a sophomore at Henniger High School, says he “can’t put into words” how much his brother means to him.   
“I love the guy!” Collin tells PEOPLE. “The fact that he put his life at risk proves that he loves me too.”  
Collin and Wesley DeGonzaque were ‘best friends’ growing upCourtesy Jody WilsonThe boys’ mother, Jody Wilson says her sons were “the best of friends” growing up.   
“Wesley is a few years older than Collin, so he was very protective and caring towards him growing up when he was sick,” Jody tells PEOPLE. “His mentality was, ‘That’s my baby brother! I’ve got his back!’ And that’s still there.”   
Jody says she wasn’t surprised Wesley volunteered himself to get tested to be a potential donor.   
“He came to me and said, ‘I want to be tested,’ ” she says. “As a parent, I was saying, ‘Well, he’s 18, he’s old enough to make that choice. but do we want to put him through this?’ ”  
But Wesley insisted.   
Wesley DeGonzaque says his brother Collin “understands him better than anyone else.”Courtesy Jody WilsonCollin will spend the next three months resting at home as he recovers from the live-saving kidney transplant.   
Wesley does everything he can to cheer up his little brother by making him laugh and telling him stories.   
“A part of [Wesley] is with me now forever,” explains Collin. “We are kind of bonded forever.” 
/n