Gotham Co-Stars Benjamin McKenzie and Morena Baccarin Are Dating! Smells like love is in the air in Gotham City! Benjamin McKenzie and Morena Baccarin, co-stars on Fox's television series Gotham, are dating, E! has learned. The pair bot.../n
Smells like love is in the air in Gotham City!Benjamin McKenzie and Morena Baccarin, co-stars on Fox's television series Gotham, are dating, E! has learned. The pair both star in the hit show in recurring roles that fell in love over the course of the show's first season. The series, which will debut it's second season on Monday, September 21st, is a prequel to Batman and chronicles the life of Police Commissioner James Gordon, played by none other than Baccarin's new beau, McKenzie.This is not the first time the new couple has worked together on screen. During an interview in May at Fox's 2015 Upfronts, E! chatted up the duo and asked about their chemistry on set. McKenzie, 37, revealed that they had actually worked together before when Baccarin, 36, guest-starred alongside McKenzie on The O.C.—but when Baccarin reminded him of her short stint on the show, he didn't actually remember so he just played along at the time.Smooth, Ben. Real smooth!



John Sciulli/Getty Images for UNICEF

The Brazilian beauty was previously married to Austin Chick, an American producer and director. The couple wed in 2011 and had one son, Julius, in October 2013. Unfortunately, the pair split in 2015 after Chick filed for divorce. McKenzie has never been married and notoriously keeps his dating life tightly under wraps. Looks like he couldn't keep this secret for long, no matter how subtly he flirts. The couple was most recently spotted celebrating together at the 2015 Emmys at Fox's post-award show bash and posing for photos along the red carpet—Baccarin dressed in a sizzling crimson gown with sheer lace detailing designed by Reem Acra. While they weren't seen being overtly affectionate, they were mingling together and chatting, keeping a low-key profile on their fresh romance. Since their time as a twosome off-screen may be off-limits to many of us, we can get a front row seat to their romantic chemistry on-screen during the second season of Gotham. Trust us—our eyes will be glued to our television screens. 
/n