'Sober As A Judge & Happy'’ 'Munsters' Star Butch Patrick To Wed At 62/n
Cancer survivor and The Munsters star Butch Patrick is finally tying the knot, RadarOnline.com exclusively can reveal. In an exclusive interview, the 62-year-old revealed all the exciting details.
“I’m cancer-free, sober as a judge and happy!,” he said. “I’m feeling my life has wonderfully turned around the last five years.”
The bride-to-be is Leila Murray — a single mom and marketing professional.
They first met several years ago, started dating in March, and plan to wed in August in Patrick’s adopted hometown of Macon, Mo., where he lives in his grandma’s old home.
PHOTOS: Halloween Head Turner! Eddie Munster Is All Grown Up
“I got sober and re-established myself as a professional, responsible person and reconnected with my family,” Patrick explained. “I travel the world. I’m a homeowner and the proud owner of a replica of the ‘Munster Koach!’
“The one thing that was missing was a life partner, and now I found her!” he told Radar.
Butch — who played werewolf boy Eddie Munster — went through a rough few years, including a rehab stint in 2010 and a battle against prostate cancer in 2011.
He met Murray, 47, a few years ago at an event sponsored by George Barris, who designed the iconic Batmobile.
PHOTOS: Celebs Who Have Battled Drinking Problems
The couple reconnected in November when Murray stopped by a car show in her hometown of Orlando, Fla., where Patrick was appearing.
A few months later, she surprised him again at a car show in Lakeland, Fla.
“She came to my table and told her daughter, ‘Here, go buy something,’ and we spoke for about 15 minutes,” the former child star said.
“Then she walked away, and I thought, ‘Gee, I really like her.’ So, I texted and asked, ‘Are you still on the property?’”
“She said, ‘Yes,’ and came flying back. I grabbed her hand and said, ‘I don’t see a ring. You’re unattached. Let’s move forward on this.’”
“She was hoping I’d text, and I was hoping that she was still there. Thank goodness for both of us that it worked out!” /n