Ashton Kutcher Talks About Fatherhood for the First Time, Reveals How Wyatt Isabelle Got Her Name/n
The actor also explained how he and his fiancée chose their daughter's name."We had another name. We had it picked out and we're like, 'All right this is the name.' Then we got pregnant a week—a couple weeks after we picked the name. But then when we were pregnant, the name just didn't fit the energy that we were feeling," said Kutcher, who apparently didn't watch his bride-to-be's scripted Jimmy Kimmel Live! rant about how men should stop saying "we" are pregnant. "We were calling it the baby, but never by the name that we had given it," he said. "One night Mila was just like, 'This is not the name!' I'm like, 'OK! It's not the name.' I had to get the creative juices going."

"We were going to a Lakers game and I've got name Tourette's. I just started listing off anything and everything that I saw. I was like, 'Sign! Truck! Wall! Door!' She's like, 'Shut up!' I'm like, 'If you don't accept my bad ideas, you'll never accept the good ones.' Then I was like, 'All right I've got a really dumb idea. What about Wyatt?' She goes, 'That's it.' I was like, 'Really? I did it?' She was like, 'Yeah, that's it.'""We gave her the middle name Isabelle after Mila's grandfather...so it has a little heritage," he added.Kutcher has always been social media savvy, and as such, he's taking every caution to protect his daughter. "We immediately went home and we reserved all the domain names. We got the Twitter handle, the Instagram—everything that you could possibly [have]," the first-time father explained. "I don't want a porn site with my daughter's name! It's unacceptable to me and it's not gonna happen!"During the episode, O'Brien also mentioned that Charlie Sheen has said he wants to return for the final season of CBS' Two and a Half Men. "You know, I kind of...I just kind of stopped listening to things that Charlie Sheen says," Kutcher said of the fired cast member he replaced. "Charlie Sheen has become like a parent on Charlie Brown to me. It's more like, 'Wah wah wah.' I just keep saying, 'Thank you for the great job. I've got an awesome job and it's thanks to you not having it anymore, so thank you. But 'wah wah wah.' I'm just gonna keep going to work and collecting the check, so whatever." If series creator Chuck Lorre did bring Sheen back, Kutcher said, "I don't even care. I think he's a really 'wah wah wah.'""It's not a thing for me," he added.
/n