Kylie Jenner’s New House Has a ‘Boys’ Room’ Filled with Playboy Magazines/n





                    14 Things You Learn When You're Taking a Tour of Kylie Jenner's House
                







Step inside Kylie Jenner's world.

 MORE >>





It’s no secret that Kylie Jenner likes to live large. After dropping a combined total of $22.5 million on three — yes, three — mansions this year, the 19-year-old is opening up the doors to her luxury home. As expected, her place is simply ridiculous.

In a serious of photos shared on her Snapchat, Jenner gives a house tour of the $6 million home she purchased this May. Showing off her home decor, Jenner reveals that her beloved greyhounds, Bambi and Norman, have their own room — complete with a fireplace and statues of their likeliness, natch.



A photo posted by Kylie Jenner Snapchats (@kylizzlesnapchats) on Nov 7, 2016 at 1:41pm PST






A photo posted by Kylie Jenner Snapchats (@kylizzlesnapchats) on Nov 7, 2016 at 1:42pm PST



The makeup maven also boasts that her living room is decorated with beautifully-bound reads about fashion, including Louis Vuitton / Marc Jacobs, Vogue: The Editor’s Eye, Chanel: The Vocabulary of Style, and Naomi Campbell’s box set of books, which was priced at a whopping $1,750 when it was first released.
Jenner also keeps copies of various magazines which her family members have covered.



A photo posted by Kylie Jenner Snapchats (@kylizzlesnapchats) on Nov 7, 2016 at 1:41pm PST






A photo posted by Kylie Jenner Snapchats (@kylizzlesnapchats) on Nov 7, 2016 at 1:38pm PST



As for artwork, Jenner has decorated her abode with custom prints. Aside from the ones of her lips and eyes, the reality star also owns a black-and-white portrait of her mother, Kris Jenner, wrapped in a fur coat and a close-up of Angelina Jolie.
She adds that she recently acquired a print of half a heart. (Maybe boyfriend Tyga has the other half in his own home?)



A photo posted by Kylie Jenner Snapchats (@kylizzlesnapchats) on Nov 7, 2016 at 1:42pm PST






A photo posted by Kylie Jenner Snapchats (@kylizzlesnapchats) on Nov 7, 2016 at 1:42pm PST



However, the most absurd thing in Jenner’s home is none other than what she dubs “the boys’ room.” Though she remains coy about exactly what goes on in there, the collection of Playboy magazines she keeps stocked on its coffee table suggests that the place is definitely a man cave.
In a photo she snapped of the place, an array of vintage lad mags are seen next to a glass ashtray. Clearly, Jenner has thought of everything for her houseguests.



A photo posted by Kylie Jenner Snapchats (@kylizzlesnapchats) on Nov 7, 2016 at 1:38pm PST



/n