Bill Cosby Issued with Arrest Warrant for Sexual Assault, Posts Percentage of $1 Million Bail, VIDEO/n





                    Bill Cosby Files Defamation Countersuit Against Beverly Johnson
                







Bill Cosby is suing another woman

 MORE >>





Bill Cosby has been issued with an arrest warrant for drugging and sexually assaulting a former Temple University employee.

 Update — Dec. 30, 3:04 p.m. ET
Cosby arrived to a Montgomery County courthouse, stumbling on the curb upon his entrance, to be arraigned on charges of aggravated indecent assault. Video from NBC shows that he had to be helped out of his car.





He pleaded not guilty and his bail was set at $1 million after he had posted ten percent of the sum in cash earlier in the day. FOX News also reports that he was forced to surrender his passport.
A preliminary hearing was set for Jan. 14. If convicted, Cosby could face up to 10 years behind bars.

 
The charge for criminal sexual assault comes from Andrea Constand, who claims that Cosby drugged and assaulted her at his Elkins Park, Pennsylvania mansion in January 2004 while she was working for an operations manager for the women’s basketball team at Temple.
People reports that Constand’s attorney stands behind her client all the way. “Obviously we appreciate the expression of confidence in her,” says attorney Dolores Troiani. “We’ll have to see what happens. We hope justice will be done. We will cooperate fully.”
Cosby has previously stated that his relationship with Constand was consensual despite Constand’s allegations that she was in a relationship with a woman at the time. She calls Cosby a “narcissist” who did not comprehend that she was gay in the new court filings from last summer.
Montgomery County authorities investigated the case back in 2004 only to reject it, citing a lack of evidence. Constand sued Cosby in 2005 and settled a year later, reopening the case amid the flood of 50 women coming forth with similar accusations.
TMZ reports that her attorneys had until January to file the case under Pennsylvania’s 12-year statute of limitations for felony sex crimes. Read more on the background behind Constand’s story over on People.com.
/n