The Juice Is Loose! O.J. Incontinent, Doing Hard Time In Adult Diapers/n
In a bombshell world exclusive, RadarOnline.com can reveal humiliated jailbird O.J. Simpson has lost control of his bodily functions and must wear adult diapers!
Fellow inmates have nicknamed him “Stinky,” and refuse to share a cell with the foul-smelling wife killer, according to shocking letters from The Juice’s prison buddy.
“O.J. is incontinent — he s—- on himself,” the disgraced running back’s prison pal, Vernon Nelson, wrote to Radar.
“I’ve been with him on several occasions where he had these incidents!”
PHOTOS: Secret Murders, Frozen Bodies & More! Hollywood’s 15 Most Bizarre Conspiracy Theories EXPOSED
Nelson, 37, became pals with Simpson at Nevada’s Lovelock Correctional Center, where the fallen football hero is serving 33 years for a bungled robbery.
His explosive prison letters reveal guards don’t hesitate to put Simpson in his place — and the degrading treatment has turned the 69-year-old former athlete into a quivering mess.
According to Nelson, Simpson tried to play the fame card in a bid to cut in front of other prisoners during a visit to the prison chapel, but his arrogance blew up in his face.
“A guard yelled at him angrily on the bullhorn and told him, ‘Mr. Simpson get your ass back on the other side of the gate with the other inmates, your [sic] not getting any special treatment from me!!!’ ” Nelson wrote.
PHOTOS: Cyber Crime! 10 Gruesome Murders With Killers All Linked Through The Internet
“O.J. walked back to the other side of the gate, stood next to me, dropped his head and started sobbing uncontrollably!”
“He tried to hide his tears behind his sunglasses, but a few people still noticed as he wiped them away.”
The defecation dilemma is the latest in a string of medical woes for Simpson, who was acquitted in the 1994 double murder of ex-wife Nicole Brown Simpson and her friend Ron Goldman.
The caged, 6-foot-1 scumbag has suffered a severe mental decline behind bars, and a source close to Simpson thinks the brute has been stricken with brain-ravaging Alzheimer’s disease.
PHOTOS: Murder, Drugs, Hookers & More! The Olympics’ Most Shocking Secrets EXPOSED
The creep even had secret medical tests for a cancerous brain tumor two years ago.
“O.J. says his memory is slipping, and he gets painful headaches,” a prison source revealed. “He has blurry vision, stutters sometimes, and has trouble hearing what people are saying to him.
“At times he feels confused and has unusual bursts of anger and fits of depression.”
Insiders also said Simpson suffers from chronic traumatic encephalopathy, a brain disease triggered by repeated head injuries during his NFL career.
PHOTOS: Oscar Pistorius Sentenced To 6 Years In Prison For Murdering Model Girlfriend
The prison source said Simpson is now a shadow of his former cocky self: “He’s living the life he deserves.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n