Ed Sheeran Is Mariah Carey's Knight In Shining Armor As He DEFENDS Her Horrible NYE Performance!/n

Ed Sheeran proved just how chivalrous he truly is on Thursday when he stopped by KTU's Cubby and Carolina In The Morning.
Because believe it or not… the soulful singer actually DEFENDED Mariah Carey's disastrous New Year's Eve performance!!
Maybe Princess Beatrice should've knighted him instead of James Blunt!
Related: Mimi Sues Company Because They Won't Pay For Canceled Concerts!
(Not to mention, he wouldn't have gotten that massive scar on his face if the roles were reversed! Buuuuuuut we digress.)
Anyway, the English crooner told Carolina Bermudez and Cubby Bryant that he feels Mimi's pain when it comes to technical difficulties on-stage.
The songsmith stressed that in-ear malfunctions are no small struggle, saying: 

"I feel like that could happen to anyone. That's happened to me before when the in-ears just didn't work. She's in the middle of Times Square with no monitors. It's really difficult. You can't sing in time for that. I've been at the center of an arena once and my in-ears just shut off, and the exact same thing happened to me. I know people are watching that and poking fun at her, but that's a really, really horrible situation to be in. You're just there, powerless."
He also described what it sounds like when a performer's earpieces shut off, explaining:

"You can hear the track, but the track happens, it's like a two-second delay. But if you tried to sing, it would sound dreadful. So she's stuck in the middle of that, being like 'I can't, if I sing it's going to sound dreadful, and there's no monitors in front of me.'"
In fact, the ginger guitarist said he wasn't laughing at the diva's cringeworthy set, adding:

"I didn't watch that and find that funny. I watched that and thought, 'Oh my god. That could've happen to me. That could've happened to anyone.' Obviously, the public doesn't know that. They're just like 'Oh, something didn't work.' I watched that like, 'What would I do in that situation?'"
Ed continued to sympathize with Mariah's technical troubles as well as the backlash she's currently facing, concluding:

"I'd hate for people to not think that I was musical because the sound wasn't working properly."
We have to admit: Those are some fair points.
But it's still the best thing we've ever seen, so whatever…
Ch-ch-check out Ed Sheeran's full interview with Cubby and Carolina (below)!!!

[Image via Ivan Nikolov/Rene Raussignaud/WENN.]
/n