 California Jogger Mom's Husband 'Got Nauseated Just Looking At Her' After Being Found.../n
Barely one week after Sherri Papini, 34, was found “heavily battered” on the side of Interstate 4 in Yolo County, her husband Keith is revealing chilling details about her disappearance and what happened when he saw her for the first time at the hospital.
Keith sat down with Matt Gutman on ABC’s 20/20 to unveil some never-before-heard details about his wife’s mysterious abduction that took place on Nov. 2.
Keith claimed a police office “braced” him before seeing her. “She’s alive. You’ve just got to be happy,” Keith recalled the official telling him before walking into her hospital room.
“Her poor face,” Keith said. “I just hugged her… I got nauseated just looking at her. It was so hard for me to see her like that.”
PHOTOS: DUIs, Attempted Murder & More! Housewife Kids’ Shocking Arrests Exposed
He went on to say Sherri suffered “intense” bruises and “bumps from getting kicked and whatever else,” adding that her nose was “so dark and yellow.” The alleged kidnappers also cut her long blonde hair and branded her, which Keith refused to say where other than it wasn’t her face.
“She screamed so much,” Keith said. “She said she was coughing up blood from the screaming, trying to get somebody to stop.”
As RadarOnline.com reported, Sherri was out jogging in Redding, Calif., when she was snatched by whom she described to police as two Hispanic women. Even though she couldn’t see their faces under the masks, she recalled one had long curly hair and the other suspect’s hair was straight black with some green color.
PHOTOS: 30 Cold Blooded Murderers Who Were Women
Despite Sherri being freed 22 days after being captured, Keith admitted on Friday night that she has a long way to go with her recovery. “When lights are off, when doors shut, when she hears certain sounds, I mean it’s something that I don’t know how to deal with, and we’ll need somebody who can help her through that from a professional standpoint,” he said.
Keith and Sherri — along with their two children, Tyler, 4, and Violet, 2 — have since left their home in Redding, Calif., to go live somewhere else.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n