'I Have To Have One More!' Kim Takes Extreme Pregnancy Measures After Paris Heist/n
Kim Kardashian tried to move on from her Paris heist on this week’s Keeping Up With the Kardashians, but now she has a new obstacle to overcome!
“Is North not the cutest?” she said while playing with North West and Kourtney. “I feel like I have to have one more girl just like her.”
RadarOnline.com previously reported that Kim, 36, underwent a surgery on her uterus to see if she could carry her own baby again, despite her family’s backlash. However, the complications she faced afterwards were much harsher than her family’s judgment.
PHOTOS: ‘Kanye Lost It!’ West Fires Bodyguard For Talking To Wife Kim Kardashian
The mom-of-two had to have a catheter put in place to help her urinate, and followed up with a urologist after she was “past [her] point of discomfort.”
“Nothing comes easy to me!” she cried while battling bladder problems.
Luckily, Jonathan Cheban came to her rescue (Kanye West was noticeably missing) and stayed with her during her appointment.
PHOTOS: Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Arrive In NYC Looking MISERABLE Ahead Of Met Gala
Cheban was also with her when she revealed the doctor’s prognosis that she “should not carry another baby.”
“I had a full breakdown,” she told Cheban of hearing the news. “I just, like, give up.”
Kim later revealed to her sisters that she and West, 39, are looking into surrogacy to continue their family, as she felt a strong need to expand their brood.
PHOTOS: ‘Creepers!’ Rob & Blac Are Following Kim Kardashian, Friend Claims
“Kanye and I have always talked about having more kids, but after what I went through in Paris, the urgency is even greater,” she said in a confessional. “Being a stay at home mom has been so refreshing and I’d love nothing more than to expand my family.”
Meanwhile, Khloe Kardashian struggled to deal with the pressures of launching Good American with her business partner Emma. She was worried that she couldn’t hit her 150,000 units mark — even though her younger sister, Kylie Jenner, can hit that in “three minutes.”
“I have always been known as the fat sister and now that I’m over that I don’t want to be known as, like, the failing sister,” the 32-year-old proclaimed in a confessional.
PHOTOS: ‘Kanye Lost It!’ West Fires Bodyguard For Talking To Wife Kim Kardashian
Later on, momager Kris Jenner put her fears to rest when she proclaimed that she had the second largest launch at Nordstrom’s to date.
And of course, Rob Kardashian decided to prepare for Dream’s arrival by learning how to cook Armenian food with Khloe. He decided to get in touch with his roots instead of getting in touch with the personal trainer he asked his mom to call for him — leading him to explain to Blac Chyna where Armenia is.
Keeping Up With the Kardashians airs Sundays at 9/8c on E!.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n