Insane New Russian Reality Show Allows 'Fighting, Murder, Rape, Anything' — Get The Scary Deets!/n

We're always wondering how far reality shows would push things, but this is ridiculous!
A new Russian survival reality show titled Game2: Winter is looking to become the most EXTREME show ever as they'll allow just about ANYTHING — and won't take ANY responsibility for it!
Related: Nicole Scherzinger Almost Turned Down ABC's Dirty Dancing Remake!
The Hunger Games-style show, set to start in July, will drop 30 contestants (15 men and 15 women) into the Siberian wild for nine months to see if they can survive extreme conditions like -40 degrees Fahrenheit — all for a prize of over $1.6 million!
The participants will be given knives at the beginning of the show, and while the rules don't necessarily encourage violence — they make it all too clear how acceptable it is!
The rules state: 

"Everything is allowed. Fighting, alcohol, murder, rape, smoking, anything."
Rape and murder are allowed? Why would you tell people that??
How can this possibly be condoned by any government??
Related: Emile Hirsch FINALLY Opens Up About That Sundance Assault Almost Two Years Later!
The show's creator, 35-year-old millionaire Yevgeny Pyatkovsky, says he won't take any responsibility for the actions on the show:

"We will refuse any claim of participants even if they were to be killed or raped. We will have nothing to do with this. This will be spelt out in a document to be signed by the participant before the start of the show."
Who the hell is going to sign a deal like that?!
The only piece of good news is Russian criminal laws WILL still apply if there's proof the participants have been involved in a crime and "police will come and take you away."
Of course, the contestants must be 18, but what's INSANE is they're all expected to pay about $164k in order to participate. HA!
Related: Walmart & Amazon Remove Offensive Coffee Mug Mocking People With Down Syndrome!
How will any of this even be captured? Each contestant will watched online 24/7 using over 2,000 cameras throughout the 2,225 acre land being used for the show. Pyatkovsky explained:

"There will be no film crew – the whole area will be dotted with cameras and each participant will be carrying a portable camera with seven-hour life rechargeable battery."
At least no film crew will be raped and murdered…
To help with survival tactics, all the participants will also receive training from Russia's former GRU Spetznaz operatives.
Yevgeny went on to talk about the safety precautions in place for the show, saying:

"You should also keep in mind that this will be a real forest, with dangerous wildlife and harmful insects. Of course, there will be some safety precautions in place, but it would still take about half an hour to reach the area where the show will take place by helicopter."
As for who might take part in this WILD show, producers have said "professional rescuers, people without special training, professional travellers, entrepreneurs, photographers, jewellers, and psychologists" have all expressed interest.
Related: Woman Attacked At Grocery Store For Using Too Many Coupons!
For those who are brave enough to sign up, each contestant will have a panic button that's linked to a satellite they can use to be evacuated from the area and leave the show.
Mr Pyatkovsky revealed:

"There will be no doctors with the participants. If someone gets sick, wounded and realise that he/she can not pass the test, the helicopter will take him/her away to the doctors. Then the participant will quit the game forever."
We still can't imagine who would consider doing this show — and certainly won't be tuning in!
What are your thoughts on the brutal new reality show?
/n