Steve Harvey Announces Daughter's Engagement Amid His Career Crises/n
Steve Harvey is taking a break from dealing with damage control in order to celebrate his daughter’s engagement. On the heels of several scandals he’s currently facing, the comedian took to Twitter to send Lori well wishes on behalf of him and his wife.
“Marjorie and I are proud to announce the engagement of our youngest daughter Lori to Memphis Depay, this young man is a good one! Congrats!” the disgraced TV host beamed on his social media page.
PHOTOS: ‘Big Rich Texas’ Alum Leslie Birkland Gets Engaged With HUGE Rock
But as Lori gears up to get married, her famous father is facing several personal crisis’, with his most recent being last week when he insulted the victims of the Flint, Michigan water crisis, which has left 12 people dead. As readers know, the comedian took a call on his Steve Harvey Morning Show last Wednesday from a male resident of Flint, who told him that Cleveland didn’t “deserve jack” following the Cavaliers’ NBA finals loss to the Golden State Warriors. Harvey, who used to live in Cleveland, took offense to the caller’s comment and immediately began to criticize his hometown. An audio was released by a listener who recorded the heated exchange, in which Harvey is heard saying: “You from Flint? That’s why y’all ain’t even got clean water. When was the last time you touched water and it didn’t have lead in it?”
As RadarOnline.com has previously reported, Harvey has found himself in hot water many times before and has long been known for explosive outbursts.
PHOTOS: A Fair Wedding! David Tutera Engaged To Partner Joey Toth
In January, he was caught on tape making racist comments about Asian men. A former employee threatened to release tapes of the TV star making explosive racist comments, but a judge slapped the worker with a gag order in February.
And back in May, Harvey received another bout of bad press after it was revealed that he’d sent an email to his talk show staff telling them never to approach him unless he speaks to them first.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n