Rob Kardashian's Family Is Reportedly PISSED About His Public Feud With Blac Chyna As The Legal Side Of This Battle Heats Up!/n

Rob Kardashian is in all kinds of trouble, especially with his famous family.
As you surely know, the KUWTK celeb is currently embroiled in a pretty public feud with the mother of his child, Blac Chyna. Not only did he accuse the video vixen of cheating and using drugs, but he also took to social media to share nude pics of the 29-year-old. Yikes.
Photos: Chyna Vs. Rob — Their Most Turbulent Moments!
Unsurprisingly, it's said the KarJenners are VVV embarrassed by the sock mogul's behavior and think this online war is damaging to Kardashian's daughter, Dream. Fair point.
According to TMZ, Rob's fam have been telling friends that this feuding is unacceptable and is hurting the family name. Pretty much they're mortified Rob allowed this relationship drama to become a public spectacle. We're sure momager Kris Jenner is in full blown crisis mode right now.
Nonetheless, at the end of the day, the Kardashian-Jenner clan are mainly pissed with the 30-year-old for saying Chyna had baby Dream "out of spite" as she was trying to get back at Tyga for leaving her for Kylie Jenner. Now, even if that is true, the family thinks Rob's baby girl could discover this info later in life and be negatively affected by it.
In fact, the KarJenners are so worried about Dream's well being that they don't think the tiny tot should be living in homes where her parents are at war with one another. Preach.
Thankfully, Kris and Ko. are remaining loyal to Rob during this chaotic time — which is a good thing since his baby momma's lawyer is "exploring all legal remedies" amid this feud. Specifically, Walter Mosley noted in a statement to People on Wednesday:
"I am exploring all legal remedies and protections available to my client at this time in attempts to best advise her on how she may want to proceed."
Oh snap! As we previously reported, R.K.'s extremely graphic and expletive-ridden social media posts could be revenge porn and could result in jail time if convicted.
Regardless, we doubt this is the last we'll hear about this drama. *Sigh*
[Image via WENN.]
/n