John Heard's Ex-Wife Believes He Died From An Accidental Overdose/n
John Heard‘s third wife Lana Pritchard believes the popular actor died from an accidental overdose.
In an exclusive interview with RadarOnline.com she reveals how she was left ‘heartbroken’ by the news after finding out about it from his second wife Sharon Heard.
The 72-year-old Home Alone star was found dead by a maid inside a Palo Alto hotel on Friday after having back surgery at Stanford Medical Center a few days before.
PHOTOS: John Heard Death Continues Curse Of The ‘Home Alone’ Cast
Lana – who was married to John for seven months in 2010 – told RadarOnline.com: “I cannot believe John is dead. His second wife Sharon phoned me with the news and then I saw it all over social media.
“I firmly believe that he died from an accidental overdose from the pain medication after the surgery.
“He was in so much pain from sciatica that he had problems walking and it really was getting him down.
PHOTOS: Hollywood’s Addiction: 24 Stars Who Died From An Overdose
“I spoke with him on Tuesday before the surgery and he was in positive spirits but he did not want anyone to help him – I feel so bad because I think I could have done more.
“He was a kind guy and we have known each other for many years, I’m worried that he lay in the hotel room dead for a few days, that is very sad.”
Heard and Pritchard had been friends for over seven years before they decided to get married. But the union was short lived when she met another man and the pair decided to move on with their lives separately.
PHOTOS: Drug Overdose, Cross Dressing & More! Inside Lisa Marie Presley’s NASTY Divorce
Pritchard and her new boyfriend actually helped Heard get set-up in a new apartment recently and he was grateful for their help.
In recent years his back pain had gotten worse and he was paranoid that he would get addicted to the painkillers given to him by his doctor.
Pritchard added: “John told his doctor that the medication changed his moods so he was placed on a low dosage but I know he was in a lot of pain.
PHOTOS: Suicide Shocker! Prince’s AIDS Bombshell Led To Fatal Overdose
“He had struggled to come to terms with the death of his son Max from an overdose and he hated being riddled with pain as he wanted to be active.
“John was hoping to visit his son, Jack, by actress Melissa Leo in Europe in August, the pair were very close, but sadly that cannot happen now.
“I am going to miss John he always took time for his fans and he was at heart a good person and a really talented actor too, he was liked by a lot of people.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n