 Denise Richards Refuses Extra Child Support From Charlie Sheen As She Cares For His Twins.../n
Charlie Sheen and Denise Richards have one of the friendliest divorces in Hollywood, and the Anger Management star has now offered to increase child support payments to his second wife while she cares for his kids by wife number three, Brooke Mueller, RadarOnline.com is exclusively reporting.
And Denise said, “thanks but no thanks!”
Denise receives $55,000 a month in support for her daughters by Sheen, Lola and Sam.  He pays Brooke the same amount for her twin boys, Bob and Max.
PHOTOS: Denise Richards & Brooke Mueller Shop Together With Their Kids
With Brooke in rehab for the 20th time — currently at the Betty Ford Center — Denise has been given temporary guardianship of Bob and Max, with Charlie’s blessing.
“Charlie is extremely generous, and wanted to make sure having the twins in Denise’s care didn’t place a financial strain on her. Denise was thankful for the offer, but declined because she has the financial means to take care of them herself. She isn’t doing this for the money,” a source close to the situation tells RadarOnline.com exclusively.
“There have been many times over the last year that Charlie has said the best thing he ever did was marrying and having children with Denise, but the worst thing was ever letting her go. Denise is the one person in his life that he truly trusts,” the source says.
PHOTOS: Stars Who OD’d
Richards father, Irv has “also been helping out more now that the twins are in the house. Denise wants to have as many males around Bob and Max because they are at such an impressionable age. She only has one part-time nanny,” the source reveals.
“Denise really is a hands on mom, and has help from her dad, and sister. Five kids under the age of nine in one house is chaos at times, but Denise manages. All of the kids are thriving and love each other,” says the source.
And Sheen has been spending more time with Bob and Max in the last week because he lives only a few doors from Denise.
“Charlie has grown a lot in the past few years, and he respects Denise.” /n