Nicole Curtis' Ex Slams 'Rehab Addict' In Custody War: She 'Abused' Privileges!/n
Nicole Curtis’ baby daddy says she’s still breaking the rules in their custody battle, RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal!
Shane Maguire filed explosive court documents in an Oakland County, Michigan family court, and claimed that the Rehab Addict star manipulated a previous ruling to better suit her needs and throw his to the wayside! Radar previously reported that Harper, 2, is shuffled between Michigan where Curtis lives and Minnesota where Maguire lives.
He referenced a previous court order that stated: “’In the event that mother is working out of her home state on a weekend that coincides with father’s parenting time, then father may exercise his parenting time on location.’ The only exception to the Minnesota-Michigan rotation is ‘in the event’ that [Curtis] is required to work outside Michigan during one of [Maguire]’s scheduled Michigan weekends….’in the event’ means something out of the ordinary course.”
Maguire claimed that Curtis “has the ability to control her schedule and manage her travel” and “can work when and where she wants,” so she should plan to work around their custody arrangement. He said that her understanding of their agreement is “erroneous.”
READ THE SHOCKING COURT DOCS!
Maguire also referred to a previous incident, where Curtis “scrambled at the last minute to catch a later flight to Minneapolis” to comply with the court order after Maguire refused to go to her and Harper’s location. He also said that information she provided to the court about a situation where she held Harper in her home was “blatantly false.”
“[Maguire] did not request to stay at [Curtis’] house on April 25th and in fact, had other plans for the evening; however, [Curtis] would not let the child leave,” he reminded the court.
Radar reported at the time that Maguire planned to take Harper to his hotel’s pool to swim with his toys, but Curtis claimed it was too late for him to leave her home.
Finally, he told the court that he was “willing to accommodate [her] work schedule for an occasional, unavoidable, work-related change of plans; however, [she] has abused the flexibility” and asked the court to order her to bring Harper to Minneosta when it is his parenting time.
PHOTOS: Madonna & Son Rocco Seen Together For The First Time Since Custody Battle Drama
The HGTV star responded in her own court docs, saying that she flies Harper to Minnesota to spend time with Maguire at her own expense, and she pays “substantially more than $750 per month” for Maguire’s travel and accommodations to her.
She also claimed that her “schedule is largely beyond her control, as it is formulated by her agent as opportunities become available,” and she has lost out on “significant income opportunities” because of her responsibility to fly Harper to Minnesota. She even referenced an occasion where Maguire chose to spend time with her and Harper in Atlanta, instead of having alone time with the tot.
Curtis said that their agreement “does not present any hardship for [Magure] since he does not have a fixed job, his home is listed for sale, he has indicated that he is relocating, and he does not have any other minor children” and asked the court to amend the order to reflect her needs.
PHOTOS: Something To Prove? Rosie O’Donnell Goes On Instagram Spree With Adopted Daughter As Custody Battle Rages On
Maguire, 52, and Curtis, 40 have been fighting for custody of Harper since his 2015 birth.
Their war has been extremely tumultuous, as Curtis claimed that they vacationed together while Maguire claimed that she needed a psychological evaluation. His request was later denied.
Stay with Radar for more.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n