Abby Lee Miller Replaced By 'DWTS' Pro Cheryl Burke On 'Dance Moms'/n
Everyone’s replaceable – and that includes Abby Lee Miller! Former Dancing With the Stars pro Cheryl Burke will be taking over for Miller only days after she quit the Lifetime series.
“It’s a go with or without Abby,” a source told ET. “It’s been up in the air because the network said it’s either all of the cast or they weren’t doing any [more episodes.]”
Season 7B of Dance Moms will resume filming on March 29 with Burke. The series has been picked up for four more episodes.
“[Abby] bolted from [filming] three or four episodes recently,” another insider told the website, as celebrity choreographer Laurieann Gibson temporarily took over the junior elite competition team.
PHOTOS: Dangerous Driver! ‘Dance Moms’ Star Kira Girard Busted For Unsafe Traffic Violations
When Miller returned, she reportedly had a list of demands that included nobody mentioning her fraud case and the removal of Gibson on set.
“[Miller was] spiraling and making decisions that most people would think are not smart,” an insider claimed.
Miller announced her exit from the show after seven seasons late Sunday night.
“I will no longer take part in Dance Moms,” Miller captioned a photo of her winning team. “For the past six years/seven seasons I have asked, begged and even demanded creative credit for all the ideas, award winning routines, themes and costuming – To no avail!”
PHOTOS: Prosecutor Rips Into ‘Dance Moms’ Star Abby Lee Miller During First Hearing
She added, “I don’t have a problem working with any kid, I love children and have dedicated my life to making other people’s children successful. I just have a problem with being manipulated, disrespected and used day in and day out by men who never took a dance lesson in their lives and treat women like dirt!”
Cast members Ashlee Allen and Brynn Rumfallo announced their departure from the show days later.
Allen sided with Miller when junior elite competition team members Nia Sioux, Kendall Vertes, Kalani Hilliker and Cameron Bridges left the studio to compete at 8 Count Dance Academy with former ALDC member Chloe Lukasiak at nationals.
PHOTOS: Bankruptcies, Fraud & Unpaid Bills! ‘Dance Moms’ Biggest Financial Scandals Revealed
Rumfallo revealed over Instagram that she won first place at the competition with remaining ALDC members Lilliana Ketchman, Elliana Walmsley and Maesi Caes.
The drama comes only weeks before Miller is expected to learn her fate.
Miller pled guilty to not reporting an international monetary transaction and one count of concealing bankruptcy assets in June 2016.
She faces up to 30 months in prison.
Do you think Burke will be a good replacement? Tell us in the comments.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n