 Insensitive Much? Bethenny Frankel Compares Her 'Real Housewives Of New York' Memories.../n
Bethenny Frankel got very candid about her doomed talk show run, admitting she won’t return to television unless it’s on her terms, RadarOnline.com has learned.
The former Real Housewives of New York star appeared at the Penn State Milton S. Hershey Medical Center’s Seasons of Health event, where she discussed everything from her lowly-rated self-titled gabfest to recent reports that she’s returning to Bravo.
“I failed as a talk show host,” Frankel told the crowd.
PHOTOS: Smiling Through Struggle: Despite Contentious Custody Battle, Bethenny Frankel Beaming With Daughter Bryn
The 43-year-old Big Apple beauty, who has previously admitted to feeling edited and diluted on the talk show, left her future on the boob tube ambiguous.
“I like to be free,” she said. “I don’t plan on what I’m going to say.”
Although the Skinnygirl mogul has made a name for herself and her brand, Frankel admitted that her ride to the top has been chic with roadblocks and bumps.
PHOTOS: The Ring Is Off! Bethenny Frankel’s Husband Jason Hoppy Removes His Wedding Band
“I have had so many disasters, so many failures, so many low points,” she told the audience, adding that “no amount of money can heal pain, suffering and loss.”
During her speech, Frankel reluctantly also shot down rumors that she’s retuning to Bravo’s RHONYC, calling memories of the experience akin to “flashbacks from Vietnam.”
The former reality star, who is entangled in a bitter divorce with her estranged husband Jason Hoppy, also admitted she doesn’t like being famous.
PHOTOS: Bethenny Frankel Sizzles In Miami! Rocks Red Bikini On Vacation
“I don’t know if I want to be famous anymore,” she confessed to the crowd. “But I will continue to pursue it.”
Frankel reluctantly admitted that her fame does pay off in awareness for her brand and business.
As Radar previously reported, Frankel has been talking with Andy Cohen about returning to Bravo with another show.
How Housewives Stars Go From Home To Hot – See The Photos
“They’ve been in deep negotiations and she is definitely ready to return to Bravo, even though she loved being on network TV with her other show.”
The source also said that Frankel is still turning her back on the show that made her famous.
“Bethenny probably won’t stoop to that level and go back on RHONYC; she thinks she’s beyond and above that,” the source added. /n