Tourist Streams Myrtle Beach Mass Shooting On Facebook Live/n
Seven people were injured in a horrifying mass shooting in North Carolina on Sunday night, RadarOnline.com has learned.
In the video taken by witness Bubba Hinson from the balcony at a nearby hotel, more than a dozen shots can be heard.
The footage, which he streamed on Facebook Live, has since been viewed more than 2.6 million times and shared more than 70,000.
PHOTOS: Konned By The Kardashians? ‘Not Well’ Lamar ‘Manipulated’ Into Shooting ‘KUWTK’
“Social media today puts this word out quickly,” Myrtle Beach Mayor John Rhodes said after the incident on Sunday.
However, the mayor added, “It does not look good for the city of Myrtle Beach.”
A fight broke out amongst a crowd of people walking near the coast, after which the suspect pulled out a gun and began firing. Several people were hit and taken to the hospital with non-life threatening injuries.
PHOTOS: Britney Spears Lets It ALL Hang Out While Shooting New Music Video
Police were called before the disturbing incident, which occurred around 12:00 am, because bystanders reported that a crowd had gathered and was blocking traffic.
Minutes later, a man wearing a white T-shirt pulled out a gun and started shooting.
Watch The Video On RadarOnline

“We’re gonna send a message to do everything that’s humanly possible to stop this violence in our city,” said Rhodes.
According to Lt Crosby, an armed security officer witnessed the attack and shot the suspect. The criminal kept shooting and later escaped the scene by carjacking a vehicle, police confirmed.
PHOTOS: 50 Dead After Orlando Nightclub Shooting — The Latest Developments
Police officers found the stolen vehicle and have identified and apprehended a suspect in the case. His identity is being withheld until he is cleared medically and warrants are served.
A patrol car was hit by the gunfire, but no officers were hurt.
The dreadful incident was the third shooting in the city within eight hours, as a gunshot victim was found at Coastal Grand Mall around 4:30pm Saturday followed by a report of shots fired at the Crown Reef Resort on Ocean Boulevard just 10 minutes later.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n