 Rihanna & Chris Brown's Girlfriend Embroiled In Public Feud & He’s Loving Every.../n
By Jen Heger – Radar Legal Editor
UPDATE: Karrueche is denying that she has posted anything antagonistic towards Rihanna, claiming that she does not have a Facebook page.
The ladies in Chris Brown‘s life, girlfriend, Karreuche Tran, and ex-girlfriend, Rihanna, are engaged in a very public feud as they both vie for the Grammy award singer’s attention, and he’s loving every minute of it, RadarOnline.com is exclusively reporting.
Maybe it’s a welcome distraction in Brown’s life right now, as RadarOnline.com previously reported he has been accused of stealing Christal Spann‘s iPhone after she snapped a picture of the singer sitting in the back of a Bentley. The matter is still under investigation.
PHOTOS: Take A Peek Inside Chris Brown’s Palatial New Home
Brown and Rihanna have been hooking up for months, despite him dating Karreuche. As RadarOnline.com previously reported, Brown and Karreuche have “an open relationship” and she has been turning a blind eye to him spending time with his ex.
“She never asks him about Rihanna, ever,” a source said. “Chris will take several days to call her back at times, and that is OK with Karreuche. She doesn’t pressure or hound Chris, it’s just not what she is about.”
EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: Chris Brown On The Basketball Court
However, trouble began when Rihanna tweeted a photo of a bag of rice cakes with gold earrings, and the caption, “Ima a make u my bitch,” which has been perceived as being a racial jab at Tran, who is Vietnamese.
In return, the wanna-be model fired off several missives on her Facebook page aimed directly at Rihanna. Saying in one: “Let me clear the air, if you have fenty at the end of ya name or your default Is Rihanna you have a better chance of winning the lottery than ending up on my friends list.”
PHOTOS: Chris Brown Chases A Flock Of Seagulls
And then, just to be sure Rihanna got the message, Tran wrote: “I’m Angeline [sic], you’re Jen. C’mon you see where Brad is at.” 
Meanwhile, Brown is loving every minute of having two gorgeous girls fight over him. “This is all very flattering to Chris. Name me a 21-year-old red blooded male that wouldn’t love having two women fighting over him,” a source close to the situation tells RadarOnline.com.
RELATED STORIES:
Law Enforcement Wants To Interview Chris Brown In Alleged Theft Investigation
Rihanna Supporting Chris Brown In Cell Phone Theft Allegation
Jay-Z ‘Deeply Disappointed’ That Rihanna Is Hooking Up With Chris Brown 
Chris Brown & CM Punk Take Gloves Off In Vicious Twitter War /n