 'Teen Mom 3' Nude Photo Scandal: The Hit MTV Franchise In Crisis As X-Rated Pix Of Newest.../n
Talk about a nude awakening!
Teen Mom 3 star Katie Yeager was introduced to America on Monday night, during the premiere of the latest season of MTV‘s hit franchise. But the 19-year-old from Rock Springs, Wyo., is hiding a raunchy little secret, RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned.
Yeager recently sent a series of X-Rated “selfie” photos to an ex-lover which have been offered for sale to this website.
The four breast-baring images — seen by Radar — show the reality star in a raft of compromising positions, including posing nude in front of a mirror and flaunting a tattoo on her hip bone, playing with a sex toy, pleasuring herself and lying nude on a bed. The photos leave little to imagination!
PHOTOS: Nearly Naked! The 40 Sexiest And Most Revealing Celebrity Selfies And Twitter Pics Of All Time
“The photos were sexted to me… she loved to send messages, all the time,” the supplier of the candid images told RadarOnline.com.
Yeager and ex-boyfriend Joey Maes are the parents of daughter Molli J. Maes, who turned two last week. Yeager was overage at the time the images were sent.
The scandal is a major blow to the massive marketing and production plans, especially considering Yeager had been a poster child for the program publicity push in the lead up to the premiere — even declaring she wanted to help bring the show back to its original purpose and away from the scandal of past seasons.
“When I started researching (Teen Mom), I saw, wow! It really is making a difference,” Yeager said in a recent interview.
PHOTOS: Babies Before Brides
“It’s controversial, but it’s definitely helping young girls to see the consequences of having unprotected sex and having sex too early. And I felt like I want to help.”
She added, “Why would I close myself off to an opportunity to help so many people just because of what people are going to say about me personally?
“There’s always going to be negative people out there, even if you’re not on a TV show. I’ve accepted that. There are people who don’t agree with my life, the way my life is, or just don’t like me for whatever reason. I have enough support on my end in the people that are around me and in my life. That’s the only thing that matters to me.”
This is not the first Teen Mom to expose herself: As RadarOnline.com first reported, Amber Portwood, the troubled star of the original season, posed for a series photos.
PHOTOS: Scandalous Selfies! 10 Celebs Who Have Posted Naked Photos Of Themselves
And headliner-grabber star Jenelle Evans posed for topless photos after getting breast implants in March, 2011.
The latest season of the MTV docu-series follows Yeager and costars Alexandria Sekella, Briana Dejeus and Mackenzie Douthit and their typical ups and downs of being a teen mother… including relationships, cheating, work and school. /n