Were Lorena and Franklin True Blood Soul Mates? Two of our fave characters died on True Blood this season, Mariana Klaveno (Lorena) and James Frain (Franklin), and we're having a hard time letting go of those troublemakers. Frain told o.../n
Two of our fave characters died on True Blood this season, Mariana Klaveno (Lorena) and James Frain (Franklin), and we're having a hard time letting go of those troublemakers.Frain told our pal Marc Malkin he so wants back on HBO's hit show, and Klaveno told us she feels the same way! So will Alan Ball possibly bring them back, maybe, together together?"We talked about how our crazy characters could be soul mates actually," laughed Mariana when we chatted with her recently:

"They just missed the boat and should have been together. James Frain was so hilarious, wasn't he? I kind of thought that we were two peas in a pod, our characters."Even though Lorena is dead and gone (thanks Sookie Stackhouse) she played coy when we asked if there was a way she could be brought back."You know, who knows. They keep things pretty tight lipped over there. There can always be a flashback or two here and there. I love the people who want to see more of Lorena. I loved playing her I would go back in a second."The rules kind of get thrown out the door with that show," added Mariana as she danced around a definitive yes or no. "We do love doing flashbacks, so...I don't have any information, but it may not be the last time you see Lorena."The babe was part of one of the most shocking scenes of the season (remember, the whole twist your head all the way around your neck while having angry vamp sex with Stephen Moyer scene). So the babe is clearly game for whatever!"It's kind of hard to wrap my head around—pardon the pun, I really didn't mean to do that!—you're always a little shocked when you read those scripts and think 'Oh my god, what are my parents going to think?' But at the end of the day I'd rather be in the water cooler scene than not."And for the record her fam was OK with it."You know, they were actually really good sports. I built it up as this horrific thing and then I got to see it with them—which was awkward—and they looked at me and shrugged their shoulders and said 'That was it?' And I though 'Whew!'"It pains us to type that the True Blood finale is this Sunday on HBO. Head over to Watch With Kristin for scoop on what to expect!
/n