 EXCLUSIVE VIDEO INTERVIEW: Doctor Told Corey Haim His Heart & Liver 'Couldn't Take.../n
Corey Haim was told by a doctor that he had to stop abusing drugs because his heart and liver simply couldn’t take much more, RadarOnline.com is reporting exclusively.
In an exclusive video interview, Susie Feldman revealed that Haim, life-long friend of her estranged husband Corey, had a pre-existing heart issue but still ignored doctor’s orders to get clean. He had an extensive history of prescription drug abuse.
“It was the basis of a lot of our problems,” Susie said of Haim’s inability to get off drugs. “I know it was still up and down. There were times when he was normal and then there were times when he was a mess.
PHOTOS: Corey Haim Through The Years
“We’d run into him at an event and he’d have clear eyes and good looking skin, and then there were times when it was questionable.”
Haim died March 10. And while the cause of death has yet to be determined, Susie said that Corey’s mother told her he did not take any drugs during the final two days of his life, when he was suffering flu-like symptoms.
PHOTOS: Stars Who Died Young
The autopsy revealed that Haim had an enlarged heart, but Susie told RadarOnline.com that his friends knew about his medical condition for years.
“He had this thing where if you pressed on his chest, you could feel fluid… I guess it was blood… like squirting out, like his heart wasn’t working right,” she told RadarOnline.com. “Three years ago he went to a doctor to check out his heart. He was told ‘you’ve got to get yourself healthy, your heart and your liver can’t take much more.’”
“But when you’re an addict, you do whatever you can to get what you need.”
INTERVIEW: Haim’s Mom Reveals  He Was Helping Her In Cancer Battle
Susie thinks her friend’s body just gave out after years of abuse.
“He was making it worse and worse every year that he wasn’t sober completely,” she told RadarOnline.com. “Corey’s mom Judy told me that a major side effect of the anti-psychotics is an increased chance of a heart attack. If you’ve already got a weak heart, any drugs will do that to you.”
Susie continued, “One of the things Corey’s mom Judy and I used to talk about was why these doctors were giving him these drugs. But he was a charmer. He just had a way about him. He knew how to get what he wanted.
PHOTOS: Troubled Child Stars
“Corey was very happy on the outside but he was in a lot of pain.” Susie told RadarOnline.com. One comforting thing with his passing is that he’s no longer in that pain. So it’s nice to know he’s not going through that anymore.”
DETAILS: Haim Was Alive When Paramedics Arrived /n