Are Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie Calling Off Their Divorce?/n
It’s that time of the week again when the celebrity weeklies hit the newsstands. To separate what’s real and rumor, we turned to our friends at Gossip Cop for the 411 on this week’s most controversial stories.

Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt’s “divorce is off,” reveals Us Weekly. An insider tells the publication, “They are going to get back together,” and fans shouldn’t be surprised when they announce “they’re calling it off and trying to work things out.” For why the change and how close they are to officially reconciling, see what a Pitt insider confides to Gossip Cop.
Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet are finally real-life “lovers,” reports Star, which notes they had a “intimate rendezvous” last month in St. Tropez, France. The magazine reports DiCaprio has always had “strong feelings for Kate,” whose marriage is currently experiencing “friction.” For the shocking next steps DiCaprio and Winslet are taking, see what the actor’s friend leaks to Gossip Cop.
Rachel Lindsay is ready to have a baby with Bryan Abasolo, reveals Life & Style just days after The Bachelorette finale. The magazine notes they “want to have a baby sooner rather than later, and have already begun discussing names.” For whether they’ll even wait to get married to start a family, go to Gossip Cop.
Nicole Kidman may divorce Keith Urban after he was caught with a “sexy redhead” at a recent concert, reports Star. The publication says amid talk of “trouble” between Urban and Kidman, the singer appeared to have a “real connection” with this “mystery woman.” For how busted Urban is, and how close he and Kidman are to splitting, click over to Gossip Cop.
There’s talk, reveals In Touch, that Brad Pitt is “getting married” to a “beautiful artist” and Angelina Jolie is “furious.” The publication reports that while pursuing art as a hobby, Pitt fell “in love” with the “30-ish” artist. For how incredibly “serious” the two have become, see what a Pitt insider confirms to Gossip Cop.
/n