Is Angelina Jolie Moving to London?/n





                    WATCH: Angelina Jolie Discusses Divorce
                







For the first time...

 MORE >>





Angelina Jolie will begin teaching a course at the London School of Economics in September, so does that mean that she will be residing there, too?

People denounced rumors claiming that the filmmaker will be moving to London amid this critical transitional time for her and her family with Brad Pitt.
“The rumors are nonsense,” a source tells the magazine. “She isn’t moving to London.”
Instead, Jolie will continue to travel back and forth between the United States and the U.K. during her time as a visiting professor.
“America is her home, it’s where her family lives,” another source tells People. “She has been traveling around the world for her work for 16 years. Nothing has changed.”


Inside Angelina Jolie's Post-Brad Pitt Split Crash Pad








































51 Photos »


Jolie’s course at the London School of Economics at the school’s Centre for Women, Peace, and Security will be based on her experience fighting for women’s rights and against sexual violence in war zones.
A noted humanitarian, Jolie is a special envoy to the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees. She co-founded the Preventing Sexual Violence Initiative (PSVI) in 2012 and assisted in opening the Centre for Women, Peace, and Security at LSE in 2015.
Jolie gave her first lecture on Tuesday (Mar. 14, 2017). According to People, her talk focused on women’s rights as they relate to refugee camps, and “how displacement and statelessness makes women and girls vulnerable to sexual violence and other crimes.”
“Angelina Jolie spoke to a class of students taking the postgraduate course ‘Women, Peace and Security,’ as part of her role as visiting professor in practice in the Centre for Women, Peace and Security,” a spokesperson for LSE told People. “Miss Jolie spoke about her experience and what has motivated her work as UNHCR special envoy and as co-founder of the Preventing Sexual Violence Initiative, and took questions from the class.”
https://twitter.com/Lina_Serene/status/841607725448585216
/n