Jana Kramer's Estranged Husband Mike Caussin Reportedly In Rehab To Treat Sex Addiction After Cheating On The Singer With 'Multiple Women'/n

Ugh, we hate to hear this.
Turns out Jana Kramer certainly was hinting at infidelity in her broken marriage to Mike Caussin by singing along to Carrie Underwood's Before He Cheats — as we've just learned the former footballer strayed from his relationship "multiple times," even before the two were married.
And while we knew the 29-year-old entered some type of rehab following his public separation from the country singer, it turns out the athlete has been reportedly seeking treatment for a sex addiction.
A source close to Miz Kramer tells Us Weekly that Mike cheated on the DWTS contestant back in 2014 when they first got together, and most recently over the summer with a paid escort in Nashville:
"Mike cheated on her multiple times with multiple women. Jana finally woke up — she knew she couldn't do it anymore. They're definitely done."
Related: Adele Dedicates NYC Concert To Brangelina 
After the first indiscretion, Jana decided to give Mike another shot: 
"She really did love him. She ignored the warning signs because she cared about him."
But even as their wedding approached in 2015, the One Tree Hill alum had her doubts and reportedly tried to catch Mike cheating from a pal's number during his Bachelor party:
"She texted him, saying something along the lines of ‘Had fun last night.' She was trying to bait him to see if he had met anyone."
But alas, the 32-year-old didn't find any evidence and went ahead with the marriage:
"She told friends she really believed the cheating would never happen again."
As time went on, and the couple happily welcomed their baby girl Jolie Rae, Mike continued his philandering (despite reportedly being an attentive father).
People around town reportedly began approaching Jana with rumors about Mike's cheating, which led the Why Ya Wanna songstress to looking through his phone where she discovered messages from other women:
"Things were not any better. Nashville is a small town, so people would tell her things about his cheating … She saw some texts. Jana has had difficulty in relationships. She is a sweet girl, but she loves being in love and tends to turn a blind eye to trouble."
Eventually the final straw was drawn when a friend told Jana that Mike was sleeping with a paid escort:
"The only reason Mike got caught is because the escort knew Jana's friend."
After the beauty decided to finally call it quits, Caussin checked into a Hattiesburg, Mississippi rehab facility — the same one where Tiger Woods sought treatment — for sex addiction.
The insider added that Caussin is focused on recovery in hopes of getting back together with Jana:
"He definitely wants to be with her."
Merp.
So we guess time will tell what happens with these two — we just hope it's all sorted out for the baby's sake!
[Image via Instagram.]/n