Updated: Veronica Canceled? Here's What I Know... Friday, 12:08 p.m.:  The CW rep for Veronica Mars tells me: "The show has not been canceled. A decision will be made at the Upfront on May 17." Sources tell me that the show is.../n
Friday, 12:08 p.m.:  The CW rep for Veronica Mars tells me: "The show has not been canceled. A decision will be made at the Upfront on May 17." Sources tell me that the show is most likely to come back in its new FBI format (described below) or not return at all.Friday, 9:22 a.m.:  After speaking with very reliable sources this morning, I can tell you the following about Veronica Mars:

1. Creator Rob Thomas is shooting a five- to six-minute featurette of a new version of Veronica Mars, which is one of three options the CW is considering for next season (cancellation, renewal or new format). 2. This new Veronica version takes place four years in the future, and features Veronica as a full-fledged FBI agent. (This morning's Hollywood Reporter incorrectly reports that in the new featurette, Veronica is still in the FBI Academy.)3. Kristen Bell is the only castmember who is part of this "FBI years" trailer/featurette. It is not yet known which other castmembers would come on board if the CW chooses this option. Veronica's current cast and crew were informed of the featurette yesterday (hence, the widespread panic and cancellation rumors running rampant—and my panic attack).4. For better or worse, Veronica's fate has not yet been decided, and I'm told the chances of it coming back in its current format are looking grim. So, keep reading and show your support below in the comments section. (By the way, never before have I seen comments pile up so fast and so strong anywhere on E! Online. Keep 'em coming!)Now back to the original story that posted last night...Thursday, 10:11 p.m.:  You may have seen my earlier report that Veronica Mars has been canceled.Well, let me just say that though I heard this heart-wrenching info from six—yes, six—reliable sources on both the network and studio sides and that the "cancellation" rumor ran rampant around all sectors of Hollywood today, apparently the picture is more complex than a straight canceled-or-not-canceled scenario.At this hour, here's what I can tell you:I just heard from Veronica mastermind and showrunner Rob Thomas, who told me, "If we're canceled, I certainly don't know about it."According to CW insiders, the network has not officially canceled Veronica Mars. However, here's the catch: It is currently considering a different format for the fourth season. From what I hear, that format would leap four years into the future and focus on Veronica as an FBI agent. Aside from returning star Kristen Bell (duh), the rest of the cast is yet to be determined, but it isn't likely that many of her current costars would be on hand.So, bottom line: Veronica Mars could be: (1) spinning off into a new format, (2) returning in her college years or (3) getting axed.And let me just say, number three is indeed a very real possibility, so it is most definitely time to rally the troops before it's too late! If you care about Veronica Mars and want it to survive (and if you're a fan of good TV, I know you do!), please comment below with your name and message of support. And email your friends the link to this column so they can do the same. (I will forward your comments to the powers that be at the CW.) Then please send a "Save Veronica" postcard or letter to:Dawn OstroffPresident of Entertainment, The CW Television Network4000 Warner Blvd., Bldg 168Burbank, CA 91522-0002And pardon me while I hop on my soapbox and advise the CW: Canceling Veronica Mars would be a mistake of epic proportions. It is by far the best thing going on the Green Net and one of the most addictive, smart, funny and well-written series ever to air. The fans would not take its demise lightly. (P.S. That Pussycat show makes me want to gouge out my eyes.)Now, VM fans unite! Comment away below—for the love of good TV! 
/n