(Sandra Oh) already?! It certainly looked that way in the ABC hit's milestone 200th episode, which introduced a hot doc from another hospital Emma (Marguerite Moreau). But there wasn't just romance drama in the huge hour; there was.../n
Spoiler alert! We're about to dig into the biggest, most jaw-dropping moments from Thursday night's TV. If you haven't yet watched a particular show, and don't want to be spoiled, skip to the next!The Vampire Diaries: RIP, Matt Donovan (Zach Roerig)! Well, at least for a little while! Silas (Paul Wesley) snapped everyone's favorite former high school quarterback's neck on the CW hit drama, but luckily Matt was wearing his trust Gilbert ring, which brought him back to life. But not before he made a quick visit to the Other Side where he ran into Bonnie (Kat Graham). In other non-death-related TVD news, Whitmore College apparently has a secret society, one which hot new teacher Dr. Maxfield is a part of. And it seems Elena's (Nina Dobrev) father Grayson was a member as well! Oh, and Stefan (Wesley) is out of the box under the quarry...and possibly back to his ripper ways. Does it make us horrible people if Ripper Stefan makes us say "yay"?!

Scandal: Though he was hellbent on protecting Jeanine Locke, Fitz (Tony Goldwyn) ended up going on national TV and admitting he had an affair with the White House staffer. Why? Because Olivia (Kerry Washington) asked him to save Jake's (Scott Foley) life, which he could only do my sacrificing Jeanine's honor. Yay for the return of Jake, who was looking seriously hot with that beard and all dirtied up. (We have issues, we know.) But it was Olivia who ended up in danger when Huck (Giullermo Diaz) lashed out and attacked his boss after he finally put it together that her father Rowan (Joe Morton) is the head of B613 aka the organization that turned him into an assassin and  then threw him in a hole for months. #DaddyPopeIstheWorst, right?!Once Upon a Time in Wonderland: The creators of Once Upon a Time's new spinoff series, focusing on a whole new kind of Alice (Sophie Lowe) premiered tonight, and took viewers down a rabbit hole to a new twist on a classic tale. Now that you've seen it, we're asking you to tell us what you thought!The X Factor: OK, raise your hand if you want a love like Alex and Sierra's! The couple is just so darn likable and adorable, without making us queasy. Making us swoon even more? Their kiss during their performance of "You're The One That I Want," which landed them a spot in Simon Cowell's final roster of groups.

Grey's Anatomy: Is Owen (Kevin McKidd) moving on from Cristina (Sandra Oh) already?! It certainly looked that way in the ABC hit's milestone 200th episode, which introduced a hot doc from another hospital Emma (Marguerite Moreau). But there wasn't just romance drama in the huge hour; there was family drama, too, as a junkie brought in Grey-Sloan was revealed to be Alex's (Justin Chambers) long-lost father.At least we got a hilarious moment courtesy of a drunken April (Sarah Drew) asking an equally drunk Arizona (Jessica Capshaw) if she could try on her prosthetic leg. Ha!Line of the Night: "I don't really like the wine. I don't have the taste for it." Yes, Olivia Pope once didn't like wine. Shudder!
/n