The ‘Little Miss Sunshine’ Cast: 10 Years Later/n





                    Ryan Gosling Supports Steve Carell at Hollywood Walk of Fame Star Ceremony
                







The Crazy Sexy Love boys are back together again

 MORE >>





Happy 10-year anniversary to our favorite dysfunctional movie family!

When Little Miss Sunshine was released 10 years ago today on July 26, 2006, the film about the cross-country adventures of the Hoover family in a Volkswagen received rave reviews and became a modern-day classic. The comedy-drama raked in four Oscar nominations and featured several actors in breakout roles, like Abigail Breslin and Paul Dano.


The Cast of 'Little Miss Sunshine': Where Are They Now?








































15 Photos »


To celebrate the beloved movie’s 10 year anniversary, we’re taking a look at the all-star cast of Little Miss Sunshine and what the Hoover family members are up to 10 years later.
Steve Carell starred as Frank Ginsberg, marking his first big dramatic role in Hollywood. Carell was popular for his roles in 40-Year-Old Virgin and The Office at the time, and Little Miss Sunshine directors said that they were worried Carell didn’t have the acting experience for the part. Ten years later, Carell continues to prove that his acting chops are up to par: he’s been nominated for Oscars for his leading role in Foxcatcher and nominated for a Golden Globe for his role in The Big Short.
Abigail Breslin was only 10 when she played Olive Hoover and did her legendary “Super Freak” dance on the beauty pageant stage. Now, she’s all grown up at 20 years old and holds a long list of credits: My Sister’s Keeper, Zombieland, Scream Queens, just to name a few. She’s set to star as “Baby” in ABC’s musical remake of Dirty Dancing.
Greg Kinnear and Toni Collette starred as bumbling and loving Hoover parents Richard and Sheryl. Kinnear has most recently starred as Joe Biden in the HBO film Confirmation alongside Kerry Washington, and Collette has taken on Broadway and film roles since her popular TV series, United States of Tara.
Other actors from the star-studded cast, who have gone on to have very successful careers, include: Alan Arkin, Paul Dano, Bryan Cranston, and Beth Grant.
Check out the gallery above to see the Little Miss Sunshine cast members 10 years later!
/n