Demi Moore Fires Back At Drowning Victim's Family In Wrongful Death Legal Battle/n
Demi Moore has headed back to court in the wrongful death lawsuit filed by the family of Edenilson Steven Valle, the 21-year-old who drowned in the pool at her Los Angeles home.
As Radar can exclusively reveal, the actress is demanding that the victim’s family be sanctioned for playing dirty games, firing off subpoenas to her talent agent, and even attempting conduct a 12-hour inspection of her property.
As reported, Valle was found drowned in Moore’s backyard pool during a July 2015 party. The star was out of town at the time of the deadly bash, thrown by house manager Lenny Hernandez and Bessy Wong.
PHOTOS: Moving On: Demi Moore Sells $75 Million Pad She Once Shared With Exes
According to law enforcement, the incident occurred when the victim, who couldn’t swim, tripped over something and fell into the pool. The majority of the guests left the residence at one point but returned later to discover him floating face down in the pool.
Valle’s parents originally sued Tree House Trust, the trust who owned the property, and had left Moore out of the lawsuit. However, they have since added Moore as a defendant, along with Hernandez and Wong.
“House manager Lenny Hernandez knew there was drinking that night and in fact she was serving alcohol at a party which was unsafe to host,” said the Valle family’s complaint.
READ THE COURT DOCUMENTS 
Valle’s parents accused Moore of contributing to their son’s death, citing the fact that there were no depth markers or safety signage in the 10-foot-deep pool. Furthermore, they stated, the area around the pool had rocks and created a tripping hazard and they noted the pool was heated to 101 degrees, which could cause harm.
Moore has fired back at the lawsuit, blasting all accusations that she did anything wrong or that her actions played a factor. She demanded the entire case be tossed.
PHOTOS: Moving On: Demi Moore Sells $75 Million Pad She Once Shared With Exes 
The 54-year-old argued the victim’s own negligence caused or contributed to his death and, if any damages are awarded, they should be proportional to his percentage of fault. She said that the man knowingly and voluntarily assumed the risk alleged in the complaint.
Moore also pointed out she wasn’t even on site at the time of Valle’s death, and said the man was not lawfully on her private property.
Meanwhile, house manager Hernandez has filed her response to the wrongful death lawsuit. Like Moore, she also denies any liability for the death of Valle. /n