Rihanna Shares First Ocean's Eight Cast Photo With Sandra Bullock, Cate Blanchett, Anne Hathaway, & The Rest Of The Squad — Look!/n

So much star power on one subway train! We don't know who to look at!
Ever since Warner Bros. announced the star-studded cast of Ocean's 8, we've been dying to see Sandra Bullock and co. in character for the female led Ocean's Eleven spinoff.
Thankfully, our wishes have been granted by none other than Rihanna, who shared the first official image of the spinoff on Monday, featuring all eight leading ladies!
Photo: Rihanna Steals Green Snakeskin Trench Coat From Anne
In the first look (above), we see Sandy — who plays Debbie Ocean (the estranged sister of George Clooney's Danny Ocean, of course) — riding on the subway with her all star team.
This assemblage includes RiRi, Cate Blanchett, Sarah Paulson, Anne Hathaway, Helena Bonham Carter, Mindy Kaling and rapper/comedian Awkwafina!
Along with the first image, Warner Bros. also revealed the film's first logline — which gives some new details on the group's character names and where the heist will take place: 
"The tide will turn as Debbie Ocean (Bullock) attempts to pull off the heist of the century at New York City's star-studded annual Met Gala. Her first stop is to assemble the perfect crew: Lou (Blanchett); Nine Ball (Rihanna); Amita (Kaling); Constance (Awkwafina); Rose (Bonham Carter); Daphne Kluger (Hathaway); and Tammy (Paulson)."
Wait, so they're robbing the Met Gala? Are they going to steal from Kim Kardashian West and Kendall Jenner? Will art imitate life!?
The setting explains why the film will also feature cameos from the KUWTK sisters, along with appearances by Anna Wintour, Adriana Lima, Hailey Baldwin and Zayn Malik.
But that's not all — James Corden, Dakota Fanning and Olivia Munn also have roles in the action-comedy; along with Matt Damon, who will make a cameo as his character from the first Ocean's trilogy.
So much to look forward to in one movie! Check out Rihanna's full post (below) and get ready for Ocean's Eight in theaters June 8, 2018.

First looQ at #Oceans8. Coming summer 2018. pic.twitter.com/NNbgolsnWu
— Rihanna (@rihanna) January 30, 2017
[Image via Warner Bros..]
/n