Horrific Video Violence: Three Teens Arrested For Facebook Live Sexual Assault/n
WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT
Three teenagers have been arrested for sexual assault after a horrifying Facebook Live video of the incident went viral.
Ezzie Johnson and Kadari Fabien Booker, both 17, and Haleigh Alexis Hudson, 19, were arrested on Wednesday on charges of felony kidnapping and sexual assault.
Johnson will be charged as an adult, Gulfport Police Chief Leonard Papania said during a press conference about the crime. Johnson allegedly recorded the sexual and physical assault of a 23-year-old woman.
PHOTOS: Rape, Abortions, STDs, Homelessness: ‘Teen Mom 2’ Star Kailyn Lowry’s 15 Most Shocking Secrets and Scandals Revealed
“Johnson is actually the one who memorialized these criminal acts by videotaping and distributing on Facebook Live,” Chief Leonard Papania said. “We are also evaluating the actions of other people present in order to determine if other charges will be forthcoming, and I can tell you with certainty there will be.
“Once again we are witnessing the dark side of social media,” the Chief said. “These warrants demonstrate our belief about these three individuals and their criminal acts, however, I can’t help but be disturbed by the incredible number of shares and views of this crude and despicable event.”
WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT
The video, which garnered 48,000 views and 1,100 likes before being taken down, is 15-minutes long and begins in a bathroom where a man is standing over a woman with her head between his legs and holding his own genitalia and demanding she perform oral sex on him, according to the Clarion Ledger.
PHOTOS: Pamela Anderson Reveals Rape, Molestation and Gang Rape During Charity Foundation Speech
“Suck that d***,” the man says on the recording.
A woman’s voice is heard on the video asking to be let into the bathroom, “Unlock the door real quick. You don’t have to stop just open the door. I need to get something,” she says.
As the video continues, the man and the woman leave the bathroom and she sits on a sofa. The people in the room demand oral sex “on camera again to boost the views on the video,” the newspaper reported.
The woman refuses and a man is heard asking her if she is ready to go home, to which she replies yes.
PHOTOS:Latest Statement: Gloria Allred Deposed Bill Cosby For Seven Hours In Playboy Mansion Sexual Assault Case, Reveals Plans To Release Transcript!
“She ain’t going home,” a woman’s voice is heard saying. “She’s stuck … she gon’ suck some d*** until her throat swell up.”
The victim is asked if she is ready to fight and then a female “pushes and hits her in the head as she sits on the couch.” She then drags her off the furniture and punches her in the head, while others in the room are cheering, saying: “Don’t break it up, don’t break it up.”
The woman is seen on camera “crying with her face, begging to be left alone.”
Asked about the woman’s mental capacity, Chief Papania said: “There’s so much junk out there right now, it makes this job incredibly hard. The charges right now are sexual battery and kidnapping. If there was a question as to mental state and the impact as a criminal element that would show in the charges.”
PHOTOS: ‘We Want To Seek Justice!’ Philly DA Vows To Reveal ‘Truth’ About Cosby Sex Assault
Police responded to the home for a reported assault and discovered the video that depicted the situation.
The Facebook Live video had been deleted but a woman re-posted it on her page.
“I’m looking at the time date and stamp on it and this is happening right now,” Tiffany Hailey said about watching the assault. “You see it escalating.”
Hailey said she did not reach out to police but reached out to the victim on Facebook. She also shared the video on her page, writing: “if you know this girl, please do help her. This is serious.”
PHOTOS; Secret Children, Rehab & Rape Claims: What To Expect On The New Season of ‘Teen Mom OG’
Hailey called the assault video “gut wrenchingly horrific. It’s really, really, bad.”
Anyone with information regarding this crime is urged to contact the Gulfport Police Department at 228-868-5959. You can also contact Crime Stoppers at www.mscoastcrimestoppers.com or by telephone at (877)787-5898.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n