Diane Von Furstenberg, Jenna Lyons, Alexa Chung and the Women Who Changed the Way We Dress (PHOTOS)/n





                    Style Must-Haves
                







Celebs share styles they can't live without!

 MORE >>





 From the pantsuits that celebs have been all about lately to the wrap dresses that revolutionized workwear (thank you, Diane Von Furstenberg!) and the universally-flattering, always-appropriate LBD (courtesy of Ms. Coco Chanel), we can thank an influential group of fashion-minded females for many of the wardrobe staples we rely on to get us through our busy days in style.
Knowing our bodies, understanding the demands we put on our outfits and possessing the creativity to find new ways to fulfill our wardrobe needs and dreams, these innovative designers, celebs, socials, models and muses have forever changed what we wear and what we expect from our clothes.
And these trendsetters and trailblazers continue to inspire and influence the way we dress…

There’s the muses whose iconic style we still reference today, including Audrey Hepburne, Carolyn Bessette Kennedy and Christie Brinkley. And the modern icons who have surprised and inspired us with their ability to mix and match designers, bargains and couture, and casual and fancy, from Kate Middleton and J.Crew’s Jenna Lyons, to Alexa Chung.
Also on the list: The legendary designers who gave us clothes that fit with our busy lives and diverse bodies and the fashion editors and tastemakers who transformed fashion from a frivolous pursuit to a billion-dollar industry that’s at the forefront of pop culture.
Of course, we couldn’t forget the models, musicians and muses who rewrote the fashion rules and inspired us to do the same, or the TV and movie characters who may have been fictional but whose style became part of our reality, as girls across the country clamored to emulate it.


see the men who have become style icons








































9 Photos »


Whether you know it or not, these women have helped to shape the way we present ourselves to the world, prepared us and accompanied us during the most important moments of our lives, and they continue to influence our style today.
Click on the gallery to see fashion’s most influential females — and how they’ve shaped the way we dress here.
Who has influenced your personal style? Tell us in the comments below.
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player
Click on the video for more style icons from the silver screen.

brightcove.createExperiences();

 
/n