 Kate Gosselin's Scathing Claims Against Jon: Daughter Needed Therapy After Visit With.../n
Picking up their daughter from school early…and alone!
After new reports revealed Kate Gosselin accused her ex-husband Jon of exhibiting “suspicious behavior” around their young daughter, RadarOnline.com can exclusively expose new details about the shocking allegations.
In a Pennsylvania police report obtained by Radar, the Kate Plus 8 star, 41, claimed their daughter— identified as Hannah, now 12, by In Touch— began acting “unusual,” and that her father was giving her preferential treatment.
“Jonathan has been picking her up early from school instead of letting her come home on the bus with her siblings,” Kate told officers, according to the Manheim Township Police Department incident report filed on April 27, 2015.
PHOTOS: So ‘Upset!’ Jon Gosselin Lashes Out After Kate Sends Son Away To Treatment
As Radar reported earlier today, Kate admitted to cops that she had hired a private investigator to trail Jon, 39, and learned that he was at their kids’ school that very minute.
“Katie believed that Jonathan was guarding her and feared that if he saw her or the police, he would take [Hannah] out of school and flee,” cops continued in their report.
The hysterical mother of eight said she intended to send her daughter to a counselor immediately following Jon’s alleged actions.
“She was going to insist that they release [her] into her custody so that she can take [her] to a therapist to see if anything would be disclosed,” police wrote.
PHOTOS: Jon Gosselin Parties With Multiple Women After Feud With Kate Reignites
According to cops, Kate arrived at the school and discovered Jon wasn’t there. She promptly took her little girl out of class and headed home.
In Touch was first to report the existence of the police report, and Kate’s wild claims about Jon’s drug dealing and kidnapping plans.
Sources close to Jon vehemently denied to Radar that Jon had ever acted inappropriately around Hannah.
“It sounds like Kate is making up stories again,” an insider said.
For more details from the shocking police report, keep reading Radar.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n