Gordon Ramsay Is Slammed For Flying First Class While His Kids Sit In Economy/n
Famed TV chef Gordon Ramsay is reportedly boiling mad after getting blasted for flying first class on an airplane with his wife while their children sit back in the economy section.
According to the U.K. Mirror, Gordon is livid about how he has been portrayed by some as a bad dad by saving about $19,000 on airfares with his move.
Hell hath no fury like the Hell’s Kitchen star, 50, who said that what he does saves money and serves as good discipline for his four children.
PHOTOS: Drugs, Lies & Kinky Sex: Gordon Ramsay’s Mistress Tells All In Bombshell New Book!
Gordon, speaking after the broadcast of his show The F Word on FOX, said, “I got sh** last week from a major newspaper for not sitting my kids in first class.
“I did not fly on a f***ing plane until I was 19 years of age.
“And when I sat on the plane cramped for eight hours with food that was cooked three weeks ago I was just happy to take off and be in a plane.”
PHOTOS: Leah Messer Lets Loose In Miami After Being SLAMMED For Bad Mom Behavior
Ramsay continued, “The fact that I am going to sit a six year old in a first class seat for £15.000 [the equivalent of about $19,000] to fly from L.A. to London…Fifteen thousand pounds.
“You can buy a f***king car for that.
“Why does my six year old need a big f***ing seat, a 10 course menu with caviar and champagne in first class?” the foul-mouthed British celebrity chef raged.
PHOTOS: Hot Car Trial: Jury Deliberating After Sexting Claims, Gruesome Evidence
“What are they going to be like when they are 18? They are f***d.”
Tough love Ramsay, who has visited some ritzy vacation spots,  also said, according to the Mirror, that he won’t be leaving his multi-million dollar fortune to his kids with Tana–Matilda, 15, Jack and Holly, 17, and Megan, 18.
Ramsay said their children have remained “well grounded” by understanding normal life and that he will continue to “keep things real” with his children.
PHOTOS: The Verdict Is In! Jury Reveals The Hot Car Death Dad’s Fate
And that’s not the first controversy to hit the Ramsay family recently, as Radar has reported.
Chris Hucheson, the father of Ramsay’s wife Tana, was just sentenced to six months in prison for hacking the star’s company computers.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n