Arnold To Go Ahead with Cartoon Series 'The Governator' Despite Sex Scandal/n
By Cliff RenfrewRadar Staff Reporter
Arnold Schwarzenegger is pushing ahead with his family- friendly animated television series The Governator  despite his highly embarrassing sex scandal.
While ‘The Procreator’ tries to salvage his 25-year marriage to Maria Shriver, after it was revealed he fathered a son with former maid Mildred Baena, he is also battling to save his entertainment career too.
PHOTOS: Maria Shriver And Kids Have Lunch
Before the scandal broke, Schwarzenegger announced that he was teaming up with Marvel Comics genius Stan Lee for a cartoon television series featuring him as the crime fighting hero known as The Governator.
A Squared Entertainment CEO and co-founder Andy Heyward, who is also one of the producers on the project, released the following statement to RadarOnline.com: 
“A2’s ‘Governator’ animated series and its lore, is fictional and stands on its merits, as does the Archie Comic book, the Stan Lee pedigree, Steve Banks and the writing team, our global production, licensing, broadcast, and home entertainment partners.  The bible and pilot script are among the most exciting Amy and I have ever seen.  The series stands on its own and is going forward as such.
PHOTOS: Arnold Schwarzenegger & Maria Shriver Through The Years
 “Of course we wish the family the best in this challenging time.” 
In The Governator, the animated character fights a global crime wave from a subterranean man cave that includes an array of  ‘Supersuits’ that make him invisible  (bet he wishes he had one of those just now) plus a throat spray that can make him talk any language.Opponents will include an organization called Gangsters, Impostors, Racketeers, Liars, and Irredeemable Ex-cons (G.I.R.L.I.E. Men for short). 
Ironically, his wife Maria and his four kids will help him fight crime in the cartoon series.
Arnold Mistress Owns $250,000 House In Bakersfield
Schwarzenegger unveiled the project in Cannes, France, on April 4 at the MIPTV international television content convention;  the show is set to launch in 2012, on a channel to be determined.
 
RELATED STORIES: 
PHOTOS: Arnold Schwarzenegger & Maria Shriver Through The Years
Arnold’s Mistress: ‘I Had NO Kids With My Hubby’ — Read Their Divorce Papers
Arnold Mistress Mildred Baena Is In Hiding 
Maria Shriver Puts On Brave Face At Oprah Winfrey Gala
Arnold Schwarzenegger — Steering Clear Of The Media 
True Lies: Maria Shriver & The Mistress Both Carrying Arnold’s Baby At Same Time
  /n