Girlfriend Can Sue Klugman/n
Talk about your odd couple. Jack Klugman's ex-girlfriend was in court today, pursuing a wide-ranging lawsuit against her former beau, who, she says, treated her like a "racehorse" who'd run her course.  Unfortunately for Barbara Neugass, the judge isn't seeing things quite her way.In a pre-trial hearing Wednesday, Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Kurt Lewin barred Neugass from suing the actor for emotional distress. However, for the time being, Lewin left intact most of the dozen other claims in her lawsuit, which was filed earlier this year.Neugass claims she cohabitated with the erstwhile Quincy beginning in 1974, helping him raise two children. She says he treated her like a spouse and paid a monthly stipend right up until she developed bad knees. Then, she alleges, Klugman treated her "like a racehorse," and, extending the equine reference, put her "out to pasture" in November 1996.She wants half his property, a monthly payment and other damages. Klugman has claimed in a written affidavit that he had a "meretricious" relationship with Neugass and never promised to support her.Today, Klugman's attorneys asked Lewin to dismiss most of the 12 claims in the lawsuit. It took the judge about an hour to agree to toss out intentional and negligent infliction of emotional distress claims, and an allegation involving the intentional destruction of evidence. The dismissal of the two emotional distress claims minimizes Neugass' likelihood of collecting punitive damages. Her only chance to collect such damages now is from a fraud claim.But Lewin left the door open to drop still more claims. He especially took issue with the plaintiff's lawyers' tactics. "Sooner or later we'll have to deal with this kitchen sink pleading," he said. "(You) throw everything in and try to see what will stick."This is the second setback for Neugass and her attorneys. In an earlier hearing, a different judge denied her request for a court order forcing Klugman to support her until the case goes to trial.
/n