Amy Winehouse And Her Beehive - How She Changed Hair History/n
By Leah Ornstein – Radar Style & Beauty Editor
Kelly Osbourne attended Amy Winehouse‘s funeral in London on Tuesday, and honored her late pal by sporting her signature hairdo – the beehive.
In memory of the soulful singer, RadarOnline.com is bringing you the back story of the famous updo, celebrities who have rocked it and how, according to a top hairstylist, Amy spawned an international resurgence of the classic coif.
Since its inception over fifty years ago, the over-the-top hairstyle has been rocked by everyone from Audrey Hepburn in Breakfast at Tiffany‘s, to red carpet bombshells like Jennifer Lopez, Drew Barrymore, Rihanna, Jessica Simpson and Christina Hendricks, and even to cartoon characters like Marge Simpson and Wilma Flintstone.
PHOTOS:  Celebs Who Loved Their Beehive HairdosThe beehive dates back to 1960, created by Illinois hairdresser Margaret Vinci Heldt, who was asked by the editors of Modern Beauty Salon magazine to design a hairstyle that would reflect the coming decade.
“Who knew what a phenomenon it would become?” Heldt told Trib Local, a local Chicago website last year.  “It was worn by millions of women.”
PHOTOS: Kelly Osbourne & Other Celebs Arrive To Amy Winehouse’s Funeral
It was Amy Winehouse who brought the famous do back with a bang.
“It definitely made her standout from everyone else,” celebrity hairstylist Sean James tells RadarOnline.com exclusively.
PHOTOS: Amy Winehouse Through The Years
“It was during a time that music went hand in hand with the punk rock 1960’s Dusty Springfield look. Adele and Duffy were also sporting similar styles at the time, but Winehouse took it to the extreme.”
While other people would reserve the complicated updo for the red carpet, Winehouse made it her day-to-day look.
PHOTOS: The Best And Worst Dressed Stars Of The Day
“She was more committed to the look than anyone else and would rock it from day-to-night with cutoffs and wifebeater tank tops.  She was living the sixties rock chick to the extreme.,” James says.
After Winehouse topped the charts with Back to Black, the fashion industry took note.
PHOTOS: Bikinis! The Best Legs On The Beach
“Winehouse spawned an international resurgence of the beehive,” James adds.  “Every designer was asking me to do the Amy Winehouse hair for their runway shows and editorial spreads.”
Amy Winehouse’s musical legacy will never be forgotten – and neither will her mark in hair history!
RELATED STORIES:
Amy Winehouse’s Mom & Dad Show Up At Her Home
Amy Winehouse Died Alone In Bed
Amy Winehouse Found Dead
  /n