 Child Services To Oppose Brooke Mueller's Court Bid To Have Twins Removed From Denise.../n
UPDATE 2:30 p.m. PST — Brooke Mueller wants to see the twins on Mother’s Day while she is in rehab at Betty Ford, but DCFS opposed the request, sources told Radar. This is another matter being tackled in court this afternoon.
Brooke is sending her attorney, Lori Howe, to a Los Angeles court on Friday in a desperate bid to have Denise Richards stripped as the temporary guardian of her twins boys to ex-husband Charlie Sheen.
But the 35-year-old faces an uphill battle in her quest.
The Los Angeles County of Department of Children and Family Services (DCFS) will oppose her move to have Bob and Max, four, moved to her brother while she rehabs at The Betty Ford Center in Rancho Mirage, RadarOnline.com can reveal.
PHOTOS: Denise Richards & Brooke Mueller Shop Together With Their Kids
“Brooke wants her brother and the boys to move close to Betty Ford temporarily so she can see them, if her treatment team were to allow it,” a source with knowledge of the situation revealed.
DCFS will tell the court, however, that Bob and Max are “thriving” with Richards and her two daughters with Sheen, Sam, 9, and Lola, 7, as well as a third daughter she adopted on her own in 2011, Eloise, who is almost two years old.
“Social workers have made several surprise visits to the house to check on their welfare and the twins couldn’t be better cared for,” the insider said.
PHOTOS: Denise Richards & Brooke Mueller Shop Together With Their Kids
The best Mueller can hope for, the source said, is that a judge grants her supervised visitation.
Another source said: “For Brooke to go to court and seek to have them uprooted yet again is a very selfish move. Bob and Max don’t need to be hanging around Betty Ford, they are four years old!”
As RadarOnline.com first revealed, Mueller and Sheen’s twins were taken away from her because of fears their mother’s drug use could endanger them.
PHOTOS: Stars Who OD’d
It followed her being placed on an involuntary psychiatric hold at the UCLA Medical Center under the Californian Welfare Institutions Code ― the same evaluation that Britney Spears went under in 2008 ― that allows for a qualified peace officer or clinician to involuntarily confine someone because it’s deemed they have a mental disorder that makes them a danger to themselves and/or others.
This week, the Palm Beach socialite checked into Betty Ford for a 30-day stint in treatment — marking the 20th time she’s entered a facility to seek help for substance abuse.
Mueller “needs to focus on getting sober and take responsibility for her actions,” one source said. /n