‘Saturday Night Live’ Star Aidy Bryant Thought Her Marriage Proposal Was a Joke/n





                    'SNL' Star Aidy Bryant Can't Stop Rapping in Front of Lin-Manuel Miranda
                







Can you blame her?

 MORE >>





Aidy Bryant didn’t think her longtime boyfriend — and now fiancé — Conner O’Malley was being serious when he asked her to marry him.

During her latest appearance on Late Night With Seth Meyers, the Saturday Night Live star revealed how her marriage proposal went down. Just like what you’d see on her show, Bryant initially thought the whole thing was one big elaborate joke.
“We’ve been together a long time; we’ve been together almost nine years. So, a lot of the shimmer and shine has faded and we’re just living every damn day as best we can,” Bryant explained of her relationship with O’Malley, who used to be a writer for Seth Meyer’s talk show. “We’ve seen each other through a lot. Like, he used to work as a full-blown garbage man — not a joke, just a garbage man. I used to sweep up hair in a barber shop. I mean, we’ve, like, been through it.”


the Original 'SNL' Cast: Where Are They Now?








































8 Photos »


The 29-year-old went on to explain she was completely blindsided by the proposal. Having just returned home from a long say of SNL rehearsals, the actress wasn’t expecting anything big when she walked in.
“I had my purse and our mail and all these boxes, and I walked to our door and our dog had a bow tie on. I was like, ‘My dog doesn’t wear a bow tie! Where is he going tonight?’ Basically, the second I shut the door, a man — who I discovered was Conner — frantically came around the corner and was just like, ‘Will you marry me?!’ No box. No ‘I love you.’ Just a man in full terror standing very far from a dog in a bow tie, just holding a loose ring going, ‘Will you marry me?!'” Bryant remembered “I was like, ‘What?!’ I truly couldn’t comprehend what was happening, and I kept saying, ‘Is this a joke? Are you doing a joke?’ And then I said, ‘Of course I’ll marry you. I love you.’ And it was really nice.”
“He was like, ‘Well, you always said that you wanted it to happen in our house if it ever happened.’ I was like, ‘That’s true; I wanted it to be private,'” she continued. “He was like, ‘But I also knew you probably wanted to be wearing a bra and have makeup on, so I knew I had to do it after you just got home from work — otherwise it would never be another moment.'”


Top 10 Celebrity Proposals of all time








































10 Photos »


/n