Donald Trump Spoke With Caitlyn Jenner Days After Meeting With Anti-LGBT Religious Groups — So Where DOES He Stand On The Bathroom Bill?!/n

Over the past year, Donald Trump has said A TON of ridiculous and contradictory things.
But it looks like the politician might actually have to take a hard stance on that whole bathroom bill!
Related: Caitlyn To Appear At A LGBT-Focused Brunch Outside Republican National Convention
As you're probably aware, back in March, North Carolina's Governor Pat McCrory signed the EXTREMELY controversial law which ultimately prevents a transgender man or woman from using the correct bathroom for the gender they identify with.
Many celebrities and politicians have already come out against the idiotic bill, but The Donald has somewhat remained on the fence — and it sounds like Caitlyn Jenner is okay with it!
Sure, we know Cait used Trump's bathroom in Trump Tower, but NOW we've learned the reality star actually met with the candidate shortly after  he had meetings with anti-LGBT supporters!
Related: Fox News Makeup Artists Claim They Were Fired After Being Forced To Watch Graphic Sex Videos
Just a couple weeks ago, the 69-year-old businessman took a call from Caitlyn to talk a bit about transgender issues and where he stands on particular topics. While it's always great to see people, even scumbags like Trump, open their minds to a more tolerant lifestyle, the timing of the meeting sure rubs us the wrong way!
After previously saying things like North Carolina was "paying a big price" for its bathroom law, the fact that the former Celebrity Apprentice star decided to meet with hundreds of religious conservatives doesn't really seem like he's fully supporting the LGBT community!
Normally, this might show an open-minded willingness to listen to both sides of the argument, but seeing as how Trump met with groups like Focus on the Family and Family Research Council – both of which are VERY against legal protections for gay and transgender people — we think Trump is just trying to play both sides.
The reason why this is all becoming increasingly important is on Monday, delegates are supposed to get together to adopt a provision for their new platform for 2016 and what they have so far regarding LGBT issues does NOT sound very supportive!
Related: Trump Finally Comments On Nationwide Violence!
When several states had problems with transgender students using bathrooms, Obama threatened to withhold federal funding from schools not allowing their kids to use the bathrooms and locker rooms that aligned to their gender identities! Well a portion of the GOP's platform is VERY critical of Barack's threat saying:

"They are determined to reshape our schools — and our entire society — to fit the mold of an ideology alien to America's history."
Not enough? Another section criticizes those who boycott businesses that deny services to same-sex couples. Because you know, discriminating against the LGBT community is freedom of speech — discriminating against discriminatory businesses is an outrage…
Since Trump hasn't committed to his stance on a very touchy subject within the conservative party, we're definitely curious to see which side of the fence he will land on!
[Image via WENN.]
/n