Giveaway Alert: Win the MTV Video Music Awards 2016 Gift Collection, Worth Over $7,000/n
You too can be a star! Win the gift collection given to Rihanna, Britney Spears, Nick Jonas and more backstage at the 2016 MTV Video Music Awards! Tune in to MTV to watch the show on Sunday, August 28th, at 9/8C.
How to Enter:
1) Leave a comment on this post telling us which TV show or movie you think was the best written this past year!
2) Feel free to leave multiple comments!
3) When leaving your comment(s), make sure you are logged in using a valid email address! We will contact the winner via email next week.
4) You must live in the continental United States and be 18-years-old or older to enter. You have until midnight PST Sunday, August 28, 2016.
The gift collection includes:






Bose® QuietComfort® 35 wireless headphones – Bose® QuietComfort® 35 wireless headphones are engineered with world-class noise cancellation that makes quiet sound quieter and music sound better. So you can just listen, with nothing in the way.
Crane & Co. Engraved Correspondence Cards – Since 1801, heads of state and stately households alike have chosen Crane to celebrate and commemorate life’s grand occasions, both large and small. Made in the Berkshires by a team of expert craftsmen and women for over 200 years, our passion, expertise and experience are part of every box of stationery we create.
Crush by Rihanna – Crush by Rihanna reveals her flirty yet mysteriously sexy, provocative side. Sensual woody notes pair with playful red fruits and pink musks to create an addictive floral oriental fragrance with an undeniably fun, feminine twist.
Dooney & Bourke Large Roxy Bag – Raleigh bags deliver chic style and reliable performance day in and day out. Best combinations of Italian calfskin paired with Vacchetta leather trim, satin gold tone hardware and a soft leather lining to evoke thoughtful design.
INDOCHINO – A one-of-a-kind made-to-measure suit from INDOCHINO. An INDOCHINO Style Guide will meet with the celebrities to select a fabric, get expertly measured and customize their suit for a perfectly fitted, personalized look.
JW Marriott Essex House New York – A work of art among Central Park hotels, JW Marriott Essex House has served as an icon in the NYC skyline since 1931 and features a luxury collection of guestrooms and suites with breathtaking park views. This certificate entitles each guest to a complimentary two night stay in one of the deluxe accommodations at the JW Marriott Essex House New York, inclusive of JW Executive Lounge access with a daily breakfast buffet and evening hors d’oeuvres. Winner will receive a two-night stay.
Kinross Pure Cashmere – Kinross creates comfortable, natural, soft and beautiful apparel that you’ll want to “live in.” Designed to bring a touch of luxury to each and every day.
Langham Place, New York – Langham Place, New York is centrally located at 400 Fifth Avenue, at the intersection of Fifth Avenue and 36th Street; Its 214 guest rooms and suites are some of the largest in the city. Guests will receive a certificate for a one-night stay plus a 60-minute spa treatment. Winner will receive a one-night stay.
Marc Jacobs – In celebration of the Resort collection, Marc Jacobs highlights the iconic MTV logo on an exclusive tote and a tee. The latest from Marc Jacobs Beauty (Velvet Noir Major Volume Mascara) is also featured.
MCM sunglasses by Marchon Eyewear – Designer Eyewear.
Nobu Hotel Miami Beach – Masterminded by Chef Nobu, Academy Award winner Robert De Niro and Hollywood producer Meir Teper, the brand new Nobu Hotel Miami Beach will deliver a fun-luxury experience with 206 beautifully appointed rooms and suites, world-renowned Japanese restaurant Nobu Miami and farm-to-fork dining destination Malibu Farm. Please enjoy Chef Helene Henderson’s Malibu Farm cookbook, a compilation of Helene’s favorite recipes celebrating the coasts and mountains of Southern California. No resort stay is included in this prize. Winner will receive a cookbook.
Perpetual Shade – Perpetual Shade is the first-of-its-kind premium sleep mask brand to properly bridge the gap between luxury and comfort. Inspired by cultural icon MTV, Perpetual Shade Luxury Sleep Masks designed a custom edition mask in tribute to the origins of music video culture.
ROSALIE BAY – Rosalie Bay is a sanctuary amid the wilds of Dominica — the Nature Island in the Caribbean; Nestled at the foothills of the Morne Trois Pitons, an UNESCO World Heritage Site, on the southeast coast, our Dominica hotel sits on 22 verdant acres at the intersection of the ever-changing Atlantic Ocean and crystal clear Rosalie River. Stunning natural beauty and modern touches work together in perfect harmony to create a vacation where you feel rejuvenated, relaxed and reconnected. No resort stay is included in this prize. Winner will resort an eco-friendly water bottle.
Scuf Gaming – Custom designed 2016 MTV VMA Infinity 4PS controllers for Playstation 4 are hand crafted by technicians at the US Scuf Gaming headquarters. Also included are high-end accessory packs containing a protection case, charging cable, precision thumbsticks, ring and lock kit, GamerGrip and drawstring bag.

 
Items in photo subject to change based on availability — some colors and styles may vary. Courtesy of Backstage Creations.


Every Video of the Year Winner in MTV VMAs History








































32 Photos »


/n