Bobbi Kristina Brown On The ‘Right Path’, Boyfriend’s Grandmother Says She’s ‘Very Supportive’ of Their Controversial Romance (EXCLUSIVE)/n





                    Bobbi Kristina Engaged?
                









 MORE >>










                    Bobby Brown Booted Out
                







Find out why he was kicked out of Whitney's funeral.

 MORE >>





 The daughter of legendary pop singer Whitney Houston, Bobbi Kristina Brown, has leaned on her boyfriend and Nick Gordon for support and is “doing OK” in the six months since her mother’s tragic death at age 48, according to her partner’s grandmother.
“Bobbi Kristina is on the right path,” Maxine Gordon told Celebuzz.
“If it wasn’t for my grandson, I think it would have been a different outcome for her.”
The 19-year-old and Gordon, who was informally adopted by Houston when he was 12, last week celebrated the release of her mother’s final movie Sparkle at the film’s Los Angeles premiere, alongside the cast including Jordin Sparks, Derek Luke, Mike Epps and Cee Lo Green.

“They are doing fine together as a couple,” Maxine said, in an exclusive interview.
“It was very difficult for Nick after Whitney’s death because he was one of the people who saw her in the hotel bathroom.”
Houston was found face down in a water-filled bathtub with drug paraphernalia near by on Feb. 11 at a Beverly Hills, Calif., hotel.
The Los Angeles County coroner concluded she died of an accidental drowning.


whitney houston's life in photos 








































49 Photos »


Since, many eyebrows have been raised about the relationship between Bobbi Kristina and Gordon, 22, who were spotted soon after Houston’s death getting affectionate in public, sharing kisses and holding hands while running errands in Atlanta.
She was even spotted with a ring on her engagement finger.
Fueling concerns, Brown’s grandmother, Cissy Houston, was said to be “worried” about the romance.
“I know Bobbi wears Whitney’s ring on her left hand ring finger. But Nick never told me ‘I’m engaged.’ If he was, I think he’d tell me,” Maxine told Celebuzz.
“Regardless, we are very supportive of them as a couple.”


bobbi kristina and her boyfriend shine at the 'sparkle' premiere 








































12 Photos »


One person who Maxine is more worried is Bobbi Kristina’s father, 43-year-old Bobby Brown, who checked himself into rehab last week as part of a plea deal for his March DUI arrest.
“He is a troubled, troubled, troubled human being,” Maxine said.
“He is a grown man and he needs to get help and stay in rehab until he is fully recovered. The man needs to be accountable to someone. He has no one around him, not even his children.”


bobby fights back tears at whitney houston's funeral








































8 Photos »


When news of her father’s latest setback broke, Bobbi Kristina Tweeted: “I love my father, very much and wish him well in all.”

   brightcove.createExperiences();

 
/n