Jacqueline's Real Housewives of New Jersey New Beginning Was Over Before It Could Even Start Well, that was quick. Any hope that the one-time Lucy and Ethel of Franklin Lakes might get their relationship back on track was quashed during.../n
Well, that was quick.Any hope that the one-time Lucy and Ethel of Franklin Lakes might get their relationship back on track was quashed during tonight's new episode of The Real Housewives of New Jersey when a reunion dinner between Teresa Giudice and Jacquline Laurita devolved into a shouting match before poor Juicy Joe even had time to unpack his rolly backpack full of wine he stomped with his own feet.Why couldn't the two former friends find a way to reach the peace that Teresa's been squawking about since being released from Danbury? Because they're both completely incapable of letting go of the past, that's why.

The minute Teresa brought up that fateful night in 2011 when she felt attacked on Jacqueline's deck, but then tried to stop Jacqueline from defending her side of events with her favorite phrase "I don't want to rehash the past," it was all over. It was the same fight these two had all those nights ago, with Teresa still unwilling to admit to any wrongdoing even though she went to freaking prison and Jacqueline still unwilling to back down even though her old friend just wanted a peaceful night of prosciutto and pasta. Things took a particularly bizarre turn when, after Teresa jabbed at Jacqueline by revealing her brother Joe Gorga told her not to trust her friend years ago, Jacqueline—showing zero chill—picked up her phone and called him to get the truth. Savage AF, Jacqueline."Who the hell does something like this? That's my brother," Teresa wondered during her interview. Something tells us Jacqueline's move here won't be easily forgotten. Teresa stormed out of the house once Jacqueline, after being accused of having legal issues of her own that Teresa never inquired about on camera, countered matter-of-factly (and correctly) that she never filed a fraudulent bankruptcy and was convicted and sentenced to prison. You know, minor details. "I didn't file fraudulent things," Teresa said, which, OK. Whatever you say.As she was leaving, Teresa said something interesting to Jacqueline. "God bless you. I want peace," she said. Though, it's beginning to feel more and more like "peace" to Teresa means "never, ever disagree with me and accept that I am always right." And we've got a feeling this isn't going to be a very peaceful year for her.The line of the night, though? That goes to Jacqueline. "She had a curfew anyway," she said to hubby Chris after the Giudice's left them standing in a kitchen full of food and wine, referring to her frenemy's probation. Like we said, savage AF.The Real Housewives of New Jersey airs Sundays at 8 p.m. on Bravo.(E! and Bravo are both part of the NBCUniversal family.)
/n