Desperate For A Comeback: Sickly Val Kilmer Ready For 'Top Gun' Sequel/n
Val Kilmer is desperate to be involved in a Top Gun sequel!
The 57-year-old actor took to Twitter on Tuesday to share that he’s still ready to play the infamous role of Tom “Iceman” Kazanski.
“Still got it… just sayin…” he wrote alongside a photo of himself wearing a white Iceman T-shirt.
PHOTOS: Val Kilmer Spotted Looking Frail Amid Cancer Scandal

Still got it… just sayin… pic.twitter.com/AYce5noIDY
— Val Kilmer (@valkilmer) June 7, 2017

Of course, this isn’t the first time Kilmer has made a desperate plea to be involved in the sequel this year — or even this spring !
PHOTOS: ‘My Tongue Swelled Up!’ Val Kilmer Struggles To Speak Amid Throat Cancer Rumors
On May 24, upon hearing that a sequel was in the works, the star paid tribute to the movie on Instagram with a similar caption and shout out to costar Tom Cruise: “I’m ready Tom — still got my top gun plaque! Still got the moves! Still got it!”





 friends said it's official – #TOPGUN2 was announced today. I'm ready Tom- still got my top gun plaque! Still got the moves! Still got it!
A post shared by Val Kilmer (@valkilmerofficial) on May 24, 2017 at 1:53pm PDT



Meanwhile, ailing Kilmer may find comfort in his faith, but his belief that prayers have “cured” his cancer may put him in an early grave, according to a specialist.
“If Val is … relying solely on faith healing, he would be denying himself lifesaving treatment!” says renowned oncologist Dr. Jerome Spunberg.
After two years of baffling denials, the tragic actor, 57, admitted in May he has been fighting the disease, but the skeletal star insisted his struggle is behind him as prayer has led to a “healing of cancer!”
PHOTOS: Is Val OK? Kilmer Looks Gaunt On The Beach
But Dr. Spunberg, who hasn’t treated the star, recently cautioned delays in getting medical care could have fatal consequences.
“If the cancer has spread … it’s rarely, if ever, curable,” said Spunberg. “He may have reached the point of no return.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n