EXCLUSIVE! New Details About The Original Tracy Turnblads Joining The Cast Of Hairspray Live! — Marissa Jaret Winokur Dishes Cameo Deets!/n

As if we weren't already excited for Hairspray Live!, we now have two more reasons to be super stoked!
Original Tracy Turnblads Ricki Lake and Marissa Jaret Winokur will be gracing the world with their presence in NBC's live musical, which will totally bring the new adaptation full circle!
Video: The Hairspray Live! Cast Just Nailed The Mannequin Challenge!
For those of you who may not remember, Miz Lake portrayed the leading lady in John Waters' 1988 film, while Marissa took on the larger-than-life role in the original Broadway cast alongside Harvey Fierstein, who is reprising his role as Edna for the upcoming broadcast.
And, Miz Winokur is dishing exclusive deets to us about the lovely ladies' cameos in the Maddie Baillio-led remake!
The 43-year-old explained that her former costar had been working to come up with a fun part for the actresses, but the Fever Pitch alum confessed that she and the former talk show host were just thrilled to be included, saying: 
"I know the show so well, that when they started talking about ideas for slipping us in I knew there were very few moments that would work, but both Ricki and I where open to anything."
Ultimately, execs decided their parts would involve working at the racially integrated clothing boutique run by Sean Hayes' character!
Marissa raved about the role, gushing:
"They came up with Mr. Pinky's girls! We will be working at Mr. Pinky's Hefty Hideaway! I am so excited to be playing with Sean Hayes, who is cast as Mr. Pinky! And I really hope I have a pink wig!"
We are LOVING the enthusiasm, and we're so pumped to see the fabulous females taking part in the iconic show once again!
Plus, the momma-of-one hopes the musical's moving message of equality will also help our nation's turbulent social situation, saying:
"I am so happy that Hairspray was the show Neil [Meron] and Craig [Zadan] picked to do this year. I fell like with all the unrest in the country, we all could use a little Tracy Turnblad right now."
Will U be tuning in on December 7, Perezcious readers?!
[Image courtesy of Marissa Jaret Winokur.]
/n