'Teen Mom' Nemesis Stevie Ryan Dead At 33, Hanged Herself In Suspected Suicide/n
The feuds between the stars of Teen Mom and actress Stevie Ryan are finally over. Ryan, who often got into social media wars with the MTV stars, was found dead after committing suicide, RadarOnline.com can reveal.
Ryan, 33, hanged herself in her Los Angeles home on July 1, the Los Angeles Coroner’s Office confirms. The case is currently closed.
Ryan was an actress who moved to Los Angeles at the age of 19 and found fame with her viral videos. She became known for her parodies of Justin Bieber, Lady Gaga and Amy Winehouse.
PHOTOS: Jenelle’s Revenge! Her Ex Nathan Splits With Girlfriend Jessica Henry
She starred in Stevie TV, a comedy sketch series on VH1.
The days before her death, she posted a tribute to her grandfather who passed away.
“The man of my dreams will now only be in my dreams,” she captioned a photo of her grandpa. “I’ll miss you everyday, forever. I love you my Pa.”
PHOTOS; Jenelle Evans Back In Court As MTV Cameras Capture All The Drama
Ryan often fought with the cast of Teen Mom over Twitter, especially Jenelle Evans.
“I know we pretty much hated each other but I’m sorry you had to go so soon pretty girl,” Evans tweeted.
In 2014, Ryan got into a Twitter feud with Evans when she complained that mother wouldn’t let her have her son Jace for the Fourth of July.
PHOTOS: Tears & Tantrums! 9 Shocking Moments From Jenelle’s Jury Trial
“That’s what happens when you don’t raise your child, DUH,” Ryan tweeted, as Evans responded, “Who r u again? Yeah washed-up wanna be reality star.”
Screen shots then emerged in 2015 of Ryan flirting with Evans’ ex Nathan Griffith.
In June, Ryan joked about wanting to hookup with Amber Portwood‘s fiancé Matt Baier.
PHOTOS: Tears & Tantrums! 9 Shocking Moments From Jenelle’s Jury Trial
Farrah Abraham‘s boyfriend Simon Saran responded, “Are you sure he’s not your daddy too? You can’t stop talking about him.”
She fired back of Abraham’s daughter, “You’re the one playing daddy to a baby demon child so I wouldn’t go there.”
Story developing.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n