Nick Jonas Refers to His Ed Hardy Dressing Phase as 'Dark Times'
/n
We all have embarrassing sartorial skeletons hidden somewhere deep in our closets, both literally and metaphorically. Whether you felt at the time that the mullet you had in high school was the peak of high fashion or you thought layering ten tons of body glitter all over your torso was the hottest look of the Willennium, as you grow up, fashion mistakes are bound to happen. But thankfully, most of us didn’t grow up in the public eye with our every unfortunate style choice heavily documented. A fate Nick Jonas, much to his chagrin, was not fortunate enough to escape.
While the singer might currently be on top of the world what with all-new music on the way and a successful recent turn on the Met Gala red carpet, but that doesn’t mean the teen idol  doesn’t still have some lingering nightmares over the ghosts of his outfits past. When asked recently by Racked if he’s had any fashion regrets over the years, Jonas admitted there was one era of his style in particular that still haunts him to this day.
RELATED PHOTOS: Nick Jonas Talks Racy Photos, and How His Girlfriend Feels About His Sex Scenes
RELATED VIDEO: Lea Michele Dream-Casts Her Own Real-Life Girl Squad—from Country Darling Maren Morris to Beyoncé

He told the site, “I mean, I think we all had an Ed Hardy phase, where you had the hat, and the T-shirt, and the shoes—and the jeans, if you were lucky! Head to toe. Dark times. But we gotta go through the fire to come out knowing what to wear without looking insane.”
But it wasn’t all fashion failures from the get-go, the pop star added that his first major splurge was a Maison Martin Margiela cardigan, enthusing, “I love Margiela’s stuff, but this was an incredibly bold piece, faded orange — like, you can only wear it once. It’s a lot.” He admitted, however, that he has hung on to the piece for sentimental reasons, though the same can’t be said of all that Christian Audigier garb.
What’s your biggest fashion faux pas? What do you think of Ed Hardy? Sound off below!
/n