Cruel Steve Harvey Insults Flint, Michigan Caller: 'Enjoy Your Brown Water!'/n
Steve Harvey is receiving serious backlash for a comment he made on his Wednesday morning radio show about the Flint water crisis, RadarOnline.com can reveal.
The comedian took a call on his Steve Harvey Morning Show from a male resident of Flint, Michigan, who told him that Cleveland didn’t “deserve jack” following the Cavaliers’ NBA finals loss to the Golden State Warriors.
As readers know, the outspoken Family Feud host once lived in Cleveland, which caused him to take offense to the caller’s comment.
PHOTOS: Naming Names! ‘WWHL’ Host Andy Cohen Reveals ‘Racist,’ ‘Nutty’ & Diva Celebrity Guests
An angry Harvey quickly started to attack the caller by criticizing his hometown.
A listener recorded the audio, in which Harvey is heard saying: “You from Flint? That’s why y’all ain’t even got clean water. When was the last time you touched water and it didn’t have lead in it?”
The comedian’s co-hosts are heard laughing in the background and at one point even tell Harvey to “reel it in” after his harsh comments.
“I wasn’t talking about the city of Flint, I was talking about him,” Harvey said of the radio show caller.
PHOTOS: David Letterman ‘Late Show’ Finale! 5 Must-See Moments From Legendary Talk Show Host’s Last Program
Still furious, he added, “He going to call in, say Cleveland don’t deserve jack, and he over there bathing in all that silver water.”
The anonymous caller stayed on the line without speaking, as Harvey took one last swing at him before leaving: “one more thing… Enjoy your nice brown glass of water.” The caller then hung up.
As readers know, Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette announced on Wednesday that involuntary manslaughter charges were filed for five officials in connection with the Flint water crisis. As of now, 15 people have been charged for their roles in the scandal, which left at least 12 people dead.
PHOTOS: Bob Barker, Bob Eubanks & More — The Secret Lives Of TV’s Game Show Legends
As Radar has reported, Harvey has long been known for explosive outbursts.
In January, he was caught on tape making racist comments about Asian men.
A former employee threatened to release tapes of the TV star making explosive racist comments, but a judge slapped the worker with a gag order in February.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n