Kid Actors' Most Memorable Awards Show Moments: Stranger Things, Puppy Purses, Jacob Tremblay and More There's nothing strange about Millie Bobby Brown getting 2017 SAG Awards nomination—the 12-year-old star stole the show in Netfl.../n
There's nothing strange about Millie Bobby Brown getting 2017 SAG Awards nomination—the 12-year-old star stole the show in Netflix's Stranger Things. Brown picked up a nod in the same category as her costar Winona Ryder and the two are also up for an award with their entire cast in the Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series category. You know what that means? More viral awards show moments. But, they're not the first batch of youngins to get their precocious act on at awards shows. It's time for a trip down memory lane.The Stranger Things kids generated headlines at virtually every awards show they attended. The Netflix sci-fi series gripped the world when it premiered in July and things haven't slowed down since.

Wherever Brown and Co. go, selfies happen. The pint-sized Stranger Things stars delighted the A-listers they met, probably just as much as they were in meeting the likes of Anna Kendrick and Reese Witherspoon. This act continued at the 2017 Golden Globes where the Stranger Things kids continued their celebrity meet and greet tour.

While he didn't receive an Academy Award nom (Larson took home an Oscar for her role), he did take the stage and told host Chris Rock he loved him in Madagascar. The Oscars fun didn't stop there—he got to meet several Star Wars players, including R2-D2, C-3PO and newcomer BB-8. Oh yeah, Stars Wars: The Force Awakens hero Daisy Ridley was also there. The pictures? Just adorable.Plus, there are his dance moves that routinely came out at after-parties. Never forget. Side note: "Uptown Funk" was everywhere a year ago.

The Oscars are big place for kids to make splashes. Who can forget Oscar nominee Quvenzhané Wallis' puppy purse. Yes, the puppy purse. How many articles are out there about the Beasts of the Southern Wild star's puppy purse? So many. And for good reason. It's an iconic look. Wallis brought out a cat purse at the 2013 MTV Movie Awards too. Is it time to bring these stuffed animal satchels back? Yes. Maybe.

Brown and her Stranger Things costars have a long history of kids creating viral awards show moments to uphold, but evidence suggests they will not disappoint.
/n