Corey Feldman Pops The Question To GF Courtney Anne After Fearing Immigration Laws Under Donald Trump Would Send Her Back To Canada/n

She said yes!
Corey Feldman popped the question to longtime girlfriend Courtney Anne over the weekend as the two celebrated their fourth anniversary together! How exciting!
People reports the two were vacationing in Palm Springs when the 45-year-old decided to take the plunge for fear President-Elect Donald Trump's new immigration laws would send the aspiring model back to Canada.
Although that's not the most romantic reason, the former child actor made it a sweet moment with a middle school-style note.
He gushed to the outlet: 
"I was of course a bit nervous, as any man will admit, you never truly know what a woman is thinking. So as much as I assumed she would be happy and say ‘yes,' there's always that insecure part of my brain that regresses immediately to my childhood and thought maybe not."
Adding:

"So I kinda chickened out and did a written proposal by writing a note with two check boxes, one for yes and the other for no. Of course there was a ring in there with the note. Luckily she said ‘yes!'"
Awwz!
Related: Corey Returns To TODAY To Take A Stand Against Haters!
The 27-year-old blonde seemed very excited for the new chapter:
"She was very surprised, excited and started crying. She was surprised because we had both been so anti-marriage since we met. But seeing as she's Canadian and with [Donald] Trump coming in, we didn't want to risk being separated by new immigration laws. We both know that we make a good team, and don't want to be separated for any reason. So this is the best decision to protect our relationship."
And it sounds like we can expect a wedding sooner rather than later.
Feldman revealed:

"We are planning a small, secret wedding just for family, very soon. We will likely have a big public wedding for friends and media to attend within a year."
We'll await our invitation!
As you may know, the musician is a proud father to 12-year-old son, Zen, with whom he shares with his ex-wife Susie Sprague.
The Goonies star is focused on raising the preteen before he thinks about having more children with his new bride-to-be:

"I have always said I wanna make sure I get it right the first time, and [that] Zen comes out perfectly, well balanced, before I even think about taking on any more responsibility."
He continued:

"Courtney is young and she has a career in modeling and music, she would rather keep her body in good shape for now. She's getting good practice with Zen. If we ever were to choose that option it would be much further down the road. Paul McCartney style."
Good to know!
Congrats and good luck, you two!!!
[Image via WENN.]/n