Chester Bennington's Widow Visits Mall After His Tragic Suicide Death/n
Talinda Bennington, the widow of Chester Bennington, ventured out for the first time since her husband’s shocking apparent hanging suicide.
Photographers spotted Talinda visiting a mall near her home in Palos Verdes, California and being comforted by family members. As Radar has extensively reported, Bennington apparently killed himself at their home in Palos Verdes; he was found dead at age 41 on Thursday, July 20.
PHOTOS: Gone Too Soon! 10 Shocking & Unexpected Celebrity Deaths
While the official cause of death hasn’t been released yet, it is believed that Bennington hanged himself in his house.
The Linkin Park frontman and Talinda, an ex-Playboy model, had three children together – Tyler Lee, 11, and Lila and Lily, 6.
Talinda was seen holding the hand of one of her twin daughters and also hugging another little girl who was reported to be another family member.
Bennington’s widow was dressed in a blue tee shirt, black leggings, and black flip flops with dark sunglasses perfect to hide her emotion.
The rocker and Talinda got married in 2005 after being set up by their pal, musician Ryan Shuck.
PHOTOS: See 25 Photos Of Evidence That Got Jodi Arias Convicted Of Murder
As Radar has reported, Bennnington’s friends were devastated to learn of his suicide.
Bennington, who was open about his battles with addiction and mental issues, was lifelong best friends with late Soundgarden singer Chris Cornell, who would have turned 53 years old today on the day Bennington died–had he not committed suicide in May in May. In an eerie twist, Bennington even sang at Cornell’s L.A. funeral.
By all accounts, Bennington was deeply affected by Cornell’s death.
Bennington gave a final eerie interview before his death in which he mused that he could “give up and die” or fight on in life.
PHOTOS: Inside George Michael’s Home — See Where The Singer Died
The L.A. County Coroner revealed about Bennington’s death, “It was reported to the coroner as a suicide by hanging, but until we do the autopsy we cannot release a final cause of death.”
Meanwhile, wife Talinda is seeking comfort from family members and giving love to her kids with Bennington during the extremely difficult time.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night.
  /n