Is Selena Gomez Engaged to The Weeknd?/n
It’s that time of the week again when the celebrity weeklies hit the newsstands. To separate what’s real and rumor, we turned to our friends at Gossip Cop for the 411 on this week’s most controversial stories.

Selena Gomez and The Weeknd are engaged, reveals OK! on the cover of its latest issue. The publication reports The Weeknd recently told Gomez at Coachella that “he could see himself spending the rest of his life with her” and that they’re “soul mates.” For how he romantically proposed to Gomez, click over to Gossip Cop.
Kensington Palace has confirmed a royal wedding for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, reveals OK!. The magazine reports the redheaded royal was “shocked” his grandmother Queen Elizabeth II so readily approved the marriage, and notes the “spectacular $20 million celebration” is set for September. For more exclusive details about the wedding, see what a palace insider leaks to Gossip Cop.
Brad Pitt has “stopped” Angelina Jolie’s upcoming wedding to a wealthy Brit, reveals In Touch. The magazine says Pitt is “torpedoing the nuptials” because he doesn’t know if Jolie’s “husband-to-be is suitable enough to be around” their kids. For whether the actor is actually trying to win Jolie back, see what a Pitt pal admits to Gossip Cop.
Taylor Swift is “hiding in shame” following her high-profile breakups from Tom Hiddleston and Calvin Harris, and she’s not only shunning the public but also her famous friends, reports the National Enquirer. The publication notes she “hasn’t returned texts or emails” even from members of her squad. For what’s shockingly going on, see what Swift’s pals tell Gossip Cop.
Sofia Vergara’s marriage to Joe Manganiello is “over” after she was caught cheating, announces Star. The magazine reveals the divorce comes on the heels of Vergara “getting cozy with another man” last month in Rome. After Manganiello saw the “humiliating” photos, he was “devastated.” For when Vergara and Manganiello will officially split, see what their reps confirm to Gossip Cop.
/n