Aaron Carter Hospitalized After Being 'Body-Shamed' By Fans/n
Aaron Carter was hospitalized after he claimed he was body-shamed by fans.
After performing in concert, the pop star told fans via Twitter  “Lots of shows lately had to head up to the ER just to get a little check up,” sharing photos of himself in a wheelchair and a hospital bed.
“I’ll recover,” he wrote before promising to “work on getting bigger physically.”
PHOTOS: Shameful Sisters! Khloe & Kourtney Kardashian Ignore Kanye West’s Hospitalization
The shocking hospital visit followed Carter going on a Twitter rant about haters of his skinny body.
Following his concert in Syracuse, New York, the “Crush on You” singer Tweeted after he overheard fans making negative comments about his weight.
Last month, Carter, 29, said he was diagnosed with a hiatal hernia at the age of 19, saying the medical condition makes it difficult for him to eat.
PHOTOS: She ‘Exhaustion’ Excuse? 10 Celebrities Who Were Suddenly Hospitalized For Mental Health Issues
On Thursday night, Carter took to Twitter, writing, “I’m entirely hurt by a so-called fan that I just encountered. She wasn’t realizing I was listening, she said I look like I have cancer. This is body shaming. You guys are bullying me. I’ve already addressed my medical issues. #bodyshaming.”
Making things worse for Carter, a solo artist whose brother Nick is in the Backstreet Boys, his father Bob died on May 16, five years after their sister Leslie Carter died of a drug overdose at age 25.
“I’ve literally had the hardest week of my life, my dad past [sic] away my late sisters birthday anniversary was June 6th & people #BodyShame me,” Carter wrote on Thursday.
PHOTOS: Medical Crisis! Jenelle Evans Hospitalized In NYC For ‘Brain & Spine’ Problems
Hours later, the “Aaron’s Party” singer told fans about going to the ER, tweeting, “these shows are crazy lately gotta make sure I stay strong.”
As Radar readers know, it’s not the first time Carter has gone on a Twitter rant. Carter wrote that he was the “white Michael Jackson” because the King of Pop had “passed the torch” to him.
In 2011, Carter checked into rehab for “emotional and spiritual issues” his spokesman said.
PHOTOS: Yoko Ono Looks Worse For Wear After Recent Hospitalization
Carter has posted photos on Twitter of himself eating to prove to fans there is nothing wrong other than his diagnosed medical issue of a hiatal hernia.
On Saturday, seeming to be calming down from the body shaming, the pop star, who also has appeared on Dancing with the Stars, tweeted some words from pastor Joel Osteen, who noted, “It’s easy to get negative because you get beat down…ur attitude is going to determine how you live your life.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n