13 Shows You Should Binge-Watch Over the Long Thanksgiving Weekend/n





                    WATCH: Spend the Holidays with the Tanners in the 'Fuller House' Season 2 Trailer
                







The Fuller House Season 2 trailer is officially here!

 MORE >>





Put on your sweatpants, grab some snacks and cuddle up – it’s time to binge-watch a bunch of really addicting shows this weekend!

There’s no better way to enjoy the long weekend than to finally binge-watch all of those series your coworkers have been talking about in the office. From the Stranger Things craze to the highly anticipated Gilmore Girls revival, it’s only right you catch up to stay in the loop. In the process you’ll probably find yourself getting sucked into the depths of Netflix, but have no fear, we’ve rounded up the best series that you can actually finish before you head back to work on Monday.


2016 Emmy Awards: The Kids from 'Stranger Things'


































5 Photos »


Here are our picks:
1. Stranger Things (Netflix)





Seasons: 1
Why it’s so addicting: First of all, how can you not love Millie Bobby Brown? Second, the plot draws you right in. Winona Ryder plays the role of Joyce Byers; when her 12-year-old son, Will, goes missing things get… strange. As Will’s group of neighborhood friends do their own investigating, suddenly extraordinary mysteries start to come to the surface.
2. Black Mirror (Netflix)





Seasons: 3
Why it’s so addicting: A modern-day Twilight Zone, this anthology series doesn’t even require a love for sci-fi. Rather, if you’re constantly on your phone or computer, this show will have you hooked. Black Mirror focuses on modern day technology and all the dark consequences that can come with it.
3. The Night Of (HBO)





Seasons: 1
Why it’s so addicting: This mystery will have your head spinning. This eight-part mini series follows the horrific turn of events that occur after  college student Nasir “Naz” Khan meets a mysterious woman on a seemingly innocent night.
4. Master of None (Netflix)





Seasons: 2
Why it’s so addicting: Aziz Ansari hilariously executes a relatable and humorous series that follows his personal and professional life as well as his pursuit of a relationship.  Ansari’s comedic talents are really well displayed in this series, and it’s definitely worth a shot if you need a laugh.
5. Orange Is The New Black (Netflix)





Seasons: 4
Why it’s so addicting: In one of the first series that took Netflix by storm, Orange Is The New Black follows the life of Piper Chapman (Taylor Schilling) and her time in jail after her past catches up with her. During her sentence, she forms relationships, makes enemies, and witnesses all of the unusual happenings at Litchfield Correctional Facility.
6. Gilmore Girls: A Year In The Life (Netflix)





Seasons: 1
Why it’s so addicting: The follow up series to Gilmore Girls, this revival will consist of four 90-minute episodes, each named after a corresponding season. With high expectations of drama and wittiness, this is a must-watch over Thanksgiving break.  It will premiere on Nov. 25, so you still have a little bit of time to seriously binge-watch the original seven seasons on Netflix.
7. Good Girls Revolt (Amazon Prime)





Seasons: 1
Why it’s so addicting: This Amazon-original series is set in New York in the late 1960s, when a cultural revolution was sweeping through the free world. The series follows the lives of three female journalists who are on a mission to receive equal opportunities as the male writers at their magazine, News of the Week. As the young women move into uncharted territory, much more than their jobs are at risk.
8. Narcos (Netflix)





Seasons: 2
Why it’s so addicting: This Netflix original series takes on the infamous Medellín drug cartel in Narcos, which follows the rise and fall of Colombian kingpin Pablo Escobar and the Drug Enforcement Agency agents hunting him. There’s drugs, money, and a lot of action packed into this series. Not only is this series loosely based off true events, it is an interesting concept for a series as a whole.
9. Breaking Bad (Netflix)





Seasons: 5
Why it’s so addicting: This is a challenge to binge-watch in one weekend, but we guarantee you literally will cancel your plans to watch this show. A series that has received so much hype is worth the watch. After main character Walter White (Brian Cranston) learns he has terminal cancer and that his illness probably will ruin his family financially, he makes a desperate bid to earn as much money as he can in the time he has left by turning an old RV into a meth lab on wheels.
10. Freaks and Geeks (Netflix)





Seasons: 1
Why it’s so addicting: This is a classic easy-to-watch show. Watch young James Franco, Jason Segel, and Seth Rogan battle through their awkward stage in high school and all the experiences that come with it in this binge-worthy comedy.
11. The Get Down (Netflix)





Seasons: 1
Why it’s so addicting: The Get Down is a musical drama television series set in the South Bronx in the 1970s. If you’re a fan of hip-hop, Motown, or 70’s music in general, you will get addicted to this show fast. The series documents the rise of a new art form that includes hip hop and DJ-ing.
12. Fuller House (Netflix) 





Seasons: 1
Why it’s so addicting: IT’S THE REBOOT OF FULL HOUSE! Obviously it’s addicting! Get nostalgic while watching your favorite characters like Uncle Jesse (John Stamos) and Stephanie Tanner (Jodie Sweetin) back in action in the Full House revival.
13. Transparent (Amazon)





Seasons: 3
Why it’s so addicting: In this award-winning comedy series, a family’s former patriarch struggles to introduce herself as a woman to her grown children who are wrapped up in their own lives. With honesty and a lot of comedy thrown in, this is a must-watch.
/n