Serena Williams Fires Back After Tennis Tournament CEO Says Female Players 'Ride on the Coattails of Men'/n
 The CEO of one of the biggest joint tennis tournaments outside the Grand Slams is receiving backlash after making sexist comments during a Sunday morning news conference.  
Indian Wells CEO Raymond Moore told reporters on Sunday, just hours before the final matches of the BNP Paribas Open, that female tennis players are “lucky” and owe thanks to male tennis stars who have “carried” the sport.  
“In my next life when I come back I want to be someone in the [Women’s Tennis Association], because they ride on the coattails of the men,” the former pro tennis player said.   
“They don’t make any decisions, and they are lucky. They are very, very lucky. If I was a lady player, I’d go down every night on my knees and thank God that Roger Federer and Rafa Nadal were born because they have carried this sport. They really have.”  


The 69-year-old added that the WTA have some “very attractive prospects” and “the standard in ladies’ tennis has improved unbelievably.”  
When asked by a reporter whether he meant physical or competitive attractiveness, Moore said: “I mean both. They are physically attractive and competitively attractive   I think they’ve got   they really have quite a few very, very attractive players.”  
Moore’s comments didn’t sit well with tennis star Serena Williams, who he said is “arguably the best female tennis player of all time,” according to ESPN.   
“I think there is a lot of women out there who are more   are very exciting to watch. I think there are a lot of men out there who are exciting to watch. I think it definitely goes both ways. I think those remarks are very much mistaken and very, very, very inaccurate,” she said during a news conference, noting that there is no way Moore’s words could have been misconstrued.    
“You know, there’s only one way to interpret that. Get on your knees, which is offensive enough, and thank a man, which is not – we, as women, have come a long way. We shouldn’t have to drop to our knees at any point.”  


Disappointed in #RaymondMoore comments. He is wrong on so many levels. Every player, especially the top players, contribute to our success
— Billie Jean King (@BillieJeanKing) March 20, 2016

Former world no. 1 tennis star Billie Jean King also weighed in on Moore’s comments, tweeting that the CEO is “wrong on so many levels.”  
“Every player, especially the top players, contribute to our success,” she wrote.  


A hasty apology from Raymond Moore, on his "extremely poor taste and erroneous" comments from hours ago. pic.twitter.com/I4u935JRjJ
— Ben Rothenberg (@BenRothenberg) March 20, 2016

Williams lost to Victoria Azarenka at the tournament on Sunday. After the tournament, Azarenka said she was “trying not to think” about Moore’s comments.  
“Why can’t we just be happy and enjoy and support each other? Because that’s what the world is missing a little bit,” she said, according to ESPN. “It’s the support towards each other. Not just bashing and, oh, who is prettier or who is this, who has more who has less. Let’s just take care of each other.”   
Just hours after making the comments, Moore issued an apology, saying that his statements were “in extremely poor taste and erroneous.”  
“I am truly sorry for those remarks, and apologize to all the players and WTA as a whole. We had a women’s final today that reflects the strength of the players, especially Serena and Victoria, and the entire WTA. Again, I am truly sorry for my remarks.”  
k  However, on Sunday, professional tennis player Novak Djokovic told The Guardian that male tennis players deserve more prize money than female players because they bring in more viewers.  
“Obviously it’s a very delicate situation. Women deserve respect and admiration for what they are doing,” he said. “I applaud them for that, I honestly do. They fought for what they deserve and they got it.  
“On the other hand I think that our men’s tennis world, ATP world, should fight for more because the stats are showing that we have much more spectators on the men’s tennis matches.  
“As long as it’s like that and there is data and stats available upon who attracts more attention, spectators, who sells more tickets and stuff like that, in relation to that it has to be fairly distributed.”  
He added that women in the sport face more challenges than men, namely “hormones.”  
“Their bodies are much different to men’s bodies. They have to go through a lot of different things that we don’t have to go through,” he told The Guardian “You know, the hormones and different stuff, we don’t need to go into the details.”
/n