Mel B Awarded Restraining Order Against Estranged Husband Amid Claims of Abuse, Exploitation/n





                    Mel B Confirms Partial Spice Girls Reunion
                







"The other two bitches didn't want to do it"

 MORE >>





Spice Girl Mel B (Melanie Brown) was awarded a restraining order from her estranged husband, Stephen Belafonte, on Monday (Apr. 3, 2017) after claiming that he was sexually and physically abusive.

TMZ reports that Belafonte brutally beat Brown, forced her into having three-ways with other women, and threatened to release sex tapes of her. The singer’s declaration recounts several specific instances of abuse, including the night of her Dancing with the Stars finale in 2007 when Belafonte placed his hands around her neck, started choking her, and slammed her down onto the hardwood floors. Brown says that this was how he would measure control — he would “beat me down to let me know he was in charge.”
She also claims that Belafonte impregnated their nanny and that he wanted them to live with the nanny to raise the child. Brown says that he ultimately forced the nanny to get an abortion and that he paid the nanny in excess of $300,000 out of her earnings “for alleged nanny services.”
In 2014, Brown says she took an entire bottle of Aspirin when she was overcome with “emotional and physical exhaustion.” When she tried calling emergency services, Belafonte blocked her from doing so by throwing her in the bedroom, locking the door, and telling her to “die, bitch.” Belafonte would allegedly force her to participate in sexual intercourse with him and “random women” and that he would secretly record their affairs. When she resisted three-ways, he would threaten to release the sex tapes to the public that were filmed without her knowledge.


Spice Girls: Then & Now


































5 Photos »


Brown says that she tried to leave Belafonte several times, but he “threatened me with violence and threatened to destroy my life in every possible way … destroy my career and take my kids from me.”
The singer asserts that her estranged husband possessed a gun in their home even though the law prohibits him to do so given a former domestic violence conviction involving another woman. The Department of Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms served a search warrant on Belafonte on Friday (Mar. 31, 2017) after his brother also claimed that he had a gun. Though Brown claimed that he kept the firearm in a lockbox in his bedroom closet, the agents did not find a gun.
Under Brown’s restraining order, Belafonte was ordered to leave their family home in Hollywood Hills after he went to the house on Monday afternoon to pack up his personal belongings. He told TMZ’s photographers outside of the house that the allegations were “untrue.’ The restraining order also protects the couple’s three children from Belafonte.
/n