‘Titanic’ Composer James Horner Dead in a Plane Crash, Celebrities React/n





                    Kate Winslet: Leonardo DiCaprio Is the "Love of My Life"
                







 Their love will go on. 

 MORE >>





The man who gave us the emotional “My Heart Will Go On” has died in a plane crash. He was 61. 
James Horner, the Oscar-winning composer of Titanic, died after his plane crashed near Santa Barbara, Calif. on Monday (June 22, 2015).
In the hours after reports surfaced that a plane, registered to Horner, had gone down, his death was confirmed by Syliva Patrycja, his assistant, who wrote an emotional message on her Facebook page.


'Titanic' Stars: Where Are They Now?








































12 Photos »


We have lost an amazing person with a huge heart, and unbelievable talent. He died doing what he loved. Thank you for all your support and love and see you down the road.
In response to the tragic events, Hollywood paid tribute to the Oscar winner on Twitter as they extended their condolences to Horner’s family.

Brilliant Composer James Horner, friend & collaborator on 7 movies has tragically died in a plane crash. My heart aches for his loved ones.
— Ron Howard (@RealRonHoward) June 23, 2015


There is nothing that shaped my movie-going experience more than the musical genius of James Horner. He will live on through the ages.
— Rob Lowe (@RobLowe) June 23, 2015



Incredibly saddened to hear about the loss of James Horner. I grew up loving his work. He leaves behind a spectacular musical legacy.
— Seth MacFarlane (@SethMacFarlane) June 23, 2015


“Rene and I are deeply saddened by the tragic death of James Horner. We will miss him.” http://t.co/7BRTs0phWD
— Celine Dion (@celinedion) June 23, 2015



To work with James Horner was one of the biggest moments of my life. He was such a kind soul, I’m so saddened
— Leona Lewis (@leonalewis) June 23, 2015


My sincere condolences to the family, loved ones and friends of James Horner. #abeautifulmind
— Russell Crowe (@russellcrowe) June 23, 2015



R.I.P James Horner. U were one insanely gifted composer and writer. Braveheart, Avatar, Titanic-ur music was inspiring & will continue 2 be
— OneRepublic (@OneRepublic) June 23, 2015


#JAMES HORNER composed the score to Volunteers, the movie that @tomhanks & I did in 1985. Beautiful score. Prayers 4 James and his family.
— Rita Wilson (@RitaWilson) June 23, 2015


The 61-year-old took home two Oscars for his work on Titanic, for both score and writing the hugely popular theme song to the film “My Heart Will Go On,” sung by Celine Dion.
He was also the composer behind the soundtrack of movies such as Braveheart and A Beautiful Mind, and was currently working on the score to the two sequels to Avatar.
Our thoughts go out to Horner’s family and friends during this difficult time. His legacy will live on forever.





/n