the same as it was in the movie. The School of Rock TV show (scheduled to begin production this fall and will premiere in spring of 2015) centers on Dewey Finn, a down-on-his-luck rocker who poses as a substitute teacher at a prestigious pre.../n
Are you ready to rock?Nickelodeon just ordered School of Rock, a 13-episode series based on the 2003 movie of the same name, and we can barely contain our excitement! Also, we can't stop quoting the decade-old movie now. ("You're tacky and I hate you" is still one of our go-to insults.)Unfortunately, Jack Black isn't set to reprise his movie role on the show, though the part is pretty much the same as it was in the movie. The School of Rock TV show (scheduled to begin production this fall and will premiere in spring of 2015) centers on Dewey Finn, a down-on-his-luck rocker who poses as a substitute teacher at a prestigious prep school as he teaches his eccentric, unconventional and overachieving students to play and love rock ‘n' roll. That sounds kind of familiar, right?While casting for the series will be announced shortly, we decided to help Nickelodeon out by dreamcasting who should take over Black's role on the show. Yeah, you're welcome!

5. Jerry Trainor: Not only has Nickelodeon's golden boy Trainor proved he's capable of physical comedy and goofy, loud shenanigans on iCarly, but he's also got a connection to the original movie! Trainor played Miranda Cosgrove's older brother on iCarly, and everyone remembers Cosgrove's hilarious role as overachieving-but-tone-deaf Summer. So that's kind of perfect.

4. Jason Segel: Yeah, Segel's made the switch to movies after How I Met Your Mother ended its nine season run, but how great would it be to see him back on our TV screens next year? We'll answer that for you...so great!

3. Jorge Garcia: Admit it, you still miss seeing Hurley once a week (yeah, we're bringing up Lost and we regret nothing). Plus, Garcia can totally pull off the right rocker and slacker vibes for Dewey that Black made so popular back in '03.

2. Rebel Wilson: Who says that Dewey has to be a guy? It would be awesome to see Wilson take on this role, but only as long as she can speak in her native Australian accent. Let's never speak of Super Fun Night again, please and thank you.

1. Ryan Gosling: And who says that Dewey has to be a schlub? We'd be that much more inclined to tune into School of Rock if it gives us yet another reason to stare at Gosling. Sorry, we're not sorry (and you know you agree!).The Hollywood Reporter first reported this story.
/n