Chris Harrison Breaks His Silence on ‘Bachelor in Paradise’ Scandal/n





                    10 Celebrity Love Lives We Wish We Could Watch Play Out on TV Like 'The Bachelor'
                







As long they're hosted by Chris Harrison, we'd definitely tune in.

 MORE >>










                    Chris Harrison Exiles the Worst Contestant in 'The Bachelorette' History
                







Chris Harrison is a hero.

 MORE >>





Chris Harrison has a few things to say about the sex scandal that shook the Bachelor Nation.

Just days after Warners Bros. shut down production of Bachelor in Paradise over allegations DeMario Jackson had sexually assaulted Corinne Olympios while she was intoxicated, the longtime ABC host broke his silence and confirmed filming has halted indefinitely as the incident is being investigated.
“By now, no doubt, you have heard that we have suspended production on this season’s Bachelor in Paradise. I can confirm to you that this is sadly the case. Out of respect to all involved, there’s only so much I can and will say at this time. Normally with a situation like this I would not say anything until the incident is fully resolved, but with all the rumors and misinformation being put out there, I don’t find that to be possible anymore,” his statement, which was obtained by People, read.


ranking 'the bachelorette' contestants








































12 Photos »


“Let me start by saying the safety and care of the cast and crew of our show is of the utmost importance to us. It is with this thought in mind that we made the decision to suspend filming. An investigation into the situation was started immediately,” he continued. “Warner Bros. is handling the details of that investigation. They’re moving quickly to gather all the facts, and once that’s done, a clear, concise decision can be made about where we go from here.”
“There are a lot of competing details in the various press accounts of the incident. And there’s a lot of misinformation out there too. We urge everyone to be patient until the investigation is complete,” he added. “I know in this day and age we want — and even expect — immediate answers, but in this case, it’s just not possible. So again, I urge you to please be patient and respect the privacy of the parties involved. I will keep you as informed and up to date as I possibly can. We’re sorry for any inconvenience and disappointment this may have caused the cast, the crew and our loyal fans. It is my sincere hope that we can come to a quick resolution on this and get back to work very soon.”
As reported, an anonymous field producer filed a complaint claiming crew members did not stop DeMario from engaging in sexual activities with an inebriated Corinne, arguing he had failed to get proper consent given his co-star’s level of intoxication. DeMario was allegedly “rubbing, touching and fingering” Corinne and allegedly licked her genitals while in a swimming pool.



A post shared by Corinne Olympios (@colympios) on Jan 21, 2017 at 11:57am PST



Since the complaint, Warner Bros. has launched an internal investigation into the matter.
Though some insiders claim Corinne was lucid during the explicit encounter, TMZ reports the Bachelor fan-favorite — who gained notoriety for outrageous antics during Nick Viall’s season — was “stumbling drunk, eyes closed, slurring badly and wearing her clothes inside out” even after the incident.
“She was on a whole other level,” a source told the publication.
On the other hand, DeMario’s camp is refuting rumors he had touched Corinne without her consent, telling TMZ Corinne was the one who instigated the sexual activities. They also claim Corrine was getting along with DeMario the following day until a producer called them in to discuss the footage taken from their hook-up.



A post shared by Corinne Olympios (@colympios) on Feb 2, 2017 at 10:59am PST



/n