Back At It! Beyonce Battling Over Blue Ivy Trademark Just Days After Giving Birth/n
Beyonce just gave birth to her twins last week, but that hasn’t stopped her from taking care of business! The spitfire mother-of-three took a quick break from mommy duties to send her lawyers back to court in the nasty battle over the trademark for her daughter’s name, Blue Ivy Carter. According to court documents filed on Tuesday, June 19, in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and exclusively obtained by RadarOnline.com, Queen Bey is demanding that the appeal board dismiss the opposition filed by Veronica Morales, the owner of an event planning company named Blue Ivy.
PHOTOS: Drugs, Cheating & Divorce Shockers: Jay Z & Beyonce’s Marriage Claims To Be Exposed In Juicy Tell-All
Beyonce filed an application earlier this year to own the name “Blue Ivy Carter” in which Morales then filed an opposition to, demanding the pop star be shut down and not granted the name. But the singer isn’t giving up and is pleading with the court to have Morales’ opposition thrown out.
Morales’ pointed out in her earlier opposition that the singer’s husband, Jay-Z, gave an interview to Vanity Fair where he said on record they had no intention of using the Blue Ivy trademark to sell any products, but only wanting to obtain the mark to prevent others from profiting off their first daughters name.
PHOTOS: Secret Feud! Kanye’s Evil Plot To Upstage Beyonce Exposed
But in Bey’s June 19 filing, the singer fires back, denying the allegations made by Morales’ based off of the Vanity Fair interview, explaining that the article speaks for itself but rejects Morales’ assessment of Jay-Z’s state of mind from her reading of the story.
Beyonce also argues Morales failed to oppose her trademark application by the deadline and is requesting the trademark office dismiss the event planner’s opposition and grant her the Blue Ivy Carter trademark.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n