EXCLUSIVE! Going to the Movies With Luke Evans: Watch Him Sing "Tomorrow" From Annie! I Love My Popcorn: "Sweet. I don't like the way Americans do it. You put salt and melted butter and it's like, ugh!" My Favor.../n
Luke Evans wants to have dinner with Darth Vader.He also has a soft spot for Little Orphan Annie. And don't you dare put salt and butter on his popcorn.The hunky British actor is the latest celeb to sit down for E! News' "Going to the Movies With" series.Evans will next be seen in The Girl on the Train, director Tate Taylor's big screen adaptation of the best selling novel of the same name. Emily Blunt stars in the film as an alcoholic who befriends a man (Evans) to help solve the case of his missing wife (Haley Bennett).The movie is a suspenseful thriller that will give you all kinds of creepy feelings. "Going to the Movies With Luke Evans" will give you all kinds of happy feelings.

I Love My Popcorn: "Sweet. I don't like the way Americans do it. You put salt and melted butter and it's like, ugh!"My Favorite Movie Candy: "Haribo."My Favorite Animated Movie: "Beauty and the Beast is probably my second [Evans stars as Gaston in the upcoming live-action remake of the beloved musical]. The first, weirdly, I really like Cars."The Last Movie That Made Me Laugh Out Loud: "Melissa McCarthy in The Boss—hilarious!"

My Favorite Movie Line: "I may be a bastard, madam, but I'm a polite bastard."The Last Movie To Make Me Cry: "The last movie to make me cry was a moment in this film when Haley Bennett talks about her past, a moment which just tore me to pieces."The Movie That Scares Me the Most: "Paranormal Activity the first one. I can't watch s--t like that."

My Favorite Song From a Movie: [Singing] "The sun will come out tomorrow! Betcha your bottom dollar that tomorrow... I like that one. Annie's song! There's hope in that song."If I Could Have Dinner With Any Movie Character It Would Be: "Maybe Darth Vader? I want to see how he how he shovels that food in through that mask. I just want to see what's underneath it. Fascinating. Does he eat his food or not? Maybe he'll take his mask off and it's this tiny little head."The Girl on the Train is in theaters on Wednesday. (Both E! News and Universal Pictures are both part of the NBCUniversal family.)
/n