Lisa Marie's Nanny Tells All! Inside Her Dark Marriage/n
Lisa Marie Presley’s husband Michael Lockwood is currently being investigated for “disturbing” photos and videos of children found on his computer – but this isn’t the first time he’s been hit with shocking allegations! Court papers exclusively obtained by RadarOnline.com reveal the claims made against the exes by their former nanny.
Presley and Lockwood’s former postpartum caregiver for their twins Finley and Harper, 8, sued them for failure to pay wages, failure to allow rest breaks and failure to provide meal breaks.
READ THE BOMBSHELL LAWSUIT!
According to the complaint obtained from Los Angeles Superior Court, Christine White, who was employed from October 29, 2008 to May 3, 2009, acted as a “live-in employee” for the couple.
“Ms. White was regularly required to work more than 12 hours without at least a three-hour break wherein she was relieved of all duties,“ the August 24, 2009 filing read. “Ms. White was regularly required to work 24 hours straight without the required 12-hour break or being paid one and one half times Plaintiff’s regular rate.”
White also claims to have worked for more than five consecutive days in one week without 24 consecutive hours off and without overtime pay.
“Ms. White was regularly required to work more than five hours without a meal period of not less than 30 minutes and 10 hours without a second meal period without being compensated for an extra hour for each missed meal period,” the complaint continues.
She claims their motives amount to “malice” and the conscious disregard of her “rights.”
PHOTOS: Divorce Disaster! Desperate Lisa Marie Presley Moving Back To Graceland
White asked for a jury trial and for “unpaid wages, unpaid rest period compensation, unpaid meal period compensation, penalties, injunctive and other equitable relief, and reasonable attorney’s fees and costs.”
The disgruntled employee is seeking over $25,000 in damages.
In Presley and Lockwood’s response to the complaint, they deny the allegations made by White.
“White was allowed and permitted to take meal and rest breaks, and in fact took them,” the response filed on September 28, 2009 read.
The ex-couple fought back by accusing her of taking photos of their twin daughters despite their confidentiality agreement.
“White asked Presley and/or Lockwood if she could take pictures of their twin babies,” their counter complaint read. “Presley and/or Lockwood stated that they did not want pictures taken of the twin babies by White.”
Despite their wishes, White allegedly took approximately 164 photographs and one or more video-recordings of the twin babies, their household, guests and other employees, and more.
The case was dismissed with prejudice on January 22, 2010.
As readers know, Elvis Presley’s granddaughters have been placed in the care of California Department of Child and Family Services after Presley discovered “disturbing photos and videos of children” on Lockwood’s computer.
They will remain in custody until a March 17 court date.
“I was shocked and horrified and sick to my stomach,” Presley, 49, said in court papers filed in their divorce and custody battle.
Story developing.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n