House Representative Officially Requests The Impeachment Of Donald Trump! Is This The Beginning Of The End?/n

Donald Trump has been quite the "active" president so far — from destroying our healthcare to replacing the White House swamp with an oil refinery.
But after POTUS fired FBI Director James Comey, the man investigating his ties to Russia, then spilled top secret U.S. intelligence to Russian officials — well, that took the cake (the most beautiful piece you've ever seen) for some very upset congressionals.
Related: Jimmy Fallon Was 'Devastated' Over Backlash From Trump Interview!
Now, it looks like Trump's presidency might reach its climax prematurely (LOL) in light of his recent actions, as a House Representative has called for his impeachment!
On Wednesday morning, Rep. Al Green became the first member of Congress to officially request impeaching the Big Giant Peach.
The Democratic Rep. of Texas said it was the House's "duty" to take up impeachment, telling the House floor: 

"This is about my position. This is about what I believe. And this is where I stand. I will not be moved. The President must be impeached. For those who do not know, impeachment does not mean that the President would be found guilty. It simply means that the House of Representatives will bring charges against the President. It's similar to an indictment but not quite the same thing."
Yes! Let's get this reality show on the road — and out of the Oval Office!
The request comes after news broke of Trump asking Comey to drop an investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn back in February, a shady act that critics have called obstruction of justice.
Related: Barack Obama Thinks Trump Is A 'Bullshitter'
While Green's statement marks the first official request, Democratic lawmakers have been calling for impeachment over the past few months, like California Rep. Maxine Waters.
No Republicans have publicly voiced support for impeaching the President yet — so we'll see if this request gets the majority of support it needs from the House of Representatives to go forward.
Watch the clip (below) to hear Rep. Green's full request to level charges against the Big Cheeto!

CLIP: @RepAlGreen: "I rise today…to call for the impeachment of the President of the United States of America for obstruction of justice." pic.twitter.com/k3OMGcZbEF
— CSPAN (@cspan) May 17, 2017

[Image via C-SPAN.]
/n