 Lady Gaga Slams Madonna's Lack Of Talent: 'We're Different' — I Write My Own Music'.../n

The pop queens are back to battling! Lady Gaga had no problem bashing musical competition, Madonna, during an interview with Beats 1 Radio on Thursday, implying that she’s a lot more talented than her Material Girl predecessor.

When host Zane Lowe compared Gaga’s father struggles with Madge, the 30-year-old was quick to disagree — quite vehemently.

“There is another artist who has lived a very parallel existence,” Lowe said. “Based on this story, which I’m sure you can relate to. You know Madonna tells a very similar story. . .overprotective father. . . ‘Papa Don’t Preach.’ You know what I mean.”

Lady Gaga did not like that comparison one bit.


PHOTOS: Diva Showdown! Inside Britney & Madonna’s Tense Face-off At The Billboard Awards


“Madonna and I are very different,” she retorted. “Just saying. We’re very different. I wouldn’t make that comparison at all and I don’t mean to disrespect Madonna, she’s a nice lady, and she’s had a fantastic huge career, biggest pop star of all time. But I play a lot of instruments. I write all my own music. I spend hours and hours a day in the studio. I’m a producer. I’m a writer. What I do is different.”

“There is spontaneity to my work. I allow myself to fail. I allow myself to break. I’m not afraid of my flaws,” she continued, adding that she’s “not just rehearsing over and over again to put on a show.”

“I don’t mean that in a disrespectful way,” she added. “I just will not be compared to anyone anymore I am who the f**k I am and this is me. My life story is my life story, just like yours is. The thing is we all express things in different ways, but my rebellion at my father for him being angry with me, that has ended. It’s like finally I can bite back.” Yikes!


PHOTOS: Desperate Measures! Madonna ‘Deveined’ Wrinkly Skin With ‘Drastic’ Surgery, Docs Say


But this isn’t the first time to pop divas have gone head-to-head. As Radar reported, Madonna previously accused Gaga of ripping off her material, calling the singer’s “Born This Way” track a direct copycat of her “Express Yourself.”

In a 2014 interview, Gaga hit back with a backhanded dig, saying: “If I was an established artist, I would love to help younger artists.”

Do you think Lady Gaga was right or is she just mad about that past? Sound off in the comments below!


We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.
 /n