EXCLUSIVE! How Justin Bieber’s Spirituality Impacted His Purpose Tour Cancellation/n
Does the Biebs have a new Purpose?On Monday, Justin Bieber shocked fans when he cancelled the final 14 dates of his Purpose tour and broke teeny-boppers hearts all over the world. Some say he's suffering from exhaustion after a year and a half of touring, others have said he's doing some "soul searching," and now there's reports attributing his drastic move to his allegiance to pastor Carl Lentz's Hillsong Church.The Bieb's religious devotion is not news as it has been well chronicled over the years—he's spoken about it, he 's sung about it, he has tattoos about it. It's definitely not a secret.However, a source tells E! News that over the last year especially the "Sorry" singer has been very dedicated to the Hillsong Church and that it's helped him through some stressful times. But, the source adds that the tour being shut down early is not a result of his dedication to Hillsong, instead it's because he's "burnt out" from his constant touring.The insider continued that Bieber loves his family at Hillsong but that he's always felt that way. The source also said that it's at Hillsong where the 23-year-old has learned about having balance and loving himself and that's as a result of their practices.  Additionally, the insider says the Canadian's camp supports his decisions and the choices he makes in regards to his well-being.

Another source affirmed the same sentiment, telling E! News, "Justin’s definitely done some soul searching lately but it was his own decision to cancel the tour. It’s been hectic and that 'rock star' life doesn’t mix anymore with the life he wants to live."Another source also tells E! News that the Grammy winner has been leaning on Patrick Schwarzenegger for support during this transition in his life and wants to be around like-minded individuals like Patrick.The insider says that both Bieber and Schwarzenegger enjoy being involved in the church and have been hanging out a lot doing sober and relaxed activities together recently.

In a statement apologizing to fans, Bieber's longtime manager Scooter Braun wrote, "A man's soul and well being I truly care about came first and we must all respect and honor that. Justin will be back and I know he looks forward to performing for you and with you all again. One chapter ends and another begins."We hope he finds whatever he's looking for... 
/n