‘Teen Mom 2′ Star Kailyn Lowry Announces Third Pregnancy/n





                    'Teen Mom' Kailyn Lowry Addresses the Hurtful Rumors Surrounding Her Divorce
                







Read what she had to say

 MORE >>





Teen Mom 2’s Kailyn Lowry is pregnant with her third child.

The reality star officially broke the news on her blog on Thursday, Feb. 23.
“If you’ve googled my name the past few weeks, the speculation of so many things have surfaced – no one knows what’s true, what’s false and what really goes on in my day-to-day life,” Lowry began. “Since everyone can’t wait for the confirmation; here it goes. I am pregnant.”
She continued by expressing her discontent with the people who decided to exploit her.
“I’m sad that I should have known that people in my life would sell me out before I was ready,” she continued. “Like any normal person, I want it to be a happy time. I wanted this to be a private time so I could be excited while not getting chased by paparazzi and bothered with crazy headlines.”
Lowry said that she decided to wait to announce her pregnancy because she had “a lot of health complications” leading up to it and she wasn’t ready to release “such private information.”
“I didn’t want to announce just to have another miscarriage and suffer through another grief,” she continued in the post.


'Teen Mom' Farrah Abraham's Best Bikini Looks








































25 Photos »


“Of course, I was filmed on the show saying I didn’t want any more kids but I’m pregnant again. I know so many will have comments on this but here’s the thing — I didn’t want to bring another child into a failing marriage. Shortly after I started having complications, the option of having more kids was almost taken away from me. When I started thinking long and hard, I knew I wanted more. This was the choice I made.”
Lowry already has two children — Isaac Elliot, 7, with her ex-boyfriend Joe Rivera, and Lincoln Marshall, 3, with her ex-boyfriend Javi Marroquin. On the last season of Teen Mom 2, it was revealed that Lowry suffered a miscarriage in 2015 with what would have been her second child with Marroquin.
Read Lowry’s full announcement over on her blog.
/n