 Drug-Free & Three Years Sober: Inside Amanda Bynes' First Interview In Four Years.../n
Amanda Bynes is back and better than ever! The controversial star gave her first public interview in four years this morning, revealing that she’s three years sober and ready to return to the spotlight.
In a sit-down with Hollyscoop’s Diana Madison, previewed on Good Morning America, the 31-year-old addressed her infamous breakdown period — when she was slapped with two hit and run charges and two DUI arrests amid mental health issues and habitual marijuana use — explaining that the struggles she endured ultimately contributed to her decision to retire from acting.
Bynes was also twice placed under psychiatric hold and taken to a hospital between 2013 and 2014, the first time following an incident in which she allegedly set fire to a neighbor’s driveway.
PHOTOS: Stars Behind Bars! Hollywood’s Most Sensational Mug Shots REVEALED
But now, the former child star says she’s clean as a whistle and ready to perform again!
“I do miss acting and I have something surprising to tell you: I’m going to start acting again,” she revealed. “I want to do TV. Maybe a few guest spots on some shows that I’m a fan of and maybe another TV show where I’m the star of it.”
As Radar readers know, Bynes is busy attending the Fashion Institute of Design & Merchandising (FIDM).
“I am really loving school and I feel that I am learning a lot. I enjoy all of my classes and my teachers are excellent,” she told fans of her experience.
PHOTOS: Rare Sighting: Amanda Bynes Spotted For The First Time In Months!
In her interview with Madison, Bynes revealed that she’s learning “how to sew” and “make patterns.” In the future, the She’s The Man star says she hopes to create her own fashion line.
Interestingly, Bynes took personal responsibility for her past mistakes during the interview, instead of blaming her upbringing in the Hollywood spotlight.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n