EXCLUSIVE: Lindsay Lohan To Audition For Role In New 'Superman'/n
Amy Adams might have edged out Lindsay Lohan to nab the coveted role as Lois Lane in the Superman reboot, but the troubled actress’ hopes haven’t been completely dashed.
RadarOnline.com has learned Lohan, 24, will read for a role in the movie in front of producers sometime in the near future.
PHOTOS:   Lohan’s Family Album
“Lindsay plans to return from New York on Wednesday and meet with producers and read with an actor who is up for the role of Lex Luther,” a source close to the actress told RadarOnline.com.
The film’s powerbrokers remain interested in casting her in a role as a villain, RadarOnline.com has been told.
PHOTOS: Lindsay Lohan Goes On NYC Shopping Spree
Lohan had wanted the role of Superman’s love-interest Lois Lane, but is said to be excited with the news that producers are still considering her for another gig in the much anticipated film, despite all her issues.
“Lindsay said she would be ecstatic to be part of the Superman movie… it’s a dream of hers,” close pal Nathan Folks told RadarOnline.com when asked about the potential casting.
PHOTOS: Lindsay Lohan Back On The Red Carpet
He wouldn’t reveal more details.
But here’s the sticking point: the cast is set to start shooting in Vancouver in late August and the Mean Girls star could have other commitments, such as jail!
PHOTOS: Lindsay Lohan Shows Her True Spots In NYC Wednesday Night
“If Lindsay is found guilty of grand theft, she would inevitably be serving jail time which almost certainly would coincide with the production schedule,” one source close to the film said.
Another role that is close to being filled is that of Lex Luther, the power-mad archenemy of Superman.
PHOTOS: Couples We’d Like To See!
RadarOnline.com has learned fledgling actor Adam Harris, who bears a striking resemblance to Luther, is in the mix and has auditioned multiple times for producers.
Harris is scheduled to join Lohan for the read, suggesting the pair could be teamed together as villians.
EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: Lindsay Lohan — Jewelry Shopping, Different Store
Those who’ve already signed of the latest installment, tentatively called Superman: Man of Steel, include 27-year-old Henry Cavill as the lead Clark Kent/Superman and Kevin Costner and Diane Lane, who will star as Clark’s Earth parents, Jonathan and Martha Kent.
The film is being directed by Zack Snyder.
 
RELATED STORIES:
EXCLUSIVE:  Michael Lohan: I Don’t Want To Get Back With Dina
PHOTOS: Lindsay Lohan — Back On The Red Carpet & Looking Ravishing
PHOTOS: The Best, Worst & Wackiest Fashions Of The Kids Choice Awards Over The Years /n