‘American Horror Story’ Season 6 – Chapter 7 Recap/n





                    WATCH: 'American Horror Story' Boys Get Jumpy in Universal's 'AHS' Maze
                







Some of the stars from American Horror Story – namely Evan Peters...

 MORE >>





Warning! Spoilers ahead!

The documentary is over and the reality show has begun on this season of American Horror Story but the plot twists and grisly deaths show no signs of stopping. After all, we learned last week that all the house’s visitors die, except one before it’s all over.
Not long after Rory (Evan Peters) was stabbed to death by the spirits of the murderous nurses, Sidney (Cheyenne Jackson) and his crew are attacked by Agnes (Kathy Bates), in full-Butcher mode. Honestly, she pretty much dominates this episode.


Lady Gaga's Dive Bar Tour in NYC








































22 Photos »


We soon learned that Dominic (Cuba Gooding Jr.) really returned to the haunted house to serve as the cast’s antagonist and is planning to record his misdeeds with a hidden body-cam.
What really set this installment in motion was Agnes’ attack on Shelby (Lily Rabe), prompting Lee (Adina Porter), Audrey (Sarah Paulson) and Monet’s (Angela Bassett) excursion to find help. But just about everything that could go wrong did, including an appearance from the pig man, the revelation of Sidney and Rory’s deaths, oh, and another attack from Agnes and her giant cleaver.
The trio of women land in the home of he pot-growing Polks who are indeed cannibals. Like in the documentary, Audrey and Monet are forced to eat bits of their friend.
Back at the house, we learn that Matt (Andre Holland) only returned to the Roanoke home to see the Wood Witch (Lady Gaga) again, who he confesses to love before getting bludgeoned to death by his estranged wife. As Dominic and Shelby attempt to come up with a plan, Agnes shows up outside raving like the Butcher…that is until the real Butcher (Susan Berger) shows up with her ghostly band of colonists.


Sarah Paulson Talks 'American Crime Story' on 'IMDb Asks'








































28 Photos »


Before the actual Butcher sinks her own cleaver in the devout impostor’s head, Agnes cowers and says, “I’m sorry, I just wanted to be on TV.”
Will this low-key critique of reality TV continue as this season wraps up? And now that we know Bates isn’t the season’s baddie, does that honor fall to Berger? Or is another insidious villain still waiting in the wing?
Until next week!


Lady Gaga Arrives for Her 'Good Morning America' Appearance








































7 Photos »


/n