Saving Charlie Sheen — Inside His Booze-Fueled Death-Spiral/n
Charlie Sheen desperate and on a collision course with death, HIV-positive bad boy Charlie Sheen gave himself up to his parents’ care in a secret medical detox program, RadarOnline.com exclusively revealed.
An insider further exposed the sad details of Sheen’s downward spiral.
“Charlie has not worked in months, and has been on a bender since Christmas,” the source told Radar. “His parents were really starting to think that this was the end for him.”
PHOTOS: Is Charlie OK? Sheen Emerges After Six Weeks!
As Radar reported in December, Sheen’s Christmas plans included visiting his ex-wife and fellow trainwreck Brooke Mueller at a rehab facility in Salt Lake City.
Sheen’s booze and drug battle intensified after the holidays. Surrounded by enabling pals such as actor Tony Todd, his best friend and frequent houseguest, the has-been actor could “drink and do whatever he wants,” the insider said. “They never say no to him.”
The free rein led Sheen down a path that an insider described to The National ENQUIRER as a “suicide death wish.”
PHOTOS: Banged Up! Charlie CAUGHT With Mysterious Bandages On His Wrist & Knee
The bizarre antics included dressing up in Orthodox Jewish garb for a poorly-received Hanukkah blessing, a call to Senator Ted Cruz to team up for a 2020 White House run, and an unprovoked blast at former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani.
Rock bottom may have come when a tanked Charlie took a disastrous dip in his own aquarium and had to be fished out by his put-upon assistants, who were unable to revive several of actor’s traumatized fish.
When Todd left town for a month to work on an Atlanta movie set, Sheen’s parents — Janet and Martin Sheen — seized the opportunity to intervene.
PHOTOS: Broke Or BS? Charlie Sheen Drops $1Million On Mexican Estate
“With his friends out of the picture they thought this would be the perfect time,” the source told Radar. “And so far, he’s doing well.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n