‘Jersey Shore’ Feud! Deena Cortese Reveals Which Star Ditched The Cast/n
The cast of Jersey Shore reunited to film a commercial for Burger King, but one cast member was noticeably missing from the shoot. In an exclusive interview with RadarOnline.com, Deena Cortese tells all on their feud with cast member Ronnie Ortiz-Magro.
“I haven’t spoken to Ronnie in a long time,” Cortese told Radar. “I’m annoyed with him because he never reached out when my dad died, that was crazy to me.”
Although she revealed that co-star Vinny Guadagnino has stayed in touch with Ortiz-Magro, she admitted, “No one else has.”
Despite their estrangement, Cortese insists he should be part of the upcoming Jersey Shore reunion.
PHOTOS: TMI! Snooki’s 10 Grossest Moments In New Tell-All Revealed– Pocket Rockets, Tampon Strings & Five-Inch Nipples
“To be honest, I’m sure he will because it will be all of us,” she said. “I’m sure he will be involved. I can’t see him not being involved.”
As Cortese previously told Radar, the cast has been brainstorming ideas for a Jersey Shore reunion.
“Right now we are on board with getting the reunion started,” Cortese told Radar. “We’re throwing ideas around. We want to be back in the house together.”
She explained that while co-star Jenni Farley pitched having a “blast on an island,” other co-stars want to get a shore house for two weeks.
“We’re mature, but we still like to have fun,” she said. “Just cause some of us are married and have kids doesn’t mean we won’t go to clubs. We all still enjoy ourselves and have fun and go out.”
PHOTOS: Rosie O’Donnell’s Runaway Daughter’s New Life REVEALED! Moves Into Ramshackle Home With Heroin Dealer
She explained how while they would “love MTV to pick it up,” they are “down to go elsewhere.”
Nicole Polizzi, Farley, Sammi Giancola, Mike Sorrentino, Guadagnino, Pauly DelVecchio had a “little reunion” when they filmed for a commercial for Burger King.
“It was awesome being with everyone again,” she said, although Ortiz-Magro wasn’t included. “It was a family dinner in Burger King. It was so nice getting together.”
Does the feud surprise you? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n