Jessica Chastain’s $5.1 Million NYC Apartment Is Freakin’ Gorgeous/n





                    Jessica Chastain Says Chris Hemsworth Is a 'Great Kisser'
                







Kiss and tell!

 MORE >>










                    Jessica Chastain Opens Up About Her Boyfriend 
                







The actress gets candid about dating in Hollywood. 

 MORE >>





Proving that she’s living the good life, Jessica Chastain opens the door to her refurbished 19th-century apartment, which she bought in 2015 for a cool $5.1 million, in the latest issue of Architectural Digest. As with all celebrity homes, the A-lister’s stunning abode is a thing to marvel.

Just a stone’s throw away from Central Park, the luxuriously decorated residence boasts six — yes, six! — fireplaces, 14-foot ceilings, heavy mahogany doors and designer details like rugs and furniture from Ralph Lauren Home. Chastain’s 3,200 square feet sanctum also features swoon-worthy vintage pieces like a Venetian-glass chandelier from her old laundry room, a Swedish painted mirror and a Rock-Ola jukebox.
According to the Interstellar star, the property hits close to home — quite literally — as it’s located close to an old Italian restaurant she used to frequent back when she was a struggling actress crashing with two other roommates in a tiny pad.


10 Things You Didn't Know About Jessica Chastain








































10 Photos »


“My grandmother would send me $20 once a week for the baked ziti. So every Saturday night, as a big splurge, we’d go there,” she tells the publication. “I didn’t know until we saw the apartment, and I said, ‘Oh, my God, it’s right here.'”
Chastain reveals that she knew the place was meant for her when she learned that previous occupants include West Side Story composer Leonard Bernstein and musical theater icon Adam Guettel, whose 1999 record Myths and Hymns she admittedly plays whenever she feels homesick.
“As soon as I found out it was him, I felt like it was meant to be,” she recalls. “When I found out about all the other artists and actors who have lived here, I was in love.”
Take a tour of her home — below.


Jessica Chastain Gives 'Architectural Digest' a Tour of Her Apartment








































9 Photos »


/n