Rapper Nate Dogg Dead At 41/n
Rapper Nate Dogg has died at the age of 41, RadarOnline.com has learned.
PHOTOS: Celebs We Lost In 2010
Dogg — whose real name is Nathaniel D. Hale — passed away Tuesday  of unknown causes, although in recent years, he had suffered two  strokes.
He was paralyzed on one side of his body after a massive stroke in 2007 and in 2008, he suffered a second one.
PHOTOS: Gary Coleman Leaving Court In 2009
His good friend and musical collaborator, fellow rapper Snoop Dogg, posted on his Twitter page: “RIP NATE DOGG” and later added:
“We  lost a true legend n hip hop n rnb. One of my best friends n a brother  to me since 1986 when I was a sophomore at poly high where we met. I  love u buddy luv. U will always b wit me 4ever n a day u put the g n g  funk u put the 1 n 213 n u put yo stamp on evrybdy u ever didit wit.”
PHOTOS:  Corey Haim Through The Years
Snoop continued: “I miss u cuzz I am so sad but so happy I got to grow  up wit u and I will c u again n heaven cuz u know d slogan.” He added:  “all doggs go to heaven yo homie n baby brotha bigg snoopdogg!!”
Rapper  Ludacris said on Twitter: “There is a certain void in hip hop’s heart  that can never be filled. Glad we got to make history together.”
Comedian  Dave Chappelle also took to Twitter to talk about Hale’s passing,  writing: “Moment of silence for a hip-hop legend; RIP Nate Dogg. You  will be missed, G Funk Era forever. #natedogg.”
PHOTOS: Celebrity Death Threats
Hale — who  was born in Long Beach, California — got his start as a member of his  church choir and shot to popularity while recording with Snoop and  Warren G in a Long Beach-area band called 213. He later recorded with  Dr. Dre on The Chronic and appeared in Snoop’s Doggystyle.
He  released three solo albums: G-Funk Classics, Vol 1 & 2 in 1998,  Music And Me in 2001 and a self-titled LP in 2004, and was nominated for  four Grammys, most recently for Best Rap/Sung Collaboration in 2007 for  the Eminem song Shake That.
RELATED STORIES:
PHOTOS:  Celebs Who Have Done Jail Time
No Buyers For Gary Coleman’s House; Bank Reduces Price
Gary Coleman’s Death Ruled Accidental
  /n