PHOTOS: The Best, Worst & Wackiest Fashions Of The Week!/n
From big screen bombshells to music’s sexiest singers, stars hit the red carpet and the streets this week in the best, worst & wackiest fashions—and we aren’t just talking about Halloween costumes!  See all the sizzling and fizzling photos in RadarOnline.com’s weekly wardrobe feature.
PHOTOS: The Best, Worst & Wackiest Fashions Of The Week!
Rosario Dawson was Unstoppable at the Los Angeles premiere of her latest flick, scoring herself the best look of the week!  The big screen bombshell opted for a slate blue Stella McCartney gown, which Naomi Watts wore in fuchsia to the MET Costume Gala in May, showing off her long and lean legs via the sexy and dramatic side slit.
PHOTOS: Who Wore It Best? Naomi Watts Vs. Rosario Dawson
Though the Pretty Reckless jokes are getting old when it comes to Taylor Momsen, the 17-year-old actress-turned-singer was asking for Gossip when she hit the red carpet of the Tokidoki x Onitsuka Tiger Sneaker launch party in Hollywood on Tuesday. Little Jenny Humphrey looked like a cross between Courtney Love and Marilyn Manson, showing off her bra and panties underneath a lace romper and painting her face in truly goth style.
PHOTOS: Taylor Momsen And Other Stars Who Are Too Sexy, Too Young
Speaking of Love, the sassy singer looked like she crawled out of a Hole, wearing a wrinkled gown to an amfAR event in Hollywood.  Not exactly what we consider dressing to impress!  See her wacky wardrobe here.PHOTOS: Bikini Wars!  Sexy Stars Who Heat Up The Beach In Halloween Colors
Reese Witherspoon flawlessly fulfilled her duties as an Avon lady!  The southern belle stepped out to the beauty brand’s 10th Annual Avon Foundation For Women Gala in NYC, looking sweet as honey in a tres fem front-ruffled Jason Wu ensemble.
See Reese’s charitably chic look here.
PHOTOS: Bikinis!  Horror Hotties Strip Down
Also looking ladylike and lovely were Eva Mendes and Jessica Biel, who both made their directorial debuts at the Glamour Reel Moments event in Hollywood on Tuesday night. While Jess rocked a lacy and racy sheer Oscar de la Renta frock, Eva opted for a Mad Men-style Lela Rose embroidered strapless dress.
PHOTOS: Bikinis! Hollywood’s Sexiest Singles Strip Down
Paris Hilton stepped out in Los Angeles like it was the Haight-Ashbury in the 1960’s.  The usually blinged out heiress was dressed in hippy dippy threads, carrying her costume-clad pooches around like were designer handbags.
Don’t miss Paris’ fashion flop.  See it here.
PHOTOS: The Best Booty’s On The Beach
And Rihanna also experienced a fashion flop, stepping out in a look that no other Girl in the World would ever attempt to pull off!
From the glitzy red carpet to the city streets, find out who else rocked and shocked on the fashion front this week in RadarOnline.com’s weekly feature. /n