The 10 Best New Songs of the Week: Tacocat, Drake, Marissa Nadler, VÉRITÉ, and More/n





                    More Great New Songs
                







Listen to last week's Best New Songs!

 MORE >>





Looking for new tunes? We’ve got you covered.

So much new music is released each week that it’s impossible to hear it all. Not that you’d want to; a lot of it isn’t so hot. But let us help simplify your search for new sounds with a roundup of the week’s 11 best new songs. Trust us. We have good taste. (And check out last week’s collection if your hunger has still not been sated.)
Marissa Nadler – “All the Colors of the Dark”





A small cheat: technically, technically, this song was not released this week. (It was released March 23.) But I’ll allow it, and not just because I can do whatever I want. “Colors” is worth a mention because it is the second track from Nadler’s upcoming Strangers that has inspired in me a thirsty frenzy for more, more, more. (The first was the so-good-I’m-still-obsessing “Janie in Love.”) “Colors” is slow, dreamy, haunting, cinematic — Lynchian, you could say — and, ultimately, straight-up gorgeous. – Matt
Drake – “Pop Style” (Feat. The Throne)

Drake – Pop Style Feat. The Throne now available on iTunes: https://t.co/Iqs5KTxKPG #VIEWS @AppleMusic pic.twitter.com/jIYg5y3GeE
— Drizzy (@Drake) April 5, 2016
Puns on Channing Tatum and throwbacks to Justin Timberlake earworms all in one song? Wow, Aubrey Graham. What have we done to deserve such a treat? Though people are mad that it only features a two-verse snippet from Jay Z, we all have to chill out and remember that Hova has a lot on his hands while he’s proofreading all of Beyoncé’s tour tee-shirts, as to avoid a “Purose” World Tour-type malfunction. – Mia
Skylar Grey – “Moving Mountains”





A softer and more folky Skylar Grey is featured on her new song “Moving Mountains.” The track features minimal instruments and bare vocals which showcase Grey at her very best. This song makes me very excited for her first album. – Michael
Explosions in the Sky – “Wilderness”

What a way to come back. Almost five years since their last non-soundtrack album, Explosion in the Sky’s new record is probably their best one yet. The LP’s opener, “Wilderness,” draws you in the moment the first sweeping crescendo hits. Excuse me as I add this onto my playlist titled, “Music That Makes You Feel Things Without Words.” – Gabi
Tacocat – “I Love Seattle”





Tacocat is a palindrome, which means you get the same result whether you spell the word forward or backward. This makes sense, because Tacocat’s new LP, Lost Time, is a delight from start to finish, from finish to start. But this is Best New Songs, not Best New Albums, so I had to make a single-song selection. My choice: “I Love Seattle.” My reasons are many in number. Here are a few: 1) Seattle was once my home and so makes me feel that thing they call nostalgia, 2) I revel in the timely, New Yorker article-referencing lyrics, “earthquake / tsunami / there’s still no place I’d rather be,” and 3) it’s just as catchy and punchy as the album’s lead single, “I Hate the Weekend.” Give ‘er a listen, and then go give all of Lost Time a spin. – Matt
Broods – “Free”





New Zealand duo Broods have a new song “Free” off their forthcoming second album, and it’s another banger. Definitely be forewarned, however, if you’re afraid of snakes because one comes out of nowhere in their otherwise super cool, furutistic music video. – Kaitlyn
Skizzy Mars ft. JoJo – “Recognize”





I’ve been a fan of Skizzy Mars since he was 17 and sampling Crystal Castles, so it’s really refreshing to see the rapper finally starting to get some recognition for his work years later. His latest song masterfully blends synths and guitars with vocals provided by JoJo, who herself is coming back onto the scene after a 10-year absence. If I were a tween these days, I would totally put this on a mixtape for my crush. Kids still do that these days, right? – Gabi
Margaret Glaspy – “Emotions and Math”





“Oh, when I’ve got you by my side, everything’s alright,” begins Margaret Glaspy’s “Emotions and Math,” which finds its narrator counting the moments until her true love comes back. If Lucinda Williams sang over guitar written and arranged by St. Vincent, the result might be something close to this. - Matt
Vérité – “Constant Crush”

Vérité’s latest song “Constant Crush” off her forthcoming Living EP is so soothing and poppy that you’ll be playing it on loop. Her vocals are so refreshing, gorgeous and just moody/brooding enough. I can’t wait to hear her new EP when it comes out next month on May 6 – she’s for sure one to watch. – Kaitlyn
Weezer – “(Girl We Got A) Good Thing”





I take back what I said about “California Kids” being my summer jam. Packed with songs that make you want to go cruising down the PCH with the top down, Weezer’s new album is my summer jam. “(Girl We Got A) Good Thing” is very much Beach Boys’ Pet Sounds for the modern era, so that pretty much will give you an idea what you’re in for. – Gabi
Come back next week (and not a moment before then! JK!) for another batch of fresh music.
/n