EXPOSED: Hillary Secretly Took Cash From Firm Who Won Shady $418M Kenyan Arms Deal/n
Hillary Clinton is off the campaign trail, but the scandals keep coming!
RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned that the disgraced politico secretly took cash from a New York-based weapon manufacturer – one who coincidentally secured a shady $418 million deal on the last day of the Obama Administration!
A world exclusive Radar investigation uncovered troubling links between Clinton and L3 Technologies, an arms manufacturer that recently won a megabucks deal to provide 14 warplanes to Kenya. Other high-ranking Democrats such as John Kerry, the late Ted Kennedy and his son Patrick were also implicated in the probe.
According to Federal Election Commission records exclusively obtained by Radar, L3 Technologies’ political action committee directly donated to Clinton as far as back as 2005.
What’s more, Radar discovered, in other instances, L3’s PAC (political action committee) contributed funds to other PACs that then funneled money to Clinton.
For instance, on April 23, 2007, and again on Feb. 21, 2008, L3’s PAC donated $1,000 to BEST PAC, which then gave $2,300 to Clinton for President on Feb. 14, 2008, while she battled Barack Obama for the Democratic Party’s presidential nomination.
Years later, L3 cashed in to the tune of nearly half a billion dollars with a bombshell deal.
This January, L3 Technologies was contracted to provide 12 warplanes, two trainer planes and “services” for missions to be waged against the al-Qaeda-linked terrorist group Al-Shabaab.
The sale was approved by the State Department, headed by then-Secretary of State John Kerry and privately advised to Congress on Jan. 19.
Shockingly, the deal was inked despite the fact that another arms company – one founded by a U.S. Army veteran! – had submitted a bid for $180 million, less than HALF of the tab billed by L3, according to critics.
PHOTOS: Furious Hillary Clinton Catches Husband Bill Eyeballing Donald Trump’s Daughter Ivanka
What’s more, while L3 has reportedly NEVER before produced the sort of planes involved in the deal, the other, lower-cost company — IOMAX USA, Inc. out of Mooresville, N.C. — have made those very planes for years.
The deal has raised eyebrows among both Democrats AND Republicans on Capital Hill — and has more than a few calling for a Congressional investigation.
“My office has received credible allegations of faulty contracting practices, fraud, and unfair treatment surrounding this sale,” said North Carolina congressman Ted Budd, a Republican.
Even more troubling links between L3 and Democratic leaders, including Hillary, have emerged as part of Radar’s probe.
For example, Federal Election Commission records show that in the years leading up to the deal, L3 also contributed to the ranking Democrat on the House Armed Services Committee, Adam Smith, as well as to the late Ted Kennedy and his son, Patrick.
PHOTOS: Revenge! Donald Trump Fighting Back Against Hillary Clinton’s Smear Campaign
Between July 19, 2004, and Oct. 5, 2010, L3 donated $17,000 to both Kennedys and Kerry, according to FEC records unearthed by Radar.
But that’s not all: Wall Street expert Charles Ortel exclusively told Radar about another suspicious tie between L3 and the Clintons.
The $13 billion-a-year defense giant was formed in 1997, Ortel said, by cobbling together aerospace and arms businesses originally owned by Loral, an aerospace and defense company headed by CEO Bernard L. Schwartz.
Schwartz, now 91, is one of Bill Clinton’s closest pals, according to multiple media reports.
Radar learned he previously showered Bill with $1.3 million in campaign donations and even celebrated his 71st birthday with the Clintons at the White House.
It was Schwartz’s right hand man, Frank Lanza, who presided over L3’s initial public stock offering.
“My fraud tentacles went up when I saw L3’s links to the Clintons,” said Ortel.
Critics also are also enraged L3 landed the Kenya deal despite two major scandals in its history.
In May 2012, the U.S. Senate Armed Services Committee found L3 used counterfeit parts from China in components installed in military transport planes deployed in Afghanistan.
The firm allegedly detected the problem in November 2010 and sent the components for tests that concluded they were suspected of being “counterfeit.”
PHOTOS: Hey, Big Spender! Hillary Clinton’s Most Staggering Campaign Expenses
But despite “real fear” that this could lead to “disastrous consequences,” the committee charged that L3 didn’t alert the Air Force of the problem until September 2011.
In 2015, L3 paid $25.6 million to settle a civil fraud lawsuit slapped on the company by Manhattan US Attorney Preet Bharara, who alleged its officials had known since 2006 that weapons sights it manufactured for use in Iraq and Afghanistan malfunctioned in extreme temperature ranges.
L3 “engaged in fraudulent double dealing by selling defective products to the men and women who risk their lives to protect our country. With their own sights focused exclusively on corporate profits, the defendants let our soldiers fight with defective sights on their weapons,” Bharara charged at the time.
Added Ortel, “That Barack Obama, a Nobel Laureate would cap his tenure as president by throwing out such a morsel as the Kenya deal to L3, given its record, falls somewhere along a continuum from sloppy to contemptible.”
Story developing.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n