Giveaway Alert: Win the 2015 Emmy Awards Gift Bag!/n





                    Snubbed
                







These stars and shows were sadly overlooked at the 2015 Emmys.

 MORE >>





The 2015 Primetime Emmy Awards air this Sunday, September 20, at 8 ET on FOX. Ahead of the big night, we’re giving away the very same gift bag given to Kerry Washington, Gina Rodriguez, Rob Lowe, LL Cool J, and more. The best part? It couldn’t be easier to win!

How to Enter
1) Leave a comment on this post telling us which Emmy nominee(s) you’re rooting for on Sunday.
2) Feel free to leave multiple comments and share every artist and/or video you’d love to see win!
3) When leaving your comment(s), make sure you are logged in using a valid email address! We will contact the winner via email next week.
4) Please read the complete contest rules here.
What You Could Win:
The items in the Giving Suite™:

Bose – QuietComfort® 25 Acoustic Noise Cancelling® headphones give you crisp, powerful sound – and quiet that lets you hear your music better.
Cakes Cove – Making every genre delicious with chocolate & cookies. Cakes Cove offers customized treats for parties and other special occasions. www.cakescove.com
ChapStick® – New ChapStick® Total Hydration 100% Natural is an age defying formula with Argan Oil and a unique blend of natural butters and oils to moisturize and replenish your lips. It’s clinically proven to provide healthier and more youthful looking lips.
Crio Cacao Company – 100% organic cocoa beans. The only coffee alternative with 10 calories, loads of antioxidants, and honest energy all day long.
Hacienda AltaGracia, Auberge Resorts Collection – Nestled atop the lush mountains of Pérez Zeledón, in Costa Rica, this boutique resort boasts sweeping views over the San Isidro valley. Delivering an authentic warmth of service and handcrafted luxury, the property features 50 estate-size casitas, superb dining, a luxury spa, equestrian center and much more. Prize does not include trip.
Kinloch Club – The Kinloch Club will provide gift certificates for a 7-night stay at the new Kinloch Club, one of New Zealand’s newest super luxury lodges, including daily: breakfast, 4-course dinner and 2 rounds of golf. The lodge, that was designed as a 21st century version of a Scottish castle, sits on the shores of Lake Taupo on the North Island and features a Jack Nicklaus 18-hole Signature Links golf course, named #1 in New Zealand for the last two years. Prize does not include trip.
LILYFIELD CAKES – Cakes made with whole ingredients, no preservatives, no mixes. EAT MORE CAKE.
Marchon Eyewear – Salvatore Ferragamo Eyewear by Marchon.
Melissa Shoes – Melissa Shoes is the publicly-traded Brazilian brand best known for creating design-driven plastic footwear, complete with a tutti-fruiti scent. The brand is followed around the world, and has collaborated with top design talent including Jason Wu, Vivienne Westwood, Alexandre Herchcovitch, Gareth Pugh, Zaha Hadid, Karl Lagerfeld, the Campana Brothers and more.
MYLA’COR MARTINIS – Myla’Cor Martinis is the new preferred cocktail in town! Our sophisticated and mouth-watering LEMON VODKA MARTINIS will bring you a refreshing experience without the hassle of mixing and are guilt free with only 30 calories per ounce. Prize does not include alcohol.
Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. – Nu Skin’s most advanced anti-aging supplement ever, ageLOC Youth is designed to promote your youth span – the years you can enjoy life being more active, energetic, and healthy.
Piper by Icontrol Networks – Piper is a smart home security system with no required monthly fees that you control from your mobile device. It combines advanced video monitoring technology with valuable sensor information to immediately alert you of what’s going on while you’re away.
The Mulia, Mulia Resort & Villas- Nusa Dua, Bali – A five-night stay at the Mulia Resort, a stunning beachfront resort and villa along Nusa Dua’s Bay in Bali. Prize does not include trip.

Celebrities will also receive:

ABCmouse.com Early Learning Academy – ABCmouse.com Early Learning Academy is the leading and most comprehensive online early learning resource for children ages 2—7. Available on computers, tablets, and smartphones, ABCmouse.com features more than 6,000 standards-based learning activities and 500+ lessons encompassing reading, math, science, social studies, health, art, and music.
Anet’s Collection, a Wearable Art Company – Anet’s Collection is the culmination of artist Anet Abnous’ dream to merge fine art, fashion and storytelling into the concept of wearable art. By imprinting original works onto clothing and stationery, Anet’s art comes alive in a fresh, elegant way.
BerryBreeze – BerryBreeze is a revolutionary fridge freshener that minimizes food waste and maximizes your nutrition by keeping your food fresh up to 3x longer.
BUTLER HOME PRODUCTS – Get your fashion on with the new Belle Vie by Evercare Fashion Handle Lint Roller. Looking your best never looked so good with Evercare – the lint experts since 1956.
Calleen Cordero Designs – Handcrafted luxury footwear, handbags & accessories 100% handmade with love in Los Angeles. Prize includes cuff.
Colgate® Optic White® – For whiter teeth in just one day*, use the full line of Colgate® Optic White® products including the Colgate® Optic White® Platinum™ Express White Toothpaste, the Colgate® Optic White® Toothbrush + Whitening Pen and Colgate® Optic White® WhiteSeal® Mouthwash. *Don’t forget to use the mouthwash after the whitening pen, and to continue to use as directed, for best results.
Cosmedica Skincare – Cosmedica Skincare Mineral Enzyme Exfoliant works instantly to peel and buff away impurities, make-up residue and dead skin in seconds – See and feel the difference. All natural and organic, won’t sting or irritate even the most sensitive skin.
Cotopaxi Boma Daypack – A minimalist daypack for both daily and extended travels, the Boma is a simple, durable top-loader. Each purchase of Cotopaxi product contributes to our health, education, and livelihood initiatives in developing countries.
DELSEY Paris – Awaken the senses with DELSEY HONORÉ+, and embrace everything that is elegant and modern. This collection features a soft matte finish shell, nice leather accents and secure aluminum frame that opens in one single click for maximum convenience.
Dennis Dass, MD – Dr. Dennis Dass is a board certified plastic surgeon in Beverly Hills, who is providing gift certificates good for an advanced laser facial rejuvenation treatment. Dr. Dass is renowned for his expertise in body contouring, advanced cosmetic surgical procedures and minimally invasive treatments. www.DassMD.com
EA Sports – EA Sports presents two of the most popular sports video games on XBOX ONE – FIFA 16 and NBA Live 16.
Every Day a Hope – Through tiny stories and illustrations, Every Day a Hope encourages and empowers readers to examine emotionally difficult issues, while instilling confidence, introspection, and creativity. In each page, Marci M. Matthews addresses familiar concepts in a unique manner, designed to evoke thoughts, feelings, changes in perspective, and the ability to embrace the positive.
Fresh Diet – At Fresh Diet, we’re deliberately different. We source the best ingredients to deliver fabulous, fresh, fulfilling, fully prepared meals that enhance your life.
Invitation Consultants, Inc. – Flat stationery, styled exclusively by Invitation Consultants.
Jesse Tyler Ferguson’s Tie The Knot for The Tie Bar – Founded by Jesse Tyler Ferguson and Justin Mikita, the goal of Tie The Knot is clear: to advocate for the LGBTQ civil rights throughout the United States & beyond, and to look damn good while doing it. Through its seasonal release of bow ties with the help of celebrity guest designers, Tie The Knot is advocating for a more stylish & equal America.
Langham Place, New York – Luxurious stay at Langham Place, New York, located on Fifth Avenue in Manhattan. Prize includes a two night stay in a Deluxe Place room and daily Continental Breakfast for two at Michelin-starred Ai Fiori.
Laughing Man® K-Cup® pods in Colombia Huila – Laughing Man® was co-founded by actor Hugh Jackman and is available exclusively on Keurig.com. All Laughing Man® coffee varieties are Fair Trade Certified™.
LUXTRADA – The signature luxury Bikini Sandal is like none other in its class, with undeniable beauty. An original symbol of American luxury, Luxtrada was born into fashion never compromising quality.
One Life Vest – In Hollywood, Your Age is Personal. Your Secret is Safe with One Life Vest.
OtterBox Symmetry Series for iPhone 6 – Symmetry Series has it all – sleek, slim styling and trusted OtterBox protection. Available for most major smartphones, Symmetry Series is the style you want and the protection you need.
Phantom Glass™ – Phantom Glass™ is the last screen protector you will ever need. It is a tempered glass screen protector that is easy to apply, boasts 100% clarity and will resist most impacts and scratches, and ensure that your device is protected.
PMD PERSONAL MICRODERM – PMD Personal Microderm is a patented, safe, and effective at-home skincare tool that provides the same brilliant results as professional, in-office microdermabrasion treatments. www.getpmd.com
Real Techniques Bold Metals Essentials – The Real Techniques Bold Metals Essentials features three premium makeup brushes including a set exclusive. The collection of luxe brushes offer high performance and infinite possibilities for every artist.
Soroudi Advanced LASIK & Eye Centers – The only eye center in LA that GUARANTEES qualified patients 20/20 vision! Prize includes $1000 off LASIK.
Thera Cane MAX Trigger Point Massager – Treat yourself to deep relief from painful, knotted, spasmed muscles. This amazingly simple yet effective self-massager makes it easy to apply pain-relieving deep compression directly to hard, knotted “trigger points” anywhere they occur – breaking up tension even in the hardest-to-reach muscles between your shoulder blades!

 
Items in photo subject to change based on availability- some colors and styles may vary. Courtesy of Backstage Creations.
Remember, all you need to do to enter is leave a comment(s) below telling us who you’re rooting for on Sunday. Best of luck to everyone!
/n