Blac Chyna's Mom RIPS Into Kardashians Over Name Battle: 'Eat Them Alive!'/n
Blac Chyna‘s mom has entered the ring! Tokyo Toni came to bat for her daughter over her explosive Kardashian trademark battle, taking to Instagram to slam Chyna’s soon to be sisters-in-law like never before.
In a lengthy tirade against the famous TV family, Toni didn’t hold back when it came to defending her daughter: “My mini me is the next baddest thing to me HANDS DOWN- From Blacchyna [sic] to soon- to- be [sic] Angela Renee Kardashian mother of Dream Kardashian and Mr. King Cairo Stevenson.”
“SHE IS A REAL WOMAN!” Toni continued in support of her daughter. “You can’t just stop what God has plans for.”
Then, throwing some shade directly at the Kardashians, she added, “You can do whatever once you get married people with your name. . .I would have b*****s for brunch today! Eat them alive.” Yikes, Tokyo Toni.





 Love how #BlacChyna's mother stans for her! #Message
A photo posted by The Shade Room (@theshaderoom) on Dec 9, 2016 at 7:31am PST



As Radar readers know, Kim, Kourtney, Khloe and their many brands recently filed an opposition to Chyna’s official request to trademark and profit off the name “Angela Renee Kardashian.”
According to United States Patent and Trademark Office papers, the Keeping Up With the Kardashians sisters claim Chyna’s use of the Kardashian name would confuse fans.
Kardashian devotees would be “likely to mistakenly believe Applicant is affiliated with or endorsed by Opposers…which it is not,” the sisters’ lawyers stated of the messy legal matter. And even worse, the former stripper’s coveted new name would destroy the reality stars’ hard-earned credibility.
The sisters “will suffer damage including irreparable injury to their reputation and goodwill if the Opposed Mark is allowed to register,” the attorneys continued.
As Radar previously reported, Rob Kardashian’s baby mama Chyna, 28, filed paperwork in May to make money off her married name.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n