Meghan Markle Shut Down Blog Amid Rumors She’s Moving In with Prince Harry/n





                    Prince Harry and Meghan Markle Have Maybe, Probably Talked About Marriage
                







Do we hear wedding bells?

 MORE >>










                    Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's First Photo Together
                







Cute!

 MORE >>





Is Meghan Markle preparing to become a part of the royal family?

Rumors are swirling after the Suits star shut down her personal website, The Tig, three years after its creation.
The actress announced she will no longer be blogging in a new post published this week, writing, “After close to three beautiful years on this adventure with you, it’s time to say goodbye to The Tig. What began as a passion project (my little engine that could) evolved into an amazing community of inspiration, support, fun and frivolity. You’ve made my days brighter and filled this experience with so much joy. Keep finding those Tig moments of discovery, keep laughing and taking risks, and keep being ‘the change you wish to see in the world.'”
The 35-year-old also removed all of her old entries, writing in the farewell post, “Above all, don’t ever forget your worth — as I’ve told you time and time again: you, my sweet friend, you are enough. Thank you for everything.”



Thank you to all the supporters of The Tig! From followers to contributors, you have become friends ❤ It is YOU who have made this Tig community so special. And even though I haven’t met most of you, for three years I’ve seen your faces and read your comments and hugged you from afar. (Domi, Em, Hannah, Sol, Iris, Doris, Jessy, Simone, Cassy….and so many more! I will always be grateful for your support). Go to @thetigofficial or thetig.com to see our official send-off. Sending all the love xx MM #TigFarewell
A post shared by Meghan Markle (@meghanmarkle) on Apr 7, 2017 at 9:19am PDT



Naturally, the sudden shuttering of her blog quickly prompted rumors that its founder may be getting engaged to boyfriend Prince Harry soon. Last month, the Daily Mail claimed Harry was already renovating an apartment at Kensington Palace for his girlfriend. “He keeps popping round and asking when it will be ready,” a source said. “He seems in a real hurry to move in with Meghan.”
However, Entertainment Tonight reports Markle’s decision to quit her site had nothing to do with Harry, 32, but that “the website became a full-time job and she already has a full-time job on Suits.” The insider adds Markle wanted to devote more of her time to philanthropy work by volunteering with One Young World, World Vision and UN Women.
Last November, Harry released an official statement defending Markle’s right to privacy after their relationship was made public, citing he was “worried” about her safety under media scrutiny.
“Some of this has been very public — the smear on the front page of a national newspaper; the racial undertones of comment pieces; and the outright sexism and racism of social media trolls and web article comments,” the briefing from his office read. “This is not a game — it is her life and his.”


10 Things You Should Know About Meghan Markle








































10 Photos »


/n