Family Claims To Have 1 of the Winning $1.6 Billion Powerball Tickets: Mom Says She's Not Quitting Her Job – 'I'll Be There on Monday'/n

One Tennessee family may be a half billion dollars richer.  
Lisa and John Robinson, of Munford (population 6,000), claim they have one of the three winning tickets from Wednesday’s $1.6 billion Powerball drawing. But the husband and wife say they don’t plan to change their daily lives.  
“I do hope to plan on working for a little while,” Lisa tells the Today show, adding that she loves her job. “I’ll be there Monday.”  
And they don’t plan on moving from their hometown, either.  
“We hope not to   we’ve been there forever.”   
The family’s ticket has not yet been verified by Tennessee lottery officials, but John flaunted the little piece of paper with the winning numbers 04, 08, 19, 27, 34 and Powerball 10 on Friday during his appearance on the Today show.  
Lisa Robinson (left), John Robinson (right) and lawyerToday ShowThe couple plans to contact lottery officials immediately after their TV appearance, Lisa says.   
Winning tickets were purchased in California, Tennessee and Florida – though the Robinsons are the first reputed winners to come forward.   
John says he almost didn’t stop at Naifeh’s Food Mart in the small, working-class town of Munford on Wednesday night – “I really didn’t feel like stopping,” he says – but he ended up buying four Powerball tickets at his wife’s request.   
John Robinson’s lottery ticketToday ShowLisa says she and John were in disbelief after the winning numbers were announced that night.  
“Actually [I was] a little scared because I didn’t know exactly what to do,” John says. “I knew that I wanted to get an accountant. I knew that I wanted to get a lawyer and try to follow the procedures that they tell you to follow.”  
The family stands to acquire an estimated $533 million over 30 years or about $327 million if they take the lump sum.  
Although the Robinsons say they haven’t thought about what they’d want to do with the money, Lisa said she has one thing in mind: eliminating the family’s student loans.  
“Sallie Mae’s paid off,” she said.   
/n