Mia Farrow Shares Address of Dentist Who Killed the Lion Cecil in Zimbabwe, Internet Reacts Like many, Mia Farrow took to Twitter to express her outrage over Walter J. Palmer's killing of Cecil the lion in Zimbabwe but some feel she may.../n
Like many, Mia Farrow took to Twitter to express her outrage over Walter J. Palmer's killing of Cecil the lion in Zimbabwe but some feel she may have gone too far.The 70-year-old actress and political activist, who has more than 656,000 followers, tweeted the address of the Minnesota dentist, who recently apologized for hunting the animal just outside a national wildlife preserve."‪#‎CecilTheLion‬ -Gentle protector of 6 cubs. Loved by many. Killed by Dentist Walter Palmer," she wrote on Wednesday, before his full office address.The post has since been deleted. Farrow has not commented.In another tweet that was also removed later, Farrow had written, "WANTED in Zimbabwe: Walter Palmer...for luring much loved lion #Cecil from park & slaying him," and included his hometown.Farrow shared a link to the first tweet on Facebook. Responses were mixed. Some reacted by slamming Palmer while others scolded Farrow for listing the address, which can be easily Googled."Who the hell are you to tweet out and endanger the life of the dentist who legally, but accidentally killed that poor lion," one person wrote."You should be ashamed of yourself!!!!" another person wrote. "There is a right way and a wrong way to deal with this issue and planting a target on this man's back is NOT the right way!!!""His business address is public knowledge," another user said. "This animal killer is so proud of his trophies, he can face the public outrage. I am so sorry for Cecil."

Palmer, 55, said on Tuesday he regrets hunting Cecil, who was 13 and the most famous lion in Zimbabwe, adding that he had hired professional guides who secured hunting permits and that he believed the hunt was legal. Amid the online backlash, Palmer has received death threats since the shooting and has been forced to close his dental practice temporarily due to protests. He has also received hundreds of negative Yelp reviews.On Wednesday, local hunter Theo Bronkhorst was charged in Zimbabwe with failing to prevent the hunt, which was deemed unlawful. He pleaded not guilty, Reuters reported.
/n