Jealousy Issues & Cheating Fears! Inside Tiger Woods’ Secret Rocky Love Life/n
Tiger Woods’ personal life came crashing down when he was arrested for a DUI in May, and now it looks like his love life is taking a hit as well. RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal that the disgraced golfer is having relationship issues with his girlfriend Kristin Smith.
“Everything was amazing,” a source close to Smith told Radar. “Then there were fights where she thought he was cheating. That started about a year in and things went south. He’s very jealous and that is hard for her.”
His DUI only made their relationship worse.
PHOTOS: It’s Over! Lindsey Vonn & Tiger Woods Announce Mutual Split On Facebook: ‘We Both Lead Hectic Lives’
“He screws up and she gets pulled into it and she can’t handle the pressure of it all,” the source said. “She seems very overwhelmed and stressed to people who really know her.”
In an effort to make the situation “go away,” she often goes on lavish trips.
As Radar reported, she flew to Costa Rica soon after the arrest. Since then, she’s traveled to Italy, Switzerland and more with her personal styling group The CLAD Life.
PHOTOS: Sexy Stars Who Date Pro Football Players
“Every time something happens she goes on a trip,” the source said. “I’m sure he’s footing the bill.”
Giving Smith money is a common occurrence for Woods. As Radar exclusively reported, Smith was stopped at Palm Beach Airport on April 25, 2016 because police found $200,000 in her bag from a routine security screening.
Upon arrival I made contact with Kristin, who when asked about the money… stated is this going to be available to the public,” the attending officer said in an incident report obtained by Radar.
PHOTOS: Hollywood’s Biggest Scandals
“I then asked where did the money come from and did she have a receipt or proof of where the money came from. Kristen stated her boyfriend gave it to her,” the officer continued. “I asked her if her boyfriend could show proof [as] to where the money came from, to which Kristin stated she did not want to talk to me anymore.”
Multiple insiders confirmed the boyfriend in question is Woods.
But it doesn’t look like they’re ending their relationship anytime soon.
PHOTOS: Fraud, Feuds & Fights — 27 Reality Stars Who Are Out Of Control
“She loves him,” the source said of Smith, who is mother to son Isaiah with Dallas Cowboys star Gerald Sensabaugh. “Their kids are involved.”
Do you think they’ll last? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n