Late-Night Calls & 'Romantic' Rendezvous: Andrea Constand Cross-Examined/n
During the cross-examination of Andrea Constand in Bill Cosby‘s high-profile sexual assault trial on Wednesday, June 7, the shamed comedian’s defense team attempted to expose inconsistencies in the former Temple University employee’s Tuesday testimony.
According to Radar’s courtroom witness, Cosby’s defense attorney Angela Agrusa got off to a rocky start, fumbling through phone records in an attempt to illustrate that Constand continued to reach out to the actor several times after the alleged assault.
Constand quickly defended her actions, arguing that she was obligated to keep communication open with Cosby on official Temple University business, and more importantly, to find out what pill he gave her that night.
PHOTOS:Bill Cosby Spotted At Court As Sexual Assault Case Begins
Later, the defense laid into Constand over several late-night phone calls made to Sherry Williams, Andrea’s supposed former girlfriend. (As Radar readers know, Constand is openly gay).
What’s more, Constand’s seemingly suggestive behavior toward Cosby was brought into question.
The defense repeatedly pointed out that during the night of the alleged sexual assault, a fire had been lit, the lights were dimmed and incense provided by Constand burned, all contributing to a romantic mood.
PHOTOS: Bill Cosby Sexual Assault Case: Smiling Wife Camille Arrives For Deposition
A few months prior to the incident, the defense said, Constand drove four hours to Foxwood resort in order to meet Cosby after one of his performances.
The pair had dinner in the comic’s hotel room, along with casino manager Mr. Cantone. After the meal, Constand was called back to Cosby’s room, where they lay side-by-side on his bed for approximately 10 minutes, legs touching, according to testimony.
When Cosby began to fall asleep, Constand suggested that she should depart for the evening. The former Cosby Show actor walked her to the door, the two kissed “cheek-to-cheek” and Constand returned to her room where she called supposed girlfriend Williams, Cosby’s lawyer said.
Stay with Radar for incoming updates on the country’s latest trial of the century.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n