Bill Cosby's Desperate Plea Deal NIXED Hours Before Trial/n
Just hours before his trial was set to begin, a desperate Bill Cosby sought an eleventh hour plea deal, RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal.
According to insiders, the disgraced comic begged for a deal that would include no jail time and no admission of guilt.
Meanwhile, prosecutors want the 79-year-old to face the music.
PHOTOS: ‘Cosby’ Actress Secretly Told Cops About Unwanted ‘Sexual Contact’ With Bill — Read The Shocking Police Report
A source inside the Montgomery County District Attorney’s office said D.A. Kevin Steele demanded “significant” jail time, a large fine and community service.
“Bill Cosby wants Steele to agree to a deal in which an announcement would be made basically saying that the prosecution couldn’t prove its case and that the defense had nothing to prove so it’s a win for him,” the insider said.
“He’s desperate, his defense is desperate because [what he’s accused of is] indefensible,” the source continued. “It should be mentioned that they [the defense] came to [prosecutors] because the day of reckoning has arrived and maybe he’s opened his eyes and realized that he’s about to go to prison maybe for the rest of his life.”
PHOTOS:Latest Statement: Gloria Allred Deposed Bill Cosby For Seven Hours In Playboy Mansion Sexual Assault Case, Reveals Plans To Release Transcript!
Cosby, who turns 80 next month, faces 10 years in prison if convicted of the three counts of sexual assault which he’s accused of. Those charges include the drugging and raping former Temple University athlete Andrea Constand.
Dozens of women have come forward claiming they were drugged and raped by the comedian once known as America’s Dad.
“They haven’t discussed anything feasible for Bill Cosby,” a source connected to the comedian said of the plea negotiations. “It’s a witch hunt and they are making sure to try and bury him. It’s unfortunate.”
PHOTOS: Janice Dickinson Stays Silent Over Bill Cosby Lawsuit
This isn’t the first time the alleged serial rapist has sought a deal with prosecutors.
After a judge ruled to admit Cosby’s shocking civil deposition, in which he cops to plying women with Quaaludes before having sex with them while their zonked out, as evidence, the comedian sought a deal.
In the bombshell 2006 deposition, Cosby admitted to giving Constand Quaaludes.
PHOTOS:Bill Cosby Spotted At Court As Sexual Assault Case Begins
“When you got the Quaaludes, was it in your mind that you were going to use these Quaaludes for young women that you wanted to have sex with?” Constand’s former lawyer Dolores Troiani, asked Cosby during that deposition.
“Yes,” Cosby answered.
Later in the deposition, the comic described putting his hands down Constand’s pants: “I don’t hear her say anything, anything. And I don’t feel her say anything. And so, I continue and I go into the area that is somewhere between permission and rejection. I am not stopped.”
PHOTOS: Bill Cosby Sexual Assault Case: Smiling Wife Camille Arrives For Deposition
Cosby, perhaps sensing his possible doom, is now seeking a deal for leniency.
“He and his family are convinced this trial will end badly,” a source close to the comedian said.
In December, an insider told the New York Post that “Cosby and his family believes he’ll be eligible for a sentence of just probation. . .and remove the threat of him dying in prison.”
PHOTOS: ‘We Want To Seek Justice!’ Philly DA Vows To Reveal ‘Truth’ About Cosby Sex Assault
Now, Cosby has tried another Hail Mary by attempting to butter up hard-nosed prosecutor Steele, implying that a plea deal would give the DA a major victory over a celebrity.
Cosby also tried to “play the sympathy card,” the prosecution source said.
“They want Steele to take into consideration that he’s old and he’s blind. But, he had to be reminded that this is the Justice System and the Justice System doesn’t play favors because of someone’s celebrity or because they’ve grown a bit old. With age, sometimes comes health problems.”
Stay with Radar and get incoming updates on the trial here.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n