'Teen Mom' Drug Scandal Explodes! Ryan Edwards' Wife Headed For Nasty Custody War/n
Ryan Edwards shocked when he was caught on camera falling asleep at the wheel while high on drugs – and his reckless behavior has Mackenzie Standifer‘s ex-husband concerned for their son. Zachary Stephens revealed his thoughts on the Teen Mom OG star’s addiction issues exclusively to RadarOnline.com.
On the season finale, Edwards was busted slurring his words and falling asleep at the wheel while driving his wife to their wedding ceremony.
“Why are you swerving?” Standifer asked, as he slurred, “My eyes baby in the sunlight I can’t keep them open.”
PHOTOS: Baby Daddy From Hell! ‘Teen Mom’ Maci Bookout Slams Ex Ryan Edwards In New Tell-All: Read Her 10 Most Shocking Accusations
She punched his shoulder throughout the scene as he continued to nod off.
“Hey you know what would be the coolest?” he asked. “Bachelor and bachelorette parties. I just thought about it, but I can’t rethink about it. We’re going to be married, we’re going to be married.”
Standifer then turned the camera off, but left their microphones on as she asked if he took Xanax again.
PHOTOS: Maci Bookout Is Expecting A Daughter With Boyfriend Taylor McKinney
After the scene was filmed, Edwards entered rehab for his addiction issues.
“A little over 30 days ago, I made the decision to check myself into a rehabilitation facility,” he told MTV. “I am back home now doing well, and life could not be better. Without the support of my wife and parents I would not have been able to do this. Thank you all for your well wishes.”
Stephens, who shares son Hudson with Standifer, exclusively told Radar, “I’m very concerned.”
PHOTOS: Underage Boozing, Boob Job Rumors, Wild Tats & Tax Debt! ‘Teen Mom’ Maci Bookout’s 12 Most Shocking Secrets & Scandals EXPOSED
As Radar exclusively reported, Standifer married Stephens in September 2013 when she was five months pregnant with their son.
She filed for divorce in July 2016 on the grounds of “inappropriate marital conduct.”
The divorce was finalized in November 2016.
Do you think Stephens should be concerned? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n