Christina Ricci Is All Smiles at Post-Baby Appearance at Lizzie Borden Chronicles TCA Event—See the Photos! Christina Ricci has returned to work after giving birth to her first child five months ago and seemed to be in great spirits as she m.../n
Christina Ricci has returned to work after giving birth to her first child five months ago and seemed to be in great spirits as she made her first major public post-pregnancy appearance.On Friday, at a Television Critics Association 2015 Winter Press Tour event promoting the Lifetime Television series The Lizzie Borden Chronicles, the actress showcased a big smile and a chic look, a black outfit with white floral designs down the sleeves. Ricci reprises her role as a 19th century former murder suspect, which she played in a 2014 TV movie.The 34-year-old The Addams Family movies alum has largely stayed out of the public eye since the weeks before she and husband James Heerdegen, 32, welcomed a baby boy, their first child together, in August. She has since then, however, occasionally posted hilarious tweets.

Her hubby, a dolly grip who recently worked on the 2014 film Birdman, met on the set of the ABC show Pan Am. She played a flight attendant on the '60s-themed drama series, which aired for one season and ended in 2012. A year later, she and Heerdegen tied the knot in New York.The Lizzie Borden Chronicles series was filmed this past October. Ricci first played Borden, a wealthy Massachusetts woman who was acquitted of the murders of her father and stepmother, in the TV movie Lizzie Borden Took An Ax, which aired on Lifetime in January 2014 and is based on a true story. The new, eight-part series premieres in April and is not as historically accurate. Clea DuVall also reprises her role as Borden's sister, Emma.

The miniseries focuses on her life after the trial, during which several people close to her, including her half-brother William, played by Hatfields & McCoys' Andrew Howard, and her business associate and underworld kingpin Mr. Flowers, played by Breaking Bad and new prequel Better Call Saul's Jonathan Banks, are found dead, mysteriously, Lifetime said in a statement.
/n