Truce? Charlie Sheen Delays Custody Case Amid New Settlement Claims/n
Charlie Sheen could finally be ready to end his nasty legal battle with exes Denise Richards and Brooke Mueller, RadarOnline.com has learned.
At war ever since Sheen, 50, attempted to slash their child support from $55,000 per month each to just over $10,000, the trio was scheduled to face off in Los Angeles court this week, to finalize the matter once and for all. Trial dates of June 7, June 8, and June 15 were tentatively scheduled — but no one ever showed.
“They called in both times to have the hearing taken off the calendar,” a courthouse insider told Radar. “Everyone at the courthouse is thinking that they’re trying to settle it privately.”
PHOTOS: Broke Or BS? Charlie Sheen Drops $1Million On Mexican Estate
As Radar reported, Sheen’s tentative peace with his exes exploded in March, when Sheen filed paperwork attempting to slash the support he pays to Richards and Mueller. Richards, 45, is the mother to his daughters Sam, 12, and Lola, 11, and Mueller, 38, is mom to twin boys Bob and Max, 7.
In his filing, Sheen claimed he was in financial crisis, and presented a litany of staggering debts. “My income has changed significantly since the agreement for child support was entered into…” he wrote in the documents, claiming his monthly expenses are more than $105,911 per month, and he owed almost $13 million. He reported that he had only $2,090,000 in cash available at the time.
He was also recently sued by American Express over nearly $300,000 in unpaid bills — an embarrassing incident he called a simple misunderstanding.
PHOTOS: Inside Charlie Sheen’s Raging Lifestyle & Bizarre Antics
Mueller has accused Sheen in court documents of “distorting” the facts of his financial state, but he insists the situation is dire. In fact, a source told Radar, “Charlie threatened to file for bankruptcy if the case wasn’t settled.”
No paperwork indicating a settlement has been reached has been filed with the court as of yet, and a rep for Sheen declined to comment.
Story developing. /n