‘Dancing With the Stars: All-Stars’ Recap: 5 Surprising Moments From Week 2 (VIDEO)/n
On week 2 of ABC’s Dancing with the Stars: All-Stars, 12 contestants are feeling the pressure to bring their A+ game very early in the competition.
So how did they fare against each other in Week 2?
Performing the jive or the quickstep, most danced well, but there were a few strange moments.
Note: Spoilers ahead if you didn’t watch Monday’s episode.
1. Emmitt Smith falls from the top… hard! While considered the front runner by many so early in the competition, Emmitt’s score took a beating this week. After trash talking the speed skater and the race car driver, Emmitt delivered a quickstep that lacked a host of elements. Judge Carrie Ann Inaba let him know that those he trashed danced better. Emmitt falls to seventh place.


a look back at 'DWTS' weight loss winners








































10 Photos »


2. Bristol Palin scares her partner… and America. Toting guns and adopting a “red neck” persona, Bristol shows us she is not the meek child of Season 11. Not only did she take us to a shooting range, she insisted partner Mark Ballas create a dance to her favorite country song “Red Neck Woman.” Probably afraid of her firearms, Mark had to break the rules to choreograph a country quick step. The judges didn’t go for it and she falls to last place.
3. Sabrina Bryan is late to the dance? Was she or was she not late? As Sabrina & Louis Van Amstel’s names are announced to dance, they are found hanging out backstage, become panicked, and make a mad dash to the floor. We can’t tell if it’s part of the routine or not, but you can view the video and decide. Late or not, she has the first 9 of the season and dances to the very top of the leaderboard. Watch the performance above.
4. A Chmerkovskiy brother dons a bra. Kelly Monaco decided to teach partner Val Chmerkovskiy the female perspective of dancing by forcing him to wear a water balloon bra during rehearsals. Watching one of the alpha male Chmerkovskiy brothers prance around in a pink bra is something we will not see again anytime soon. Unfortunately the schooling didn’t help their quickstep, as they fall from sixth to eighth place.


TV's Greatest dance Shows








































6 Photos »


5. A Drama-free Kirstie Alley performance. Just when we were getting used to the return of the drama queen, Kirstie ups and does nothing worthy of discussion. She danced a decent jive topped off by a quick kiss to judge Len Goodman and that was it. The judges didn’t offer much criticism, but they hit her on the scores. She is second from the bottom again.
Week 2 Leaderboard:
Sabrina Bryan & Louis VanAmstel: 26
Apolo Anton Ohno & Karina Smirnoff: 24.5
Gilles Marini & Peta Murgatroyd: 25.5
Shawn Johnson & Derek Hough: 25
Melissa Rycroft & Tony Dovolani: 23.5
Helio Castroneves & Chelsie Hightower: 23
Drew Lachey & Anna Trebunskaya: 22.5
Joey Fatone & Kym Johnson: 22.5
Emmitt Smith & Cheryl Burke: 22.5
Kelly Monaco & Val Chmerkovskiy: 22
Kirstie Alley & Maks Chmerkovskiy: 21
Bristol Palin & Mark Ballas: 18
What was your take on the night’s competition? Who do you think will be going home next?
– Jessica Nicolette 
Celebuzz’s own dance judging panel rates the night’s performance. What did our dance experts think? Watch The Daily Buzz below to find out.
/n