Steve Harvey Thought His Controversial Staff Memo Was 'Cute' — Until It Made Headlines!/n

Steve Harvey thought his controversial memo to staffers was "cute."
As we previously reported, the funny man made headlines back in May after a former employee released a note from the 60-year-old where he pretty much requested that the staff leave him the fuck alone. Specifically, Steve asked his employees to "not come to [his dressing room unless invited" and banned them from approaching him "while [he's] in the makeup chair."
Related: Steve Won't Apologize For Making Flint Water Crisis Jokes
Apparently, the staff member who leaked the document was frustrated because they weren't offered a job on Harvey's new Los Angeles based talk show, Steve.
While promoting his new show on Thursday, the industry vet attempted to downplay the controversy by poking fun at the memo. During a chat with reporters, the Family Feud host quipped: 
"I learned two things from that email…I can't write and I should never write. It was something I wrote a year ago and someone didn't get a job coming to LA and they got pissed."
LOLz. On the media frenzy which surrounded the document, the A-lister noted:
"I was OK until I saw it on CNN and that's when I know I was in a lot of trouble. The email was out there and it wasn't a big deal to me at all…I'm not a mean-spirited guy — I'm a very congenial guy to people who know me."
We're guessing those people don't bother him while he's in the makeup chair. Just sayin'…
Nonetheless, Steve clearly doesn't think the harsh memo was a big deal as he joked:
"I thought it was cute. You all didn't."
Fair point. As for his fresh start with Steve, the comedian is excited to bring "late-night" humor "to daytime." On what he hopes to achieve on his new chat show, Harvey explained:
"The big difference here and the reason for moving to L.A. is I wanted to bring late night TV to daytime. I think that's what's missing after doing daytime for five years. Takeaway is not what daytime TV needs anymore. People just need to laugh in the middle of the day, and I've kind of been restricted from that over the past five years…that's the big difference in the show."
Sounds good to us. Although, we wonder if Steve will be sending another round of memos to his new team in El Lay???
[Image via Adriana M. Barraza/WENN.]
/n