'NCIS' Scandal: Mark Harmon Snubs 'Destitute' Sister As She Lies On Her Deathbed/n
NCIS star Mark Harmon has never forgiven his big sister for fighting him in a long-ago custody battle over her son — and now he’s refusing to see her before she dies!
RadarOnline.com has learned gravely ill Kristin Nelson, 71, has been hospitalized in New Mexico, but Harmon hasn’t bothered to call or visit her.
“Kristin has gone from one medical crisis to the next,” revealed a family insider close to late singer Ricky Nelson’s ex-wife and her four adult children — actress Tracy, twins Matthew and Gunnar of the band Nelson, and son Sam.
“Almost two years ago, Kris took a bad fall, and had to have fluid drained from her skull to relieve pressure on her brain,” added the source. “Mark was aware of it, but chose not to visit her.”
PHOTOS: George Michael’s Boyfriend Makes A Bombshell Statement Following Suicide Tweets
More recently, Nelson has been in the intensive care unit of CHRISTUS St. Vincent Regional Medical Center in Santa Fe, where she’s lived and worked as an artist.
She was stricken with pneumonia, which turned into the potentially lethal staph infection MRSA.
To make matters worse, “Kristin is nearly destitute,” said the source. “She got a small inheritance from her mother who died in 2012, but that money’s virtually gone now.”
Despite that, her wealthy brother — who’s one of TV’s highest-paid stars thanks to his gig as Leroy Jethro Gibbs on NCIS — won’t kick in a penny to help her out, said the source.
PHOTOS: Aloha! Hilary Duff Strips Down To Itsy-Bitsy Bikini In Hawaii
Harmon, 65, is still bitter over the custody war he waged with Nelson over her son Sam, following the 1985 plane crash death of his rock star dad, Ricky Nelson, said the source.
During a court battle, Harmon claimed Nelson was a pill-popping junkie and unfit mother.
In 1987, after Nelson did a stint in rehab, Harmon and actress-wife Pam Dawber went to court seeking permanent custody of Sam, who was then 12.
On the stand, Dawber testified she had seen Nelson “blasted” while shopping, and said Sam was afraid to go home.
PHOTOS: Jenelle Evans Back In Court As MTV Cameras Capture All The Drama
Then, Nelson’s lawyers accused Dawber of using cocaine while working on TV’s Mork & Mindy with the late Robin Williams.
Shortly before Dawber was to testify about her drug use, which she denied, Harmon abruptly dropped the lawsuit.
Nelson later said, “I knew from that time on that our family would never be the same again, and it hasn’t been.”
The family insider agreed, adding, “Mark has never forgiven nor forgotten it!”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n