The 15 Days of Celebmas: Drinkmate/n
Happy holidays and welcome to Celebuzz’s 15 Days of Celebmas gift guide and giveaway!
We are featuring 15 unique products and services that we think would be perfect holiday gifts and we are giving ALL of them away to one lucky winner. Each day we will be highlighting one of the items in our guide, and then at the end of the 15 days (December 15, 2016) we will be choosing one lucky reader who will win all 15 gifts! Details on how to enter to win are at the bottom of the article.


The 15 Days of Celebmas








































15 Photos »



Today we are featuring the Drinkmate ($109.00)!
Unlike other at-home beverage carbonators, Drinkmate enables easy at-home carbonation of ANY beverage from juices, cocktails, iced tea, and even beer. With U.S. sales of carbonated soft-drinks on the consistently on the decline, Drinkmate provides an affordable and easy way for consumers to create customized beverages with the power of its Fizz Infuser, which gently releases pressure into the beverage to carbonate.





No wonder Today Show from NBC ranked it as the Kitchen of Today! The smaller foot print will not take much of your kitchen space, No electricity required, easy to use and clean, patented Fizz-Infuser allows you the maximum control over the carbonation level and the release of CO2 to get the perfect carbonation for your drink!
Drink Mate is the first carbonation system in the world that will “Sparkle” almost every drink in your fridge: from apple cider, lemonade, tea, wine, flat beer and cocktails. It really gives the user plenty freedom. No wonder Today Show from NBC ranked it as the Kitchen of Today! The smaller foot print will not take much of your kitchen space, No electricity required, easy to use and clean, patented Fizz-Infuser allows you the maximum control over the carbonation level and the release of CO2 to get the perfect carbonation for your drink! Use your imagination and add bubbles to every beverage in your fridge!





Drinkmate features:

The Drink Mate is the ONLY carbonation beverage maker that allows the user to carbonate ANYTHING
Quick connect BPA-free bottles and detachable bottom cap
Push-button customized food-grade CO2 carbonation
Patented Fizz Infuser allowing for controlled carbonation and easy cleaning
Multi-valve system
Superior fit and finish
Contemporary design
Available in swan white, matte black and metallic red
Small footprint to keep countertops uncluttered

 
You can purchase the Drinkmate here and on Amazon!

Below are all 15 of the products and services that are featured in the 2016 Celebuzz’s 15 Days of Celebmas! Click the items for find out more information and for details on where to purchase.

Lacoste Home Leste Red Bedding Collection & Lacoste Home Signature Logo Bath Towel – The epitome of luxury.
FluidStance Original Handmade Level and Holster – Free yourself from your desk chair and keep that heart rate up.
Dyson Pure Hot + Cool Link Air Purifier Heater & Fan- Intelligently purifies, heats and cools you.
Rock ‘N’ Rolla XL “Vintage” Record Player – Vinyl is back in baby!
New Nintendo 3DS XL – The latest and greatest Nintendo gaming device.
Swagtron T5 Hoverboard – This hands-free smart board is all the technology & quality!
Hercules – DJ Control Instinct P8 Party Pack – Be the life of your next party with this DJ deck featuring party lights!
TCL 43-Inch 4K Ultra HD Roku Smart LED TV – The TV that may be smarter than all of us.
Drinkmate – Carbonate ANY beverage! From juices, cocktails, iced tea, and even beer.
Maggie Wallet by JEMMA – So versatile that it can be worn three different ways!
Swagboard NG-1 Electric Skateboard – The next generation skateboard electrically reimagined.
ZAGG Slim Book Pro – Enjoy the convenience to use your keyboard connected to or separated from your iPad.
Hot Wheels – Two classic track sets for the Hot Wheels enthusiast.
The I.V. Doc – Enjoy this in-home luxury hydration service with a $100 gift card.
Stella & Dot Covet Sunday Bag and Covet Pave Intention Necklace in White Gold - Two gorgeous items from Stella & Dot’s latest collection, Covet by Stella & Dot.

 


The 15 Days of Celebmas








































15 Photos »


Here is how to enter to win:
1) Leave a comment on this post telling us what past gift you received for the holidays was the most special to you!
2) Feel free to leave multiple comments!
3) When leaving your comment(s), make sure you are logged in using a valid email address! We will contact the winner via email.
4) You must live in the continental United States and be 18-years-old or older to enter. You have until midnight PST December 15, 2016 to enter.


The 15 Days of Celebmas








































15 Photos »


/n