Tyler Celebrates Dad Butch's One-Year Release From Prison Just Before Return To Jail/n
The celebrations for Darl “Butch” Baltierra‘s one-year release from prison didn’t last long. In a Teen Mom OG sneak peek, Tyler Baltierra celebrated his father’s milestone just before he was jailed again.
“I’ve been out a year,” Butch bragged to his family during a celebratory barbecue. “No violations, no nothing.”
While Butch explained how the one-year anniversary of his release from prison for breaking and entering, home invasion and larceny charges is a “big deal,” Tyler’s mother Kim said how it’s more important for their son.
“Screw Butch, that’s a big deal for you,” she told Tyler. “Your dad is finally clean and sober. Something you’ve been waiting for all your life.”
PHOTOS: Tyler Baltierra: I Was Sexually Abused PLUS 9 Shocking Sex Secrets
Butch’s daughter Amber then texted him to congratulate him on the anniversary.
“Dad, I’m so sorry I can’t be there,” Butch read. “I’m so proud of you and honored to call you my father. For once in my life, I feel I have a father worth looking up to. I love you dad. You have trumped every doubt I have ever had about you.”
As Butch was brought to tears, Tyler said, “One year can make up for 20 years of bull crap. You’ve been there for me and Amber more in one year than you have been in 20. It’s all because you’re in the right state of mind.”
But Butch ended up disappointing his children soon after, as RadarOnline.com exclusively revealed he was locked up in St. Clair County Jail for six days until October 13.
PHOTOS: Tyler Baltierra: I Was Sexually Abused PLUS 9 Other Shocking Sex Secrets From The Latest ‘Teen Mom’ Tell-All
Last Thursday, he was either released or transferred to another corrections institution, a spokesperson for the facility said.
Although his parole officer and the local sheriff’s office failed to comment on why he was jailed, court records indicate he was arrested in June for operating a motor vehicle with a suspended license.
He pled guilty to the charges in a court hearing on September 15.
Are you shocked Butch was locked up again? Tell us in the comments.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n