Barbara Walters and Joy Behar Return to The View to Celebrate 4000 Episodes—Watch! What better way to celebrate 4000 episodes of The View than to bring back two of the OG co-hosts?! Barbara Walters and Joy Behar reclaimed their seats on the .../n
What better way to celebrate 4000 episodes of The View than to bring back two of the OG co-hosts?!Barbara Walters and Joy Behar reclaimed their seats on the stage of ABC's long-running daytime talk show alongside current co-hosts Whoopi Goldberg, Rosie Perez and Nicole Wallace to celebrate their milestone achievement, and kicked off the episode with Walters candidly explaining how the gig was first thought to ruin her career when she took it on 18 years ago."What happened was we put the show on in August when there were fewer viewers, because we didn't think we were going to make it, so why make a big deal out of it?" Walters began."The president of ABC news was a genius, a man whose opinion I respected, said, 'You should not do the show. This show will ruin your reputation as a newswoman.' And I really was afraid it was. We wanted it to be funny and newsy and you know, we never thought it was going to last and have all these..."

"Knockoffs," Whoopi interjected."I was going to say copycats. But it's a great compliment," Walters clarified.Behar added that it was Barbara's respected image in the industry that kept The View going. "I have to say though we were going to be cancelled but because of Barbara we were not. Because of her clout as a major legend they kept the show on the air."Walters then shared that she made a lot of calls to keep the going, which prompted Joy to quip, "Tell the truth Barbara. You slept with all of them.""And that's why the ratings were so low," Barbara cracked back, LOL!

At the end of the show, the co-hosts got together to toast the success of 4000 episodes (and hopefully many more to come) with a seriously amazing cake that highlighted moments from The View throughout the years."The View has become a daytime institution of strong, funny, smart, opinionated women and powerful brand," Walters said."And speaking of brand, I'm still waiting for my cut of all those View mugs we have sold. I don't see them...Let that be a lesson to us all. Most of all, we thank our viewers...Have a great day everyone and take a little time every day to enjoy The View."
/n