California High School Makes Bubba the Cat Official Student, Lets Him Skip Class/n
Meet Bubba, just think of him as Jeff Spicoli covered in fur.   
This chill cat will be heading back to school this fall with the rest of the student body from Leland High School in San Jose, California. 
Bubba lives with his owner, Amber Marienthal, in a house near the ground of Leland High and Bret Harte Middle School. When Marienthal’s family first adopted the orange tabby in 2009, they tried to keep him inside, but eventually Bubba’s wailing meows opened the doors to the outside world, reports the San Jose Mercury News.   
The feline’s curious nature led him to the two school grounds, where he started sneaking into classes, attending sporting events and roaming the halls.   
“He waits for school to start, and he doesn’t come home until all the sports are done,” Marienthal said. “As long as he’s alive, I think he’ll hang out at the school.”  
Bubba became such a fixture in the classroom, Leland High issued the kitty an official school ID and students at the schools have started a Facebook page for Bubba, which now has over 7,000 likes. The kitty’s peers also tried to get a statue of Bubba erected on the school grounds, but the request was denied.   
Teachers have learned to accept and enjoy Bubba’s presence in their classes, letting the cat in and out when he meows at the door.   
“One teacher made the mistake of buying treats for him,” Marienthal said. “Bubba would meow for treats. [The teacher] got sick of the noise.”  
Aside from interrupting lectures with his loud meows, Bubba hasn’t gotten in too much trouble. There was one occasion the literal teacher’s pet found himself locked in a classroom for 36 hours. Bubba used his roar to alert the maintenance staff he was stuck, and left the situation unscathed.   
Bubba currently attends classes with Marienthal’s two boys, but his owner suspects the feline will continue going to school even after the kids graduate.  
“We’d love it if they let him do cap and gown in 2017,” she saud. “That’s the group that’s been with him through Bret Harte and Leland.”
/n