Bow Wow Announces He's Retiring From Rapping — But Will Release One Final Album First!/n

We did not see this coming… mostly because we had no idea he was still in the game!
This weekend, Bow Wow announced he would be retiring from rap in a string of tweets — but not before dropping one last album!
Early Sunday morning, the 29-year-old reminded fans he always wanted to "retire from music before 30," declaring he was satisfied with his career earnings of a cool "20 million off rap."
Related: Bow Wow Doesn't Care About Voting Because He's 'Mixed'
And though Bow Wow (AKA Shad Moss) will shortly be setting off on new adventures, the Puppy Love rapper — who began his career at 13 years old — revealed that his final album NYLTH will be exec produced by Snoop Dogg.
We can't wait to see what's in store for the rapper, though having starred in films like All About the Benjamins, Like Mike, and Lottery Ticket, we're hoping to see more Moss on the screen!
Ch-ch-check out the performer's announcement (below)! 

"Retirement only means that it is time for a new adventure" over 10 million sold. This the last one. THANK YOU pic.twitter.com/XnWldHxYrB
— Shad Moss(Bow Wow) (@smoss) August 7, 2016


"I always said years ago i'd retire from music before 30. I just cant see myself at 30 years old rapping" pic.twitter.com/U7Fs4R6WMf
— Shad Moss(Bow Wow) (@smoss) August 7, 2016


"Made over 20 million off rap. Why be greedy? Im good with everything i accomplished. I made it to the white house" pic.twitter.com/bSnDdG7cRF
— Shad Moss(Bow Wow) (@smoss) August 7, 2016





My last album will be Executive Produced by my uncle Snoop and myself. Since he brought me in the game, its only right i involve him and end it with him. ITS OFFICIAL!!!! THIS SHIT BOUT TO BANG ON MOMMAS! And we aiming and im talking RECKLESS on this album. NOBODY SAFE #DPG #ATK THE TITLE OF MY FINAL ALBUM "NYLTH" @rmmpercy @dazdillinger @snoopdoggA photo posted by Bow wow (@shadmoss) on Aug 6, 2016 at 9:10am PDT


Are YOU upset Bow Wow is leaving the rap game?
[Image via Instagram.]
/n