People Are Freaking Out Over Marion Cotillard’s Lips/n





                    5 Things That You May Not Know About Marion Cotillard
                







Get to know the Academy Award winner. 

 MORE >>










                    Marion Cotillard Responds to Brad Pitt Affair Rumors
                







No affair here. 

 MORE >>





Marion Cotillard’s new look is creating quite a frenzy.

When the Oscar winner shared several selfies of her with noticeably fuller lips on Monday (March 6, 2017), fans everywhere freaked out, wondering if the Allied actress had gotten fillers to achieve a Kylie Jenner-esque pout. In photos shared on Instagram, Cotillard look almost unrecognizable as she puckered up for the camera.
Though Cotillard didn’t specify the reason for the new look, many speculated that she underwent the transformation for Rock’n Roll, a French comedy written and directed by her partner, Guillaume Canet.
“To be … or not to be…,” Cotillard captioned her pictures. She also added the hashtag #rocknrolllefilm and tagged Canet in the selfies.
Regardless, the internet flipped out with many people wondering WTF happened.

Hey is Marion Cotillard OK? Cause her instagrams…
— Becky Brynolf (@rabbitinahat) March 7, 2017


I’m really concerned about Marion Cotillard’s Instagram right now.
— rachel unfilturd (@RachelUnfilturd) March 7, 2017



Marion Cotillard’s instagram is terrifying right now
— Josh (@HatefulJosh) March 7, 2017


Please no no no no no NOOOOO!!! Marion Cotillard…
— Blanca! (@e_sultenfuss) March 7, 2017



Meltdowns on Twitter and Instagram due to Marion Cotillard’s three latest posts.
— Titi Hartinah (@_titihartinah) March 6, 2017


marion cotillard as kylie jenner pic.twitter.com/nLynyjfo06
— amalia millepied (@likeakristen) March 7, 2017



america changed marion cotillard pic.twitter.com/ma8gkEhBeJ
— oprah 2020 (@asdfghunter) March 6, 2017

Hey, maybe she just like overlining her mouth with liner. Take a closer look at the lips everyone is talk about — below.


Marion Cotillard Looks Nearly Unrecognizable with Fuller Lips








































11 Photos »


/n