Rachel McAdams Talks ‘Dr. Strange’ and Possible ‘Mean Girls’ Reunion/n





                    Breaking Hair News: Rachel McAdams Debuts Platinum Blonde Hair
                







The "spotlight" is on her new look

 MORE >>





Rachel McAdams is in full promotion mode for Doctor Strange, but the most exciting information to come out of her interviews has to do with a movie that’s a little older.

In an interview with E! News, McAdams was asked about the possibility of joining Tina Fey’s Mean Girls musical, set to premiere in Washington D.C. sometime soon. (No premiere date has been announced yet.)
“Sure,” McAdams told E!, “I loved that movie. I love Tina Fey. I love the girls.” The actress went on to mention that a photoshoot reunion a few years back that ended too soon for her. “It was over like that. It wasn’t enough. I was back in it.”
She also told the interviewer that she thinks Regina would probably have a few kids of her own by now, and yes they would be mean. Like “plotting your demise from inside the womb” mean, she said.
Elsewhere on the interview circuit, McAdams appeared on The Ellen Show where she talked about the phenomenon of “Cumberbitches,” or super-fans of Dr. Strange star Benedict Cumberbatch. She had asked the actor how he felt about them and shared his lovely response.
“It’s very flattering, but I just wish they called themselves something a bit more respectable like Cumber-humans or Cumber-people,” she quoted Cumberbatch as saying.
Ellen DeGeneres pointed out that neither option goes with “Cumberbatch” and concludes that if he doesn’t get that, he must not be very bright.
McAdams also told a story about how the bike DeGeneres gave her during her last appearance had been defaced. Literally. The cut-out of DeGeneres’s face that adorned the basket had been stolen. As sad as that story is, DeGeneres made sure it had a happy ending, presenting McAdams with a new cut-out, this time with its own lock.


2016 Academy Awards: Rachel McAdams' Dress Wins the Red Carpet








































7 Photos »


Watch the video above for the full interview with more information about Dr. Strange.
/n