 50 Days And Counting! Robert Pattinson Shunning Kristen Stewart While Filming Down Under.../n
They may be miles apart, but Robert Pattinson doesn’t want on/off girlfriend Kristen Stewart to visit him in Australia anytime soon, according to reports.
In Touch magazine claims that Robert, 26, has been reflecting on his relationship with his Twlight Saga co-star while in Adelaide filming his new movie The Rover.
“Rob doesn’t want her to visit,” a friend of the troubled couple tells In Touch. “He felt like they needed space. He wants a break.”
PHOTOS:  Kristen Stewart & Rob Pattinson Go Bowling
And despite being 8,000 miles away, “Rob is really enjoying himself,” an on-set source tells the celebrity gossip magazine.
On February 24, Robert was spotted at a bar near his shooting location munching on garlic bread and chatting with locals.
PHOTOS: Kristen Stewart Dares To Bare In Black Lace At Twilight London Premiere
“He was relaxed and friendly,” an eyewitness recalls. “He even complimented one waitress on her hairstyle.”
But back in Los Angeles, Kristen can’t help but think she’s losing Robert for good as they continue to drift apart.
PHOTOS: Kristen Stewart Wears Leather Dress To On The Road Screening
It’s her insecurities, the tabloid claims, that are driving Robert away.
“She was calling and texting him constantly – if he didn’t respond she would fly off the handle,” the friends says.
PHOTOS: RPattz & KStew Arrive Separately At LAX Thursday
“So he just stopped responding.”
As RadarOnline.com previously reported, Kristen, 22, has been ignoring the advances of her Snow White and the Huntsman director Rupert Sanders, whom she was caught having an affair with last summer.
PHOTOS: Kristen Stewart Bares Her Breasts In On The Road
“Rupert’s reached out to Kristen, but she doesn’t want anything to do with him,” a source told Radar.
“He texted her a number of times after Liberty filed for divorce, however Kristen didn’t respond.
PHOTOS: Kristen Stewart Eyes Rupert Sanders At Dinner In May
“In truth, she regrets ever getting involved with Rupert, because of how much it hurt Robert and the amount of public backlash she was subjected to.
“Kristen doesn’t really know what’s going on with her and Robert at the moment, and she’s been left in limbo. Ideally, she would like things to go back to how they once were, but that’s proving a lot more difficult than she imagined.
PHOTOS: Kristen Stewart Smiles In Paris
“But when it comes to Rupert, that ship has sailed,” the source revealed. /n