 EXCLUSIVE: Interview With Jaycee Lee Dugard’s Grandmother: "Jaycee Felt Guilty That.../n
Jaycee Lee Dugard’s grandmother, Wilma Probyn, has suffered along with the rest of the family for the past 18 years since 11 year old Jaycee’s abduction. In an exclusive interview with RadarOnline.com, Probyn shares how happy she is to have Jaycee back in the family, how Jaycee, and her mom, Terry, are adjusting to her life out of captivity and how Jaycee suffers on even now.
“I speak with Terry all the time,” Probyn tells RadarOnline.com. “She is so happy to have Jaycee back. We all are.
EXCLUSIVE: More Photos From Inside Jaycee Lee Dugard’s Dungeon Tent
“Terry told me that Jaycee is really amazing. That little girl still remembers all of the family as if it was yesterday. She has not forgotten a single family member.
“She is in a state of shock but Jaycee also feels guilty for not having called her mom or dad or anyone – even though she was captive!
EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: Inside Jaycee Lee Dugard’s Sick Backyard Prison
“Terry told me that Jaycee felt guilty that she was kidnapped. She was sorry for making her mommy and daddy worry. I cried when I heard that. Terry told me that she still sees Jaycee as a child. She is having to really learn to communicate with her as an adult who has children of her own. She said that Jaycee even sounds the same.
“They are both taking it really slow. Shayna, Jaycee’s sister is also up there. They are already getting close again and trying to make up for those lost years. Its a lot for Shayna to take in also.
Jaycee Lee Dugard’s Kids “Starved Of Information”: Never Watched TV, Never Heard Of U.S. President; Being “De-Brainwashed”
“Terry is hoping they can go home soon but she told me she is not rushing anything. They have had lots of offers for interviews but they want to give it time. Jaycee and Terry are both very delicate right now.
“The other wonderful outcome is that Carl has overcome that shadow of suspicion that he has lived under for so long. Our friends were wonderful and believed in us – neither Carl nor I ever lost of friend because of these false accusations.
EXCLUSIVE: Read The Psychiatric Report of Jaycee Lee Dugard’s Kidnapper
“Terry reminded me that she had never believed that Carl had taken her. Even when they separated they still remained firm friends. We have all gone on cruises and vacations together and we have all supported each other through these hard years.
“Terry really wants everyone to be a family again. But Jaycee comes first. We will work around her needs.” /n