Hong Kong Housewives! Inside the 'Intense' 'RHOBH' Cast Trip/n
The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills cast and crew hit the road again to film their annual cast trip, and RadarOnline.com has learned that it was seriously “intense!”
A production insider told Radar that that “several ladies” from the new cast, which, so far, consists of Lisa Vanderpump, 56, Kyle Richards, 47, Eileen Davidson, 57, Lisa Rinna, 53, Erika Girardi, 45, and newcomers Dorit Kemsley and Eden Sassoon, headed to Hong Kong in recent weeks.
And it wasn’t all spa treatments and champagne toasts.
PHOTOS: OMG! Sex Tapes, Lies & More! ‘Vanderpump Rules’ Dirtiest Secrets EXPOSED
As fans know, when RHOBH veteran, Vanderpump, is not stirring up drama on reality TV, she is a huge advocate in the global fight against animal cruelty.
And after speaking in front of Congress last month about the Yulin Dog Meat Festival in China, an annual brutal festival that slaughters dogs to be used for food, Vanderpump took her activism show on the road!
“The entire trip to Hong Kong was not spent just fighting against Asia’s dog meat issue, but they did spend a couple of days supporting Lisa and this cause because they know how much dogs mean to her,” said the source.
PHOTOS: ‘Vanderpump Rules’ Star Scheana Shay Sizzles In Her Bikini
The most shocking part of the trip, the insider revealed, is when they filmed scenes on location where the barbaric Yulin celebration is held!
“It was very intense for them because Lisa was met with resistance there,” the insider told Radar.
“But in the end, she accomplished what she went there for. Lisa will not stop fighting until this festival is shut down,” said the source, adding, “The only reason that Lisa has agreed to stay on the show this long is because they always support all of her causes.”
Do you think that ‘The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills’ really needed to go to Hong Kong for this cause or is it overkill? Tell us your thoughts below.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n