Doris Day Comes Out Of Retirement!/n
At the grand old age of 95, Doris Day is aiming for the top of the music charts — for the sake of her beloved animals!
Insiders say the “Que Sera, Sera” singer — who landed more than 40 hits in the Top 20 in her heyday — plans to come out of retirement and record a follow-up to her 2011 album, “My Heart.”
“That album was Doris’ first to hit the charts in 47 years, and ever since it did so well, she’s been pestered to do another one,” a friend tells RadarOnline.
PHOTOS: Doris Day Turns 95 — Her Big Birthday Revelation
Since turning 95 in April, the beloved entertainer has become concerned about her Doris Day Animal Foundation, pals say, a charity she started in 1978 for the care and protection of animals.
“Doris wants to make sure her foundation continues running for many years after she’s gone, so she wants to bolster funding for it,” the friend says.
“Doris still has such a fan base. A new album would sell like hotcakes, and she can put all the profits to her animal causes.”
Her last album featured Doris’ unreleased recordings from the 1980s — but now she wants to give fans something new!
“Doris is in good health for a woman her age, but she is hard of hearing and she really can’t sing any longer,” another source dishes.
PHOTOS: First Sighting! Gisele Bundchen Spotted With No Makeup After Runway Retirement Announcement
“But she has talked to old Hollywood friends like Kaye Ballard and fellow animal rights activist Betty White about joining her in the recording studio to do humorous ­spoken-word skits, with maybe a bit of singing.
“Doris knows fans would love that, and she’d be giving them something new.
“Plus, she can fill out the ­album with unreleased songs sitting in the vault.”
Besides her amazing singing career, Doris was named America’s top female movie star four times before turning her back on Hollywood in 1986.
PHOTOS: Mullets, Braces, & Baby Fat – 15 Awkward Celebrity Throwback Photos
Today she lives in Carmel, Calif., and rarely appears at public events, spending her time with old pals.
“But the fans have never forgotten her,” the friend notes. “She still receives hundreds of letters every week!
“Doris sees making one more album as not only her last hurrah, but a way to say thank you to those loyal fans who still love her, even though she pulled back from the limelight.
“More than anything, Doris wants her animal foundation to continue. The cash from another record would go a long way to making sure that happens.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n