‘Django Unchained’: Jamie Foxx Gets Medieval on Slaveowners in Quentin Tarantino’s Revenge Thriller (VIDEO)/n





                    Mogul Weinstein on 'Django'
                







Harvey talks up Tarantino's film and other upcoming fare.

 MORE >>





 The second official trailer for Quentin Tarantino’s Django Unchained suggests a staid, corseted period drama that will offer a nuanced, sober-minded, historically accurate depiction of the thorny complexities of slavery in the antebellum South… Nah, just kidding, it looks like a badass, ultraviolent, revenge-minded, revisionist-history spaghetti Western that should do for the pre-Civil War era what Inglourious Basterds did for World War II: blow it up real good.
Unlike the first trailer, released in June, with its deliberately anachronistic’70s-funk soundtrack that made the movie look like a typical Tarantino guns-and-guts joint that happened to be set in the 19th century, the new trailer is backed by mournful horns and distorted guitars that make the footage look more like the spaghetti Western Tarantino’s been promising, something along the lines of a Sergio Leone epic like The Good, the Bad and the Ugly.
The new trailer also offers some new surprises that help flesh out the plot.

From the first trailer, we knew that Django (Jamie Foxx) is a slave acquired by bounty hunter King Schultz (Basterds Oscar-winner Christoph Waltz), who offers Django his freedom in return for his help in hunting down the elusive Brittle brothers. Along the way, the pair determine that Django’s long-missing wife Broomhilda (Kerry Washington) now belongs to sadistic plantation owner Calvin Candie (Leonardo DiCaprio), and that freeing her from his clutches will be their most dangerous mission.
In the new clip, we learn more about the wicked Candie, including the fact that he stages gladiatorial fights between his slaves. We learn that his house slave Stephen (Tarantino regular Samuel L. Jackson) is quick to suspect newcomers Django and King. And, in a bit of comic relief, we meet Jonah Hill as a member of a proto-Ku Klux Klan posse who has forgotten his hood and wonders if anyone else brought an extra one.
 

Leonardo DiCaprio's Career Evolution








































25 Photos »



Most of the rest of the trailer is gunfire, explosions, and bloodletting, but staged with the kinetic excitement and inventiveness that Tarantino fans have come to expect. Through it all, Foxx stays unnervingly quiet, as if he’s busy mentally adding up the likely psychic and emotional toll of unleashing his justifiable fury.
What do you think? Does the clip make you excited to see Django Unchained when it opens on Dec. 25? Let us know below.
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n