Giveaway Alert! Lionsgate Movie Pack Featuring ‘Now You See Me 2,’ ‘Southside with You’ and More/n





                    Forbes Lists Biggest Movie Turkeys of 2016
                







For all the movies that made huge bank in 2016 (thanks, Disney)...

 MORE >>





Are you ready to add some movies to your movie collection? Celebuzz is giving away a Lionsgate movie pack featuring Now You See Me 2, Southside with You, Nerve and Equals.
How to enter to win:
1) Leave a comment on this post telling us what your favorite movie of all time is and why!
2) Feel free to leave multiple comments!
3) When leaving your comment(s), make sure you are logged in using a valid email address! We will contact the winner via email next week.
4) You must live in the continental United States and be 18-years-old or older to enter. You have until midnight PST December 18, 2016.
About the movies:
Now You See Me 2 





Synopsis: The Four Horsemen (Eisenberg, Harrelson, Franco, Caplan) return for a second mind-bending adventure, elevating the limits of stage illusion to new heights and taking them around the globe. One year after outwitting the FBI and winning the public’s adulation with their Robin Hood-style magic spectacles, the illusionists resurface for a comeback performance in hopes of exposing the unethical practices of a tech magnate. The man behind their vanishing act is none other than Walter Mabry (Radcliffe), a tech prodigy who threatens the Horsemen into pulling off their most impossible heist yet. Their only hope is to perform one last unprecedented stunt to clear their names and reveal the mastermind behind it all. Price: Blu-ray $39.99
Starring: Jesse Eisenberg, Mark Ruffalo, Woody Harrelson, Dave Franco, Daniel Radcliffe, Lizzy Caplan, Jay Chou, Sanaa Lathan, with Michael Caine and Morgan Freeman

Southside with You





Synopsis: Inspired by Barack and Michelle Obama’s first date, Southside With You recounts the eventful summer day in 1989 when a charming young law associate named Barack Obama (Parker Sawyers) tries to woo reluctant attorney Michelle Robinson (Tika Sumpter) during a daylong date that takes them from an art exhibit to a screening of Spike Lee’s Do the Right Thing to a sweet first kiss outside of a Baskin-Robbins ice-cream parlor. Price: Blu-ray $24.99
Starring: Tika Sumpter and Parker Sawyers

Nerve





Synopsis: Industrious high school senior, Vee Delmonico (Emma Roberts), has had it with living life on the sidelines. When pressured by friends to join the popular online game Nerve, Vee decides to sign up for just one dare in what seems like harmless fun. But as she finds herself caught up in the thrill of the adrenaline-fueled competition, the game begins to take a sinister turn with increasingly dangerous acts, leading her into a high stakes finale that will determine her entire future. Price: Blu-ray Combo Pack $39.99
Starring: Emma Roberts and Dave Franco

Equals





Synopsis: In this gripping and emotional sci-fi romance from acclaimed director Drake Doremus (Like Crazy), Kristen Stewart and Nicholas Hoult play Nia and Silas, two people who work together in a futuristic society known as “The Collective.” A seemingly utopian world, “The Collective” has ended crime and violence by genetically eliminating all human emotions.  Despite this, Nia and Silas can’t help noticing a growing attraction between them, leading them to a forbidden relationship — at first tentative, but then exploding into a passionate romance.  As suspicion begins to mount among their superiors, the couple will be forced to choose between going back to the safety of the lives they have always known, or risking it all to try and pull off a daring escape. Price: Blu-ray $24.99
Starring: Nicholas Hoult and Kristen Stewart



The 10 Biggest Box Office Hits of 2016 (Thus Far)








































10 Photos »


/n