Sage the Gemini Really, Really Wants to Get Back Together with Jordin Sparks/n





                    Jordin Sparks and Sage the Gemini Break Up
                







Love is dead in 2016. 

 MORE >>










                    Is Jordin Sparks on Tinder?
                







Swipe right for Mr. Right. 

 MORE >>





Is this a desperate plea from a heartbroken ex-lover or a heavily-worded booty call?

Whatever the case may be, Sage the Gemini is starting to sound a bit like Robin Thicke circa the Paula era in a new lengthy note to ex-girlfriend Jordin Sparks. In the long message, which was shared on Intagram, the “Gas Pedal” rapper basically begs his ex to reconsider their recent breakup after seeing her looking “so amazing” at Clive Davis’ pre-Grammys party over the weekend.
“You the only girl I can call at 3 in the morning and you’ll answer no problem. You the only girl that can wake up out of a dead sleep and get me some water because I was coughing in my sleep the only girl that loves me the way you were supposed to,” he begins. “I miss you to much to watch you look so amazing at the Clyde Davis party and not be able to call you and express how much I appreciated the look because you won’t answer nor text back the feeling is horrible.”



A photo posted by Sage Woods (@sagethegemini) on Feb 16, 2016 at 1:47pm PST



Sharing a photo of the two of them together, the 23-year-old continues:
But yea this shit is crazy i just wanna tell you I’m still being a good boy just incase you come to your senses. Valentine’s Day was supposed to be a special day I wanted that to be our anniversary because it’s your grandparents and maybe we could’ve double dated remember? Please call me back I just want like a hug and a kiss or something.
Word got out last week that Sparks, 26, had called it quits with Sage the Gemini after 10 months of dating.
Though neither have spoken up about exactly what went wrong in the relationship, both the American Idol alum and her former beau have removed photos of one another from their social media accounts.


Celebrity Hookups of 2016








































37 Photos »


/n