Patton Oswalt & Meredith Salenger Get ENGAGED A Month After Making Their Red Carpet Debut As A Couple!/n

Patton Oswalt has found love again!
On Thursday, it was reported that the celebrated comedian is engaged to actress Meredith Salenger a little over a year after his late wife, Michelle McNamara, died unexpectedly in her sleep. Congratulations!!
Related: Sophie Turner Says There's A Catch To Dating Joe Jonas
The King of Queens alum and the 47-year-old only went public with their relationship last month when they hit the red carpet at the El Lay premiere for Baby Driver. Still, the twosome haven't been shy about flaunting their love on social media, as they've posted several pics together on Instagram and Twitter.
In fact, it appears as though this relationship has had a positive impact on the both of them. Nonetheless, it's believed that the duo have only been dating for a few months. According to a source via People, Oswalt and Salenger's romance came about thanks to their mutual friend Martha Plimpton.
The insider dished:
"They met through mutual friend Martha Plimpton. They started chatting as friends and it blossomed from there."
We hope Patton's eight-year-old daughter, Alice Rigney, is just as excited as the couple.
Anywho, Meredith even teased her engagement news as she took to IG TWICE this week and posted:




I don't wanna brag… but check out the size of The Rock on my finger! Hahahah (photoshop via @edwardderuiter)A post shared by Meredith Salenger (@meredithsalenger) on Jul 6, 2017 at 8:29am PDT






Once upon a time… in 2008… at my friend's wedding… I caught the bouquet… #fairytalesdoexistA post shared by Meredith Salenger (@meredithsalenger) on Jul 5, 2017 at 12:28pm PDT


We see you, Meredith. The Lake Placid actress isn't the only one being sneaky online as earlier this week Patton wrote on Twitter:

Aw, it's like we're already married! https://t.co/pgeF869i88
— Patton Oswalt (@pattonoswalt) July 4, 2017
Congrats again, you two!
[Image via Instagram.]
/n