‘Vampire Diaries’ Star Ian Somerhalder Talks What’s Next for Damon’s Love Life/n





                    Ian Somerhalder's Twitter Got Hacked
                







'Password123' wasn't a strong enough password, Ian Somerhalder...

 MORE >>





Damon will always have Elena in his heart.
The Vampire Diaries returns tonight for its seventh season and the first episode without Nina Dobrev, so how exactly will the show move on without their leading woman? Besides being naked this season, Ian Somerhalder revealed to E! News how his character will be coping with the situation of his on-screen girlfriend being in a sleep state for the next 6-7 decades.
All I can say about that is that they were great characters separate, they were great characters together, and they remain great characters separated. Damon is still here and he’s still evolving and he’s still having a blast and he’s still saying super-smarmy, ridiculously overly confident, very wildly embarrassing and degrading things and he will continue to do that, but with a little love for Elena in his heart.


A Look Back At Nina Dobrev And Ian Somerhalder's Relationship








































10 Photos »


I’m thinking that this is the evolution of the show. Obviously she is in his heart and he is going to have a very tough time understanding how to go on, but that’s what drama’s for… I said, ‘As long as he can fit up to eight sorority girls, then that’s how big we should make the bed.’ That’s Damon Salvatore, you know what I mean? He’s not married.
So basically we shouldn’t expect Damon Salvatore to be wallowing in a bottle of bourbon now that Elena’s not around. We’re not at all surprised since he is a jerk, but come on she’s the love of his life. Somerhalder, on the other hand, does desperately want fans to live tweet during the show. So much so, he begged on Instagram.



These two guys are on TV tonight.Watch live with us! I’ll be live tweeting and answering your questions! Do this with us please… Listen, I get it, it’s hard to schedule sitting in front of the television and watching live TV but I need you watching this with us if you can! Let the network know that you still love our show-and that you’re happy to be back in Mystic Falls with us. But I’m asking you, to sit with me, smile and go through this story together this season. Are you with me? CW 8PM TONIGHT! Yes? Love, Damon, Stefan, Ian and Paul
A photo posted by iansomerhalder (@iansomerhalder) on Oct 8, 2015 at 7:35am PDT


 The Vampire Diaries airs Thursdays at 8 p.m. EST on the CW. 

/n