Sexting Teen Claims Detectives Forced Him To Take Explicit Photos Of Himself/n
Trey Sims, the Virginia teen charged with child pornography in 2014 after sexting his 15-year-old girlfriend, has filed a civil rights lawsuit against the detectives handling his case, claiming he was forced to take explicit photos of himself during the investigation .
According to recent reports, the 19-year-old alleged that police officers told him pull down his pants for photos of his penis in order to compare them with the sexts found on his girlfriend’s phone.
The detectives were then granted a warrant, thanks to assistant Prince William commonwealth attorney, Claiborne Richardson II, allowing them to gather photographs of the Sims’ erect penis, the Washington Post reported.
PHOTOS: The Face Of Evil: Jared Fogle’s Lawyer Blames ‘Medical Problem’ For Child Sex Crimes — First Photos Since Confession

Fortunately for Sims, the warrant caused too much public controversy, forcing authorities to forego the operation.
Shockingly, David E. Abbott Jr., a leading officer in the case, was accused of molesting two underage boys the following year, both of whom played hockey for a team he coached. Abbott reportedly committed suicide as police were working towards his arrest.
But it was during Sims’ custody in a local juvenile center that Abbott’s questionable behavior began, as he allegedly ordered the teen to pull down his pants so he could take photos of his flaccid penis using a cell phone.
According to Sims’ lawyer, Victor M. Glasberg, the teen was forced to position his penis for the pictures “as though masturbating, thereby creating child pornography.”
PHOTOS: Secret Pedophile For Years! How Jared Fogle Got Away With His Sick Child Sex Crimes In 8 Clicks
Glasberg further claimed that Abbott was “simply gratifying his own perverse pleasures” by photographing Sims’ genitalia.
“There are some things,” Glasberg added, “that are so outrageously inappropriate that somebody’s got to blow the whistle and say, ‘You can’t do this .'”
Sims, who was granted one year of probation in the child pornography case — including 100 hours of community service, a curfew and no access to social media or texting — has filed a lawsuit against Abbott’s estate and Richardson.
Story developing. /n