Is Angelina Jolie Secretly Dating Jared Leto?/n
It’s that time of the week again when the celebrity weeklies hit the newsstands. To separate what’s real and rumor, we turned to our friends at Gossip Cop for the 411 on this week’s most controversial stories.

Angelina Jolie is leaning on Jared Leto for comfort during her divorce from Brad Pitt, and now there’s a “spark between them,” reports Star. The publication notes they’ve met several times for dinner, and she adores how “Jared has a special way of making her feel good about herself.” For how serious they’ve become, see what insiders tell Gossip Cop.
Jennifer Aniston is pregnant at 48, announces Star on its newest cover. The magazine notes, “After 16 months of fertility treatments, setbacks and heartbreak, the actress and Justin Theroux’s “baby dreams have finally come true,” and they are “totally overjoyed.” For details about her due date and the sex of the child, see what Aniston’s rep confirms to Gossip Cop.
Meghan Markle is moving in with Prince Harry, reports OK!. The publication notes the royal and the actress are “secretly engaged,” and Markle’s hoping to get “settled as soon as possible” in Prince Harry’s cottage in Kensington Palace. For when she’s moving in, and details about how Prince Charles and Queen Elizabeth II have reacted, click over to Gossip Cop.
Kylie Jenner is struggling to eat and speak because of her lip fillers, reveals In Touch. The publication says, “She’s had so much lip filler that it’s hard for her to eat and drink and talk.” She’s even having “problems pronouncing certain words.” For how freaked out Jenner is about the severity of her condition, go to Gossip Cop.
Johnny Depp is pursuing Daisy Ridley on the set of Murder on the Orient Express, reveals Star. The publication reports he’s developed a crush on his film co-star, which has put Ridley in “a tough spot.” For whether Ridley is going to “change her mind” and date him, see what a source close to her shockingly leaks to Gossip Cop.
/n