FX series. John P. Johnson/HBO Jeffrey Wright, Westworld The actor is nominated for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series for his role of Bernard on the HBO series. Matt Sayles/Invision/AP Leslie Jones, Saturday Night.../n
Blessed be the fruit; This year's batch of Emmy nominees include a slew of stars from breakout new shows.The Handmaid's Tale, Hulu's dystopian drama series based on Margaret Atwood's 1985 novel, was a hit with critics and is nominated for 13 awards, including Outstanding Drama Series, while stars Elisabeth Moss, Ann Dowd, Samira Wiley and Alexis Bledelearned individual nods."Well I'm in a little bit of shock!! 13 nominations is absolutely insane," Moss said in a statement to E! News. "I woke up to a gif from my publicist Erica of a shirtless Anthony Rizzo from the Cubs and knew it was good news (because a shirtless Rizzo is always good news) but 13 is blowing my mind! I'm so intensely proud of my cast and crew who put their blood, sweat and tears (literally) into this show. This is not a solo sport and each and every one of them is responsible for helping make something we could be proud of.""Nolite te bastardes Carborundorum, bitches," she added, quoting a line from The Handmaid's Tale.Meanwhile, HBO's breakout futuristic series Westworld, which tells of a robot theme park, is also nominated for the top drama award and its stars Evan Rachel Wood, Anthony Hopkins, Thandie Newton and Jeffrey Wright also received individual nods. Wood, who plays Doloros, said in a statement to E! News that her character "is the bravest and most complex character I have portrayed.""It is an honor to be a part of the cast of Westworld," she added. "It really is the best job I've ever had."

Most of the main stars of NBC freshman drama This Is Us and HBO's limited series Big Little Lies, starring Nicole Kidman, Reese Witherspoon and Shailene Woodley, were also nominated.Meanwhile, SNL's Kate McKinnon and breakout star Leslie Jones are both nominated for their supporting roles in a comedy.

Stranger Things, Netflix's '80s sci-fi drama and breakout summer 2016 hit, also got its due."Ahhhh! Only in my dreams could I have imagined this," said Millie Bobby Brown, who is nominated for her supporting role. "Thank you to the Television Academy for the incredible amount of love and support they have shown me and our show this morning. I have so much fun playing Eleven, and am forever grateful to The Duffers, Shawn Levy and Netflix for allowing me the opportunity to become her. This is an unbelievable honor, and I can't wait to dance the night away with the cast and Stranger Things team!"
/n