Hung Star Thomas Jane: I Was Never a Gay Prostitute Thomas Jane never worked the streets. The Golden Globe-nominated Hung star says he was misquoted a couple of months ago when he reportedly implied in an interview that he turned to man-on-m.../n
Thomas Jane never worked the streets.The Golden Globe-nominated Hung star says he was misquoted a couple of months ago when he reportedly implied in an interview that he turned to man-on-man hustling when he was a struggling young actor.

In October, The Los Angeles Times quoted him as saying, "You  know, when I was a kid out here in L.A., I was homeless, I didn't have  any money and I was living in my car. I was 18. I wasn't averse to going  down to Santa Monica Boulevard and letting a guy buy me a sandwich.  Know what I mean?"Apparently not."In the interviews that I did, I never said I was a prostitute," Jane says in a new interview with addiction and recovery website The Fix.  "I was talking about my [early] time in Hollywood: I said that I'd had a  sexually adventurous time and I was trying to relate that to how I play  a prostitute on TV—trying to relate my experience to my character's  experience—and well, people heard what they wanted to hear."He said, "I suppose 'sexually adventurous youth' wasn't as much of a headline grabber."What definitely is a headline grabber is getting pulled over four times in one night because he was drinking and driving.

Jane had been driving back to L.A. from a friend's funeral about three years ago after having a couple of whiskeys.The  first three cops let him go, but the last arrested him. "Each  time I  got pulled over, I was driving faster than I was the previous  time,"  Jane told Fix executive editor Anna David. "The first  time I  got stopped, I was sleeping in my car. Not driving, just  sleeping:  passed out behind the wheel. Then I got pulled over for doing  100 miles  per hour, then 120. The last time, I was doing 142."He stopped drinking after that night.Jane  remembered, "Getting woken up in a jail in Bakersfield to sign  an  autograph at four o'clock in the morning was when I said to myself,   'This is not the way I want to live my life.' "
/n