Amy Schumer Says She’s Dating a “New Dude” After Breaking Up with Ben Hanisch/n





                    That Time Amy Schumer Dropped $2,000 Just to Use a Store's Restroom
                







LOL!

 MORE >>










                    Amy Schumer and Ben Hanisch Part Ways
                







Love is dead. 

 MORE >>





Amy Schumer has moved on.

Just weeks after announcing her breakup with boyfriend Ben Hanisch, the Snatched star opened up about a new budding relationship during a stand-up routine at the Hilarity For Charity event Thursday night (June 8, 2017). The comedienne joked about her love life by recounting an embarrassing moment with her ex, before revealing to the crowd she’s started dating again.
“I went through a breakup about a month ago,” she told the crowd, according to AOL. “We [dated for] a year-and-a-half, you know, it’s not that bad.”



Absolutely not
A post shared by @amyschumer on Mar 12, 2017 at 10:39am PDT



“We went out with a couple that had been together for a long time,” she remembered. “We were trying to rush the intimacy, like I was trying to impress the girl. I was like, ‘Well, he woke me up this morning with a fart!’ And he just slowly turned to me and he goes, ‘Are we doin’ this?'”
“I was like, ‘No, no, no, no, no, we’re not opening fire! Don’t tell me any of the disgusting sh*t I’ve done!'” she continued. “I wanted male confidence, like, I noticed this thing. He had — and I think most men here — you have this mirror face. It’s a face that men only make when they look in the mirror, and they don’t make it in their real life.”
“I’m dating this new dude,” she quipped. “He’s awesome. He’s like Stephen Hawking … sexually.”
Amy and Ben, a furniture designer, broke up earlier this year after more than a year together. “Amy and Ben have ended their relationship after thoughtful consideration and remain friends,” a statement from the actress’ rep read.


Amy Schumer and Ben Hanisch Make Red Carpet Debut


































5 Photos »


/n