Meghan Markle Shuts Down Her Lifestyle Website! Is It For Prince Harry???/n

Is she doing this for Prince Harry? We're just gonna go ahead and assume that, LOLz!
Meghan Markle announced on Friday that she's shutting down her lifestyle website, The Tig. The site featured articles on some of her favorite things, mainly food and travel.
Related: Meghan & Prince Harry's Love Story!
The Suits star wrote: 
"After close to three beautiful years on this adventure with you, it's time to say goodbye," she explained to fans in a letter posted on the website's home page. "What began as a passion project (my little engine that could) evolved into an amazing community of inspiration, support, fun and frivolity. You've made my days brighter and filled this experience with so much joy."
She added:
"Keep finding those Tig moments of discovery, keep laughing and taking risks, and keep being 'the change you wish to see in the world.' Above all, don't ever forget your worth - as I've told you time and time again: you, my sweet friend, you are enough."
Awwww! *sniff*
She also said bye on her Instagram:




Thank you to all the supporters of The Tig! From followers to contributors, you have become friends ❤ It is YOU who have made this Tig community so special. And even though I haven't met most of you, for three years I've seen your faces and read your comments and hugged you from afar. (Domi, Em, Hannah, Sol, Iris, Doris, Jessy, Simone, Cassy….and so many more! I will always be grateful for your support). Go to @thetigofficial or thetig.com to see our official send-off. Sending all the love xx MM #TigFarewellA post shared by Meghan Markle (@meghanmarkle) on Apr 7, 2017 at 9:19am PDT


The actress launched the website in 2014, explaining to Tory Daily that it was inspired by wine:
"Tignanello is a full-bodied red wine that I tried about seven years ago. In wine circles, it is nicknamed "Tig." It was my first moment of getting it — I finally understood what people meant by the body, structure, finish, legs of wine. The TIG is my nickname for me getting it. Not just wine, but everything."
Meghan also mentioned that she wrote 100% of the content but had people help her with graphic design and other minutiae.
Perhaps she got too busy dating a real-life prince to continue working on the site. We understand, girl!
Go on and become a princess already!
[Image via WENN.]
/n