company to honor my Southern heritage and in particular my grandparents who were, and still are, the greatest influences in my life: my grandmother, Dorothea Draper and my grandfather, William James Witherspoon. My grandparents taught me eve.../n
The competition for the best celebrity lifestyle website just got fiercer!Today none other than Reese Witherspoon announced the launch of her new company, Draper James. In a nutshell it's an e-commerce site with a focus on all things southern, with additions like guides to dressing the part at all times or where to eat in New Orleans.As Reese writes on the Draper James bio page, "I started this company to honor my Southern heritage and in particular my grandparents who were, and still are, the greatest influences in my life: my grandmother, Dorothea Draper and my grandfather, William James Witherspoon. My grandparents taught me everything I know about gracious Southern living. From them I learned to dress and act like a lady, to take pride in my home, to reach out to help a neighbor, and to always invite everyone in for a visit." In other words, it's like Preserve for southerners. Or Goop for southerners.

If it seems like a new guide to living like an A-list actress crops up just about every day, that's because it does. That's not necessarily a complaint, though—there are worse ways to pass the minutes of your lunch hour than scrolling through enviable pictures of the latest all-vegan eco-lodge in Nicaragua or reading recipes for macrobiotic lasagna that you'll never make.But it still can be a bit stressful to try and keep up with all the #DietGoals and #WardrobeGoals and #VacationGoals on the web; the celebrities-telling-you-how-to-be-better genre is getting a bit crowded. Which is why a handy guide that tells you whether you should subscribe to Draper James, Gwyneth Paltrow's Goop or Blake Lively's Preserve is exactly what the world needs right now.Below simply match your personality or interests to the relevant lifestyle guide, and then just sit back and wait for the transformation-to-A-lister to begin.

If you aspire to be a lady who lunches: Draper James. Not only does the site cater to the white-gloved, fanning-yourself-while-you-pick-at-your-salad kind of crowd, it will provide you with an endless of array of flouncy dresses to wear to such affairs. Even if you're still catching your midday meals at your desk, it never helps to dress the part.If you have an unstoppable sweet tooth: Preserve. Holy cannoli, can Blake Lively pull together a recipe for baked goods. Cheesecake? Check. Blueberry muffins? Check please.If you like your flowers both in a vase AND on your clothes: Draper James. Thanks to Reese Witherspoon, we've now learned that the quickest way to infuse your life with Southern chic-ness is a healthy dose of floral prints. Bonus points if you also incorporate lace.If you're in the frequent flier program for every major airline: Goop. Nobody lives the good life (or should we say travels the good travel) like our GP. She's been anywhere and everywhere and is always up to point you in the direction of your dream destination's nearest vagina steam luxury spa. If you shop solely at farmers markets and always ask about the origin of the seafood at restaurants: Preserve. Blake is all about learning the story behind the product, and supporting local artisans who create everything from textiles to organic chocolates. She's basically the living embodiment of the Shop Local movement.If you're, ahem, a little randy (in the sack we mean): Goop. Looking for something to take your bedroom life to the next level? Gwyn will hook you up with all sorts of potions and solvents "guaranteed" to get the job done.

If you're more on the shy side: Draper James. Manners go a long way down south, and a little inspiration from Reese can take you from quiet to charming with the snap of an embroidered guest towel. If you don't apologize for looking pretty: Draper James. That is literally listed as one of their mantras. If you do apologize for it, you're better off in Blake Lively's Land of Comical Self-Deprecation.If butter is your favorite ingredient: Draper James or Preserve. Just whatever you do, keep your stick of the Devil's Lubricant away from Goop. If your entire wardrobe is investment pieces: Goop. Say what you will about her lack of affordable shopping options, but man can GP pick out a good gladiator sandal.If you're a total NPR nerd: Preserve. All Things Considered? All things approved. Storycorps? Story hell yeah. Anyone with a passion for discovery or simply an interest in learning about other people will find kindred spirits in Preserve's artisan stories and inspirational tales.If you really need advice on the perfect fishtail braid: None of the above. Get thee back to Pinterest, and don't ever let these ladies catch you googling "Mason jar salads" again. 
/n