Bon Iver’s Justin Vernon: ‘I Hate’ The Grammys/n





                    2013 Grammy Nominations
                







Jay-Z and Kanye West dominate the categories.

 MORE >>










                    Grammys Snub Bieber
                









 MORE >>





Justin Bieber’s manager Scooter Braun isn’t the only one who has a bone to pick with the Recording Academy.
Bon Iver’ frontman Justin Vernon, who in February took home two Grammy awards, has gone on the record to voice his take on the annual music awards show.
“this is why i hate the grammies. because it allows you to question what you’ve done. don’t question what you’ve done Ed,” Vernon wrote on Twitter Thursday, in response to Edward Droste of indie group Grizzly Bear.
Like Bieber and so many others, Grizzly Bear was shut out on Wednesday, when the 55th Grammy Award nominations were announced.
The Brooklyn based band, who released their fourth studio album Shields in September, have pretty much been everywhere except the music awards scene.
From countless tours and festivals, to late night talk shows and soundtracks, to finding fans in Beyonce and Jay-Z, the guys from Grizzly Bear are far from unknown. But they’ll have to sit out next year’s Grammy spectacle.
 

grammy awards 2012: Best-dressed celebrities








































10 Photos »



“or maybe we gotta make better music . . . point is a year ago I was so excited you were nominated, and nobody from ‘our world,’” Droste continued on Twitter.
“y’alls music is pure as f**k and there is nobody making music like you and i think it’s truly unique. the grammies aren’t,” Vernon responded, later adding, “All this being said, F**K those morons for not knowing enough about GB.”
Some may recall that Vernon’s Grammy acceptance speech from earlier this year was full of confusion, as his band’s name quickly became a popular search term (and later inspired a Tumblr called “Who Is Bon Iver?”).
“It’s really hard to accept this award,” Vernon said on stage in February, with his new trophy in tow.
“There’s so much talent out here . . . and there’s a lot of talent that’s not here tonight. It’s also hard to accept because you know, when I started to make songs, I did it for the inherent reward of making songs . . . so I’m a little bit uncomfortable up here.”
What do you think of Justin Vernon and Edward Droste’s comments about the Grammy Awards? Do you agree with them? Weigh in below.
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n