Tamra Judge's Estranged Daughter Puts Her On FULL BLAST — See The Shade Over The RHOC Star HERE!/n

Tamra Judge is still VVV estranged from her daughter, Sidney Barney.
A mere month after the Real Housewives Of Orange County star made claims that she and Sidney were on their way to making amends, the 18-year-old came out with her own version of events as she dragged her mother for being "emotionally abusive." Whoa.
Related: RHONY Stars React To Luann's Divorce News!
The young adult clarified her side of the story on Monday evening as she took to Facebook and penned a lengthy rant against Judge. Sidney explained: 

"I want to start by clearing some things up as my mother continues to talk about me despite me requesting her to stop speaking of me publically [sic] as I don't want to be associated with her or the show. For starters, I did not move out when my parents got a divorce nor did I chose my fathers side in the divorce. My parents separated in 2010, I moved out of my mother's house in 2013. Me leaving has nothing to do with the divorce, it has to do with the living conditions at my mothers house and the way she treated me and still treats me today. "
We're guessing this clarification has something to do with the claims Tamra made during the season 10 RHOC reunion. In case you forgot, at the time, the 49-year-old said she hadn't seen Sidney in two years because her daughter had decided to live with her ex, Simon Barney. FYI, Simon and Tamra had a REALLY messy divorce.
Regardless, Sidney credits her mother's "toxic" ways for running her out of the house. Barney continued:

"The reasons I left my mothers house are that she was neglectful (leaving us at home with no food or simply ignoring us entirely), she constantly put herself first and the biggest reason was that she was mentally and emotionally abusive. She was no mother to me. This was an unhealthy environment for all of us kids and unfortunately I was the only one to recognize this and take steps to get out of that toxic environment."
Those are some fighting words! And Sidney has zero interest in reconciling with Tamra as she revealed that she was previously "forced by the courts and [her] father to try to mend the relationship with [her] mother." However, since the Bravolebrity continues to disregard her request to be left out of the spotlight, Sidney couldn't be more done with Tamra.
Related: Lisa & Ken Have Been Sued!
She added:

"The ONLY reason I am not living with her is because she continues to do the things that pushed me out of her house, like talking about me on the show/press/social media, doing embarrassing things on the show, lying to me and putting herself first to name a few."
Apparently, Tamra shared pictures from Sidney's graduation, something she promised the teen she would not do. The high school graduate ranted:

"Not even two weeks after I graduated she posted a photo of me and shared it with her one million followers knowing that it would get picked up by the press. The one thing I asked and have been asking for 4 years now has been to not talk about me because I don't want to be in the spotlight. But Again breaking her promises as per usual, she puts herself, her fame, her reputation, and her bank account before me. If she really wanted a relationship she would keep her promises and recognize that it is no one elses fault but hers that I do not want her in my life."
Oof. She also shared the evidence of Tamra's betrayal on Twitter (below).

https://t.co/v2ndCq9efg pic.twitter.com/DRbM9tMOdt
— sidney barney (@sidney_barney) August 8, 2017
In response to this shade, Tamra has since accused Sidney of being "brainwashed." The blonde TV personality clapped back:

Not surprised. #brainwashed Ask her paid for her very expensive college. I'm good when it works for her and her dad
— Tamra Judge (@TamraBarney) August 8, 2017

Damn. This is some serious family drama. Be sure to read Sidney's entire accusatory post for yourself HERE.
[Image via Instagram.]
/n