Angelina Jolie Breaks Silence on Brad Pitt Divorce, Reveals Bell’s Palsy Diagnosis/n





                    Brad Pitt: 'I'm Not Suicidal'
                







Brad Pitt is just fine, thank you very much.

 MORE >>





Angelina Jolie just revealed some shocking details about her life — including that she was diagnosed with a paralyzing condition.

In her revealing interview with Vanity Fair, the mother-of-six opened up about her health, sharing developed hypertension and Bell’s palsy — a type of facial paralysis which results in muscular weakness on one half of the face — in recent years. The condition damaged her facial nerves and caused her face to droop.
“Sometimes women in families put themselves last,” she said, “until it manifests itself in their own health.”
Jolie, 42, since made a full full recovery thanks to acupuncture. Despite her health concerns, the Oscar winner shared her positive outlook on life. She admittedly even went into surgery “skipping” when she made an appointment to get her ovaries removed following a cancer scare.
“I can’t tell if it’s menopause or if it’s just been the year I’ve had,” she said, revealing she’s noticed extra grey hairs on her head these days. “I actually feel more of a woman because I feel like I’m being smart about my choices, and I’m putting my family first, and I’m in charge of my life and my health. I think that’s what makes a woman complete.”





CREDIT: Mert Alas and Marcus Piggott/Vanity Fair


In the same sit-down, the actress broke her long silence on her highly publicized split from Brad Pitt.
“We’re all just healing from the events that led to the filing,” she said, alluding to the 2016 incident on the couple’s private plane where Pitt allegedly got into a physical altercation with one of their six children. (He was later cleared by the FBI of any child abuse claims.) “They’re not healing from divorce. They’re healing from some … from life, from things in life.”
She added of her ex, “We care for each other and care about our family, and we are both working towards the same goal.”
When asked about rumors that their jet-setting lifestyle put a strain on their family, Jolie replied defensively, “[Our lifestyle] was not in any way a negative.”
“That was not the problem. That is and will remain one of the wonderful opportunities we are able to give our children,” she explained. “They’re six very strong-minded, thoughtful, worldly individuals. I’m very proud of them. … They’ve been very brave. They were very brave.”


Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie Through the Years








































40 Photos »


Since the separation from her husband, Jolie and her kids moved into 11,000-square-foot mansion in the Los Feliz neighborhood of Los Angeles. They previously spent months holed up in a Malibu rental as Jolie and Pitt worked out a temporary custody agreement.
“It’s just been the hardest time, and we’re just kind of coming up for air,” she said. “[This house] is a big jump forward for us, and we’re all trying to do our best to heal our family.”
In addition to opening up lines of communication with Pitt, Jolie revealed she has taken steps to reconcile with her estranged father, Jon Voight.
“He’s been very good at understanding they needed their grandfather at this time,” she said of Voight, who split from Jolie’s mother Marcheline Bertrand after just five years of marriage in 1976. “I had to do a therapy meeting last night and he was just around. He knows kind of the rule—don’t make them play with you. Just be a cool grandpa who’s creative, and hang out and tell stories and read a book in the library.”





CREDIT: Mert Alas and Marcus Piggott/Vanity Fair


/n