Ariana Grande’s Manager Scooter Braun Reflects on Manchester Bombing: ‘Fear Cannot Rule the Day’/n





                    Ariana Grande's Tour Is Officially Suspended
                







An act of safety

 MORE >>





Ariana Grande’s manager Scooter Braun paid tribute to Manchester in an impassioned series of tweets sent out in the early hours of Thursday morning (May 25, 2017).

Braun reflected on how Monday’s bombing of Manchester Arena has changed the way he will experience life from now on. He said that his moment of clarity arrived during a Korean barbecue dinner with his parents earlier that evening.
“We drank and ate and laughed with the tables next to us. I experienced joy,” Braun wrote. “I experienced joy for the first time in days. And I remembered…we r free. We are all different but we r free to enjoy eachother’s company.”
He continued by saying that he will honor the 22 lives that were lost by living each day to the fullest.
“I welcome the differences of my neighbor,” Braun wrote. “The wish of terrorism is to take away that feeling of freedom and joy. No. That is my answer. No. We cant allow it. Fear cannot rule the day.”


More people die each year from car crashes then terrorism. Yet I will get in my car. I will choose to live then to be afraid. So…
— Scooter Braun (@scooterbraun) May 25, 2017



2016 MTV Video Music Awards: Ariana Grande








































6 Photos »


“Manchester, I stand with you. Jakarta I stand with u..children of Syria I stand with you. We will honor you by not giving in to the darkness,” Braun announced, saying that the act of terror made him appreciate every day instead of causing him to change how he lives.


With extraordinary evil we must fight with extraordinary greatness. Fight on. Goodnight world. Tomorrow I live full.
— Scooter Braun (@scooterbraun) May 25, 2017



I will honor all of u by laughing loving and living. Living full for every wonderful innocent child whose life was taken too soon.
— Scooter Braun (@scooterbraun) May 25, 2017

“Am I angry? Hell yes. But how will we respond? With everything you think you took from us… love and joy and life!” he concluded.
/n