Batman's Sidekick Goes To The Dogs!/n
TV’s crime-busting Boy Wonder, Burt Ward, is a real-life superhero —cleaning up the mean streets by rescuing stray dogs!
But instead of keeping the pups in a modern version of the Bat Cave, the 71-year-old actor, who played Batman’s partner Robin in the campy ’60s series alongside Adam West, has let 50 mutts move into his home!
“I was the caped crusader; now I’m the canine crusader,” Burt tells Radar. “This involves dogs living in my living room, in my bedroom, in my bathroom — in every room of my house!”
PHOTOS: Ruff Life! The Dogs Of ‘Real Housewives’ Steal The Show
Along with his wife, Tracy — heiress to the fortune of billionaire financier Victor Posner — Burt runs Gentle Giants Rescue and Adoptions out of their Norco, Calif., digs just outside L.A.
“We’ve taken in 15,500 dogs in a 23-year period, so we don’t have time to do other things!” he says.
But this dynamic duo doesn’t just rescue dogs — they add years to the canines’ lives with great care and a special diet, says Burt.
PHOTOS: From The White House To The Dog House! Secrets & Scandals Of America’s First Kids EXPOSED
“Our dogs are living to be 27 years old,” Burt proudly says. “That’s twice their normal life expectancy. That’s consistency, not anomaly.”
He credits the longer life spans to their private brand of all-natural, low-fat Gentle Giants dog food — which is available on the Gentle Giants website.
“It’s not profitable, but we don’t do it for profit,” he says. “We made it for our dogs.”
PHOTOS: So Sad! ‘Teen Mom 2’ Star Chelsea Houska’s Dog Darla Dies
“My wife and I make no salary. We have no employees. And we still don’t make money!”
With their massive pack of pups, the generous couple go through 600 pounds of dog food a month, which costs a whopping $14,000!
The yearly tab is a staggering $168,000!
Holy doggie bags! That’s a lot of puppy chow — and a lot of puppy poop!
So who cleans up?
Says the dogged dog lover: “We do!”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n