EXCLUSIVE! Norman Reedus Reveals Rihanna Is His Heaven When The Walking Dead Takes Over Inside the Actors Studio Waiting for The Walking Dead to return is just as arduous as running from a pack of zombies, trust us, we know, but there's.../n
Waiting for The Walking Dead to return is just as arduous as running from a pack of zombies, trust us, we know, but there's a tasty morsel coming your way when the cast hits Bravo's Inside the Actors Studio. E! News has exclusively learned cast members Lauren Cohan, Danai Gurira, Norman Reedus and Steven Yeun, along with executive producers Robert Kirkman and Scott M. Gimple, sat down with host James Lipton on set of the AMC series and the episode will air on Thursday, Feb. 11 at 8 p.m. on Bravo."We took Inside the Actors Studio right onto the set of The Walking Dead to find out what the terror, thrills, courage and compassion we see on the screen are like, up close and very personal," Lipton, who recently took home the Critic's Choice Award for best talk show host, said in a statement. "Join us—if you dare!"

Look for heartwarming revelations and secrets to be revealed. Some choice teasers:"Wow, I wasn't expecting you. Come on back, there's seven Rihannas waiting for you in a hot tub," Reedus said when asked what he'd liked to hear God say at the gates of Heaven, if it exists."He's the first one to set; he's the last one to leave. He's our actors' quarterback. And he's the screamer on set…he gets everyone pumped up. I can't say enough good things about him. He deserves all of this," Reedus on costar Andrew Lincoln."I'm trying to do all of these breathing exercises because when I found out we were going to come on your show, the first thing I promised myself was I wasn't going to cry because everybody cries and I already cry so easily so…," Cohan said, crying. "Oh shoot!"

"She is a vessel of emotion, spontaneity, of beauty…there's a lot there. And you can throw anything at it, and you will get so much back," Yeun on working with Cohan."At first I was a scaredy-cat, and I really had trouble… but [the series] was so full of heart and character and rich story that that started to really trump the fear factor for me," Gurira said.The Walking Dead, which has delivered record ratings for AMC and has been the top show in the coveted 18-49 ratings demographic for the last four years, returns with new episodes Sunday, Feb. 14 at 9 p.m.What do you need to know about the big return? Oh, well, Negan is coming. Jeffrey Dean Morgan will debut the "game changer" character during the second half of season six.(E! and Bravo are both part of the NBCUniversal family.)
/n