James Gandolfini's Funeral: Sopranos Costars Say Goodbye/n
Friends and family are saying their final goodbyes to James Gandolfini.  
During the late actor’s Thursday morning funeral service at the Cathedral Church of Saint John the Divine on Manhattan’s Upper West Side, the triple-Emmy winner was remembered by his wife Deborah Lin Gandolfini, family friends Thomas Richardson and Susan Aston and David Chase, the creator and executive producer of the television show that made Gandolfini a household name, The Sopranos.  
Also in attendance were Gandolfini’s Sopranos costars Edie Falco, Michael Imperioli, Lorraine Bracco, Jamie-Lynn Sigler, Steve Schirripa, Tony Sirico, Vincent Pastore, Aida Turturro, Dominic Chianese, Joe Pantoliano, Julianna Margulies and Steve Buscemi, his Juror costar Alec Baldwin and God of Carnage costar Marcia Gay Harden, as well as New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie. The 90-minute service was lead by the Very Rev. Dr. James A. Kowalski. 
A day prior, a private by-invitation-only wake was held for Gandolfini in New Jersey. New York’s Daily News reported that Gandolfini’s widow and his 8-month-old daughter Liliana were among the first to arrive.   
Fans, friends and family members have left flowers at the Robert Spearing Funeral Home in Park Ridge, N.J., the site of Wednesday’s wake, which took place near to where Gandolfini grew up. Broadway theaters also paid tribute, dimming their marquee lights in his memory this week.   
Gandolfini died of a heart attack while vacationing with his 13-year-old son, Michael, in Rome on June 19.   
Edie Falco hugs costar Aida Turturro at James Gandolfini’s funeralStan Honda/Getty
More James Gandolfini Coverage:• James Gandolfini’s Teen Son Called for Help from Hotel Room: Report• James Gandolfini Dies at Age 51• ON EW.COM: Tony Soprano’s 15 Best Quotes• Edie Falco Remembers James Gandolfini’s ‘Tremendous Depth and Sensitivity’• Remembering James Gandolfini: Famous Fans Mourn the Actor Online
James Gandolfini: His Iconic Roles 
/n