It’s Denim Day: A Look Back at the Most Memorable Denim Fashion/n





                    This Week In Kardashian Fashion
                







Kris Jenner Steals Kim Kardashian's Style and More

 MORE >>





Who knew that Denim would serve for more than a fashion statement?

Denim Day is celebrated on April 27th in support of sexual assault survivors. The Peace Over Violence Organization uses this day to spread sexual violence prevention and education. Celebuzz! is honoring the national holiday by looking back at our favorite celebrity denim looks!
Young Brad Pitt in his Denim Glory Days





CREDIT: Getty Images


Before Angelina Jolie, Jennifer Aniston, and the all the tabloid madness, Brad Pitt was an uprising Hollywood it-boy getting asked to model for numerous brands. Modeling in denim became somewhat of a trademark for The Big Short actor, leaving thousands of fans swooning over him.
Every Pop Group Had a Denim Phase At One Point





CREDIT: MTV Style


Denim has always found it’s way back into trending, and pop groups are usually the first one to jump into that bandwagon. Destiny’s Child sure didn’t miss that beat back in their prime.


Christie Brinkley Leaves ‘HuffPost Live’ in Denim Outfit








































26 Photos »


Denim Makes For a Good Prop





CREDIT: Flaunt Magazine 


Nick Jonas gave fans a peak at his package when he posed for Flaunt Magazine in his Marky Mark-inspired shoot. Though the denim had little to do in these photos, it sure helped with making it into this list.
Denim Is Mandatory When You’re Badass Fugitives





CREDIT: Getty Images


One of the most iconic denim statements was pulled off by Susan Sarandon and Geena Davis in Thelma and Louise. The female leads flee the police in their memorable denim looks, all while making it look effortlessly cool.
The Most Iconic Denim Look of All





CREDIT: Getty Images


Today it wouldn’t be likely to have anyone pull off these denim looks, but in 2001 Britney Spears and Justin Timberlake made fashion history when they showed up to the Annual American Music Awards in their Canadian tuxedos.
If you’d like to learn more about the cause behind Denim Day you can visit Peace over Violence, or show your support by registering over at DenimDayInfo.Org
For more of our favorite denim looks, check out our gallery below!


Iconic Celebrity Denim Fashion








































30 Photos »


 
/n