Need Food Ideas For Your Super Bowl Party? Try These Appetizing Recipes From A-Listers Like Beyoncé, Gwyneth Paltrow, & More!/n

Super Bowl Sunday is quickly approaching, and if you still haven't figured out what you'll be serving at your party — what HAVE you been doing with your life?!
Just kidding, we know the days leading up to the big game are hectic!
Which is why we compiled a list of AH-Mazing appetizers your favorite celebs make in times like these!
[ Related: Starbucks Made A Drink For The Seattle Seahawks! ]
They're all pretty easy peasy to prepare, so your football game day will be stress-free — except for the entire battle between the Patriots and Seahawks! That's going to be epic!
Ch-ch-check out some of the awesome recipes to satisfy your Super Bowl appetite (below)! 
Beyonce's super easy guacamole!
You'll need some kind of snack at the party and seven layered dip is a little too tedious!

Ingredients:
2 ripe avocados (make sure they are a bit soft to the touch)
1 small onion
1 clove garlic (you can use a small amount of crushed garlic)
1 small tomato
1 1/2 Tablespoons lime juice
Salt and pepper to taste
Corn chip scoops
Directions:
- Peel avocados and remove the pit.
- Smash with a spoon in a large bowl.
- Add onion, garlic and tomato, lime juice, salt and pepper.
- Mix it well.
- Cover with plastic wrap and place in the refrigerator for about 20 minutes.
- Fill corn chips scoops with guacamole and enjoy.
Quick and easy Spiced Nuts courtesy of Gwyneth Paltrow:

Ingredients:
2 cups mixed raw nuts (such as pecans, walnuts, almonds, cashews)
2 teaspoons chopped rosemary
½ teaspoon chopped thyme
½ teaspoon cinnamon
¼ teaspoon Aleppo pepper
¼ teaspoon paprika
¾ teaspoon salt
1 tablespoon coconut oil
1 tablespoon maple syrup
1 teaspoon orange zes
Directions:
- Preheat oven to 350°F.
- Roast nuts on a baking sheet until just beginning to brown and they smell toasty (about 5 minutes).
- Meanwhile, in a large bowl, combine rosemary, thyme, cinnamon, Aleppo pepper, paprika, salt, coconut oil, maple syrup, and orange zest.
- Toss the hot nuts in the bowl and mix until the coconut oil has melted and all the ingredients are well mixed.
This recipe is for those who aren't too keen on dealing with chicken bones!
Martha Stewart's All American Buffalo Chicken Tenders:

Ingredients:
1 cup crumbled blue cheese (about 4 ounces)
1 cup low-fat buttermilk
Coarse salt and ground pepper
1 cup all-purpose flour
1 1/2 pounds chicken tenders
1/2 cup vegetable oil, such as safflower
1/3 cup hot sauce
2 tablespoons melted butter
Directions:
-Preheat oven to 250 degrees. Place a wire rack on a rimmed baking sheet, and transfer to oven. In a medium bowl, stir together blue cheese and 1/2 cup buttermilk. Season dip with salt and pepper, and set aside.
- Place flour and remaining 1/2 cup buttermilk in separate medium bowls; season with salt and pepper. Set out another rimmed baking sheet alongside. Dip chicken in buttermilk (allowing excess to drip off), then in flour (shaking off excess); place on sheet.
- In a large skillet, heat oil over medium-high. Working in batches, fry chicken until golden brown and cooked through, 3 to 4 minutes per side. Transfer to rack in oven to keep warm.
- In a large bowl, stir together hot sauce and melted butter. Add chicken, and toss to coat. Serve tenders with blue-cheese dip.
A super bowl party isn't complete without chicken wings!
If you want to add a twist to this already classic recipe, Jay Leno added his Uncle Louie's Chicken Wings Marinara recipe to Frank Sinatra's cookbook with his wife:

Ingredients:
1 dozen chicken wings or 2 dozen drumettes
2 T. olive oil
1 T. garlic powder or granulated garlic
1 tsp. salt
1/2 tsp. black pepper
1 c. marinara sauce
2 T. Durkee Hot Sauce, or to taste
4 garlic cloves, chopped
Chopped fresh parsley, for garnish
Directions:
- Preheat oven to 400 degrees F.
- If using whole chicken wings, disjoint the wings and remove tips; you should have 24 drumettes.
- In a large bowl, toss the chicken with the olive oil, garlic powder, salt, and pepper. Arrange on a rack in a baking pan. Roast the chicken in the preheated oven until done, about 30 minutes.
- Meanwhile, place the marinara sauce, hot sauce, and raw garlic in a blender and blend to purée the garlic. When the wings are done, remove from the oven and toss wings with half the sauce. Leave oven on. Return the wings to the oven for an additional 10 minutes.
- Sprinkle the wings with parsley. Serve with the remaining sauce on the side to dip the wings into.
If you want to try something different, try these Mini Antipasto Calzones from Giada De Laurentiis:

Ingredients:
Flour for dusting
1 (16-ounce) ball pizza dough
1/2 cup (4 ounces) shredded provolone cheese
1/2 cup (4 ounces) shredded Fontina cheese (see Cook's Note)
1-ounce salami diced into 1/4-inch pieces
1/2 of a jarred roasted red bell pepper, drained and diced into 1/4-inch pieces (about 1/4 cup)
1 tablespoons kalamata olives, finely chopped (about 5 olives)
1 egg
1 teaspoon water
Cornmeal for dusting
Marinara sauce, for dipping
Cook's note: Place a wedge of Fontina cheese in the freezer for 15 to 20 minutes to make shredding easier.
- Place an oven rack in the center of the oven. Preheat the oven to 400 degrees F.
- On a lightly floured work surface, roll out the dough ball into a 14-inch diameter circle, about 1/4-inch thick. Using a 4-inch round cutter, cut each dough round into 12 circles. Transfer the circles onto two heavy baking sheets dusted with cornmeal.
- In a medium bowl, combine the cheeses, salami, peppers, and olives. In a separate bowl, beat the egg and water together. Place 1 tablespoon of the cheese mixture onto 1 side of each dough circle, leaving a 1/4-inch border on the edge. Using a pastry brush, lightly brush the edges of the dough with the beaten egg. Fold the unfilled side of the dough over the filling and using the tines of a fork, press the edges of the dough together to seal. Repeat with the remaining dough circles.
- Brush the calzones with the remaining egg mixture and bake for 14 minutes, rotating the position of the trays halfway through baking, until the calzones are golden brown. Serve the calzones on a platter with warm marinara sauce for dipping.
May your Super Bowl day be filled with delicious food and fun!!
/n