Bethenny Frankel Headed For Divorce, Says Mom/n
By Amber GoodhandRadar Reporter
Not only is Bethenny Frankel headed for a divorce, according to her estranged mother, but she also told Star magazine that the Skinnygirl Margarita concept was her idea!
Bethenny married Jason Hoppy a year and a half ago and the two had their first child just two months later, but Bethenny’s mother, Bernadette Birk, thinks the relationship will crumble when her daughter can’t gain anything else from it.
“Right now, he is a good father, but soon she won’t need him and she will dump him,” Bernadette exclusively told Star in their issue on newsstands now. “Her husband seems like a really nice guy, but it won’t last. He is really too weak for her.”
PHOTOS: Bethenny Frankel, With Husband Jason & Their Baby
And thanks to Bethenny’s Skinnygirl Margarita mix, the former Real Housewives of New York star snagged the #3 spot on Forbes’ list of Hollywood’s Highest-Earning Women with an income of $55 million — but Bernadette claims Bethenny stole the mix idea from her.
“When she was young, her godmother, Eleanor Mogavero, would come and visit, and her drink of choice was a margarita. She was overweight, so I’d make her really low-fat ones,” said Bernadette. “But [Bethenny] would never give anyone credit, it goes against her narcissistic point of view.”
Bernadette told Star that she’s only spoken to her daughter twice in the last 10 years and that Bethenny puts money and her success before everything else.
PHOTOS: Star’s Who Have Gone Under The Knife And Regret It
“She sells everything because money and power is No. 1 for her, and there is never enough,” says Bernadette.
“She only puts herself around people who can do something for her. It is amazing how she turned out just like her father.”
To read the full story pick up the newest issue of Star magazine, on newsstands now.
 
RELATED STORIES:
EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW: Bethenny Frankel Is ‘Skating On Ice’ to ‘One-Up Rival Jill Zarin’
EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: Bethenny Frankel’s Long-Lost Childhood Pics
EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW: Bethenny Frankel’s Mom – ‘My Daughter Is Lying About Dark Past’ /n