ABC Revives Match Game With Alec Baldwin Dumb Dora is so dumb... Get ready to hear a whole lot about Dumb Dora this summer as ABC is reviving the classic fill-in-the-blank game show Match Game. The 1970s star-studded celebrity panel series w.../n
Dumb Dora is so dumb...Get ready to hear a whole lot about Dumb Dora this summer as ABC is reviving the classic fill-in-the-blank game show Match Game. The 1970s star-studded celebrity panel series will live again as Match Game 2016—this time with Alec Baldwin serving as host and executive producer of the ten one-hour episode limited series, Vulture reports. The new iteration of Match Game will air Sundays at 10 p.m. as part of three-hour game show block that the network has named "Sunday Fun & Games." Kicking off June 26, the block will also include the return of the Steve Harvey-hosted Celebrity Family Feud and a previously announced Michael Strahan-hosted revival of $100,000 Pyramid.

Like the Gene Rayburn-hosted original, Match Game 2016 will feature two civilian contestants trying to guess how a panel of six celebrities will answer some pretty ridiculous fill-in-the-blank questions. (Ol' Dumb Dora was a mainstay of Rayburn's questions that usually went something like: "Dumb Dora is so dumb..." Audience: "How dumb is she?!" "She's been in kindergarten so long, she's the only girl in the class with blank!") As part of his deal to host the revival, Baldwin will be donating his appearance fee to arts-related organizations via his Hilaria and Alec Baldwin Foundation.Originally created by NBC in the 1960s, Match Game became a staple when CBS revived it in 1973, adding in the comedy elements that made it a show worth airing on syndication for years and years to come. Various revivals were attempted following its decade-long run, the latest in 1998. RuPaul, a fanatic for the format, has payed homage in nearly every season of RuPaul's Drag Race with the fan-favorite "Snatch Game" episode. The legendary drag queen has also given it a revival of sorts at Logo with the just-premiered Gay for Play.Which stars would you like to see as mainstays of the celebrity panel? Sound off in the comments below!Match Game 2016 premieres Sunday, June 26 at 10 p.m. on ABC.
/n