 'Mad, Sad & Angry:' 'Teen Mom' Star Tyler Calls Father Butch's Latest Jail Stint 'Upsetting'.../n
Two days after RadarOnline.com exclusively revealed that his father had returned to jail, Tyler Baltierra is speaking out about the shocking family setback.
“I’m so used to it when I hear something like that happen, it’s just kind of like, ‘Here we go again,'” the Teen Mom OG favorite, 24, told an inquiring fan and Dr. Mike Dow on The Dr. Mike Show this afternoon. “It’s a little upsetting and unfortunate. Until I get more information on what’s going on, I can be mad, really sad or angry.”
“But for right now…it’s a waiting game to find out why he’s in there or what’s going to happen. It is what it is.”
PHOTOS: Tyler Baltierra: I Was Sexually Abused PLUS 9 Shocking Sex Secrets
He explained that a lifetime of counseling has helped him cope with his father’s frequent troubles.
“This isn’t about me, it’s about my dad’s personal demons and the way he handles them,” the reality star explained. “I went to therapy my whole childhood over this, getting an understanding that he is who he, is; He has an addiction.”
As Radar reported, Darl “Butch” Baltierra was locked up for six days in Michigan’s St. Clair County Jail until October 13.
PHOTOS: Who Cried, Who Wasn’t Invited: 10 Behind-The-Scenes Secrets Of ‘Teen Mom OG’ Stars Catelynn Lowell and Tyler Baltierra’s Big Wedding!
Jail representatives confirmed that the 54-year-old was either released or transferred to another correctional facility, though it seems from his son’s words and social media clues that he is still behind bars.
The frequent felon had just celebrated one year of freedom following years of drug and alcohol abuse.
He served a lengthy prison sentence on larceny, breaking and entering and home invasion charges until his August 2015 release.
PHOTOS: Baby’s Big Debut! ‘Teen Mom’ Stars Catelynn Lowell & Tyler Baltierra Show Off Adorable Infant Daughter Novalee Reign
“I feel bad about some of the things I’ve done,” he told Radar from Macomb Correctional Facility prior to his release.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n