Hillary Clinton Surprises Katy Perry as She Receives UNICEF’s Audrey Hepburn Humanitarian Award/n





                    Donald Trump Won’t Pursue Charges Against Hillary Clinton 
                







Post-election coverage

 MORE >>





Hillary Clinton showed up to support Katy Perry, one of her presidential campaign’s biggest celebrity advocates, on her big night at the UNICEF Snowflake Ball on Tuesday (Nov. 30).

Clinton presented Perry with the UNICEF’s Audrey Hepburn Humanitarian Award after receiving a standing ovation from the gala’s audience. “[Katy] has the spirit and the energy and the compassion that Audrey Hepburn brought to her work for UNICEF,” said Clinton, describing Perry as “someone whose powerful voice and creative lyrics remind us when you get knocked down to get back up.”
“She has been a goodwill ambassador for UNICEF since 2013, she has traveled the world advocating for the rights and needs of children, she has visited some of the poorest places on Earth and lent her voice to kids who would otherwise be voiceless from remote villages to Vietnam and Madagascar,” Clinton continued. “She has put a spotlight on child poverty and encouraged the empowerment of women and girls.”





CREDIT: Jason Kempin/Getty Images for UNICEF




Katy Perry Holds Concert in Support of Hillary Clinton








































10 Photos »


In turn, Perry thanked Clinton in her acceptance speech. “I’ve always had a voice – a singing voice – but I’ve never had a voice like I’ve had before. Hillary has lit that voice inside of me, and that light will never go out, it will continue to get brighter and brighter and brighter. Thank you, Hillary. You motivate me and so many millions of people,” said Perry.


@katyperry's speech #UnicefSnowflake #KatyPerry #HillaryClinton pic.twitter.com/DRyR20gwjZ
— ⚡️M∆RKYM∆RK ⚡️ (@Mark_KatyCat) November 30, 2016

Perry’s boyfriend Orlando Bloom, who received the same award last year, was also present in the audience to offer his support. People reports that they were “spotted sharing kisses and being very tender with one another.”
/n