The Simpsons Best 10 Episodes Ever/n
D’Oh!! The Simpsons has been on the air for 20 years. During that time, everyone’s favorite cartoon family has had hundreds of memorable adventures.
From those, RadarOnline.com’s resident Simpsons’ expert has culled what we consider the 10 best. And yes, we KNOW that no matter which 10 we pick Simpsons fans are going to think we are stupider than all the men on the Simpson side (ha ha, we loved that episode when Lisa finds out the women are the achievers).
Everyone has their own picks, to which we say: Excellent, Smithers!
Take a look at the top 10 episodes
10. Marge vs. The Monorail: Season 4 In this send-up of The Music Man, a con artist convinces Springfield it needs a monorail and Homer becomes the engineer. Unfortunately, the specs aren’t exactly up to code and it’s Leonard Nimoy (!) to the rescue.
9. Deep Space Homer: Season 5 Homer becomes an astronaut on the space shuttle, doing a 2001: A Space Odyssey homage as he floats around the cabin eating potato chips…before crashing into an experimental ant farm, releasing the bugs. Houston — we have a problem.
8. Behind the Laughter: Season 11 A spoof of Behind the Music, a look at the “real” lives of the characters, who just pretend to be the people we watch on TV. Naturally, their real world is full of bitterness and disappointment. The show follows them as they pursue different (and hilarious) careers — such as Homer becoming a serious actor.
7. The City of New York vs. Homer Simpson: Season 9 An episode that isn’t shown much any more: Homer’s car is booted in front of the World Trade Center. While he waits there, urgently needing a bathroom, Marge and the kids catch a Broadway show with the unforgettable rehab song, I’m Checkin’ In.
6. Who Shot Mr. Burns Parts 1 and 2: Seasons 6 and 7 The cranky billionaire builds a giant disc to block out the sun, so Springfield is forced to buy his nuclear-generated electricity. When he is gunned down by someone in Springfield, the evidence points to Homer. Turns out it was (spoiler!) baby Maggie who did the deed.
5. Treehouse of Horror VIII Season 9 Almost all the “Treehouse of Horror” episodes qualify for the list, but this was the best of the best with “The Homega Man” (Homer vs. mutants), “Fly vs. Fly” (a spoof of The Fly with Bart as the bug monster), and “Easy-Bake Coven” with Marge as a green-skinned witch. Classic.
#4. Alone Again, Natura-Diddly: Season 11 Sitting in the grandstands at the new speedway, Homer ducks as a t-shirt is air-cannoned in his direction. It strikes Ned Flanders’ wife Maude, knocking her to the street and killing her. A serio-comic gem which tests Ned’s faith in God.
3. Homer’s Phobia: Season 8 A brilliant examination of prejudice, as Homer is concerned about letting Bart associate with John Waters, once he discovers Waters is gay. Homer’s efforts to make a “man” of his son by taking him hunting are tragic and help Homer accept all people for what they are.
2. Simpsons Roasting On An Open Fire: Season 1 Yes, Homer’s voice sounds more like Walter Matthau than Homer, and the characters look a little different. But this was the first full-length episode aired, and it still works with its Christmas setting and the debut of Santa’s Little Helper.
1. Mr. Plow: Season 4 Homer starts his own snow-removal business, competing with his buddy Barney — whose life he saves on a treacherous road. The two end their rivalry, suggesting that even God can’t pull them apart. At which point God, miffed, melts the snow and puts them out of business. Once heard, the Mr. Plow song will stay in your head forever.
 
  /n