The Ups and Downs of Soap Star Nathaniel Marston/n
Best known for starring in long-running soap One Life to Live, Nathaniel Marston died age age 40 following an Oct. 30 car accident that left the actor on life support, his mother announced Wednesday.  
“My beloved and cherished son, Nathaniel Marston, who was putting up the good fight until last night, was not able to continue due to the traumatic and devastating nature of his injuries,” Elizabeth Jackson wrote in a Facebook post. “Nathaniel passed away peacefully as I held him in my arms.”  
It’s a tragic ending for Marston, who found success in the soap world as well as his love life. Take a look back at Marston’s rise to fame, his career highs and the lows he faced before his untimely death.  
BREAKOUT STAR
Samuel Goldwyn Films/EverettFame found Marston by chance after he was discovered at a bakery in Beverly Hills. He began acting shortly thereafter, landing a role in Love Is All There Is – a 1996 rom-com starring Angelina Jolie – as well as in the cult classic The Craft that same year.  

A SOAP STAR IS BORN
AF Archive/AlamyMarston found his place in entertainment when he made his daytime debut on As the World Turns in 1998. The actor spent three years on the show before heading to long-running soap One Life to Live, which he starred in until his departure in 2007.  
LOVE & MARRIAGE
The One Life to Live star wed Rita Bias in 2006. Marston had shared photos with his wife and family on his website.  
A DISASTROUS ENCOUNTER
Despite a successful career, Marston hit a low in 2007 when he was involved in a street fight in N.Y.C. involving three pedestrians and police officers. The actor was charged with assault and ultimately pled guilty to misdemeanor resisting arrest in 2010. He was not sentenced to jail.  
THE END OF AN ERA
Nathaniel MarstonBrian Putnam/FilmmagicFollowing the fight, Marston left One Life to Live. His most recent acting credit, based on his IMDB, was for 2011’s Walk a Mile in My Pradas, opposite Tom Arnold.  
A FATAL CRASH
Marston was involved in a car accident near Reno on Oct. 30, which left the actor on life support after breaking his shoulder, ribs and five vertebrae in the crash. He passed away on Nov. 11. “Had Nathaniel lived, he would have required a ventilator and would never have been able to utter one more word and would have been sentenced to life as a quadriplegic,” his mother wrote in a Facebook post, adding that Marston died in her arms. “By God’s love and mercy, Nathaniel was spared this living hell.”
/n