with the man challenging Toby for her affections, played by Adam Bartley. Twitter Karate Kid Milo Ventimiglia and Mandy Moore post with the adorable Lonnie Chavis between takes while filming the instant-classic push-ups episode. Twitter What.../n
The Pearson withdrawals are real, y'all. Thankfully Sylvester Stallone of all people is here to help ease the pain of no new This Is Us episodes until the end of September.Stallone is guest starring as himself in the upcoming second season of NBC's Emmy-nominated drama. Kevin (Justin Hartley) will be costarring opposite Stallone in his (fictional) new war movie that also has Ron Howard on board as director. This Is Us star Milo Ventimiglia was instrumental in getting Stallone on board."Like [creator Dan Fogelman] said, there's a movie star, a movie idol that Justin's character was going to be working with. When I heard about what the episode was going to be and everything, they just kind of looked at me and said, ‘Yeah, someone like Sly.' And I'm like, ‘Cool!' And they go, ‘You think he'd do it?' and I went, ‘I don't know.' And they just kept looking at me and I'm like, ‘Oh, you want me to call him,'" Ventimiglia told reporters at the 2017 TCA summer press tour.

"I did Balboa a long time ago and I hadn't seen Sly as often…But every time I saw him, "Hey, kid. How you doing? What's going on? Call me anytime." That's how he always was and is with me, so I felt comfortable reaching out to him," he said.

"He always reaffirmed call me if you need anything. I basically called and said here's something that might be fun and I'm sorry that you and I aren't going to get a lot of screen time together, but I want you to know how much this impacts my character," Ventimiglia said. "If you imagine that Sylvester Stallone is Kevin's movie idol, it's got to come from somewhere. Maybe that was his dad's movie idol? Maybe dad goes through some tough times and always goes back to that underdog story of the first Rocky, so I think seeing the parallels and all that."See Stallone's behind-the-scenes pictures below.

This Is Us returns Tuesday, Sept. 26 at 9 p.m. on NBC.

(E! and NBC are both part of the NBCUniversal family.)
/n