Jennie Garth Flaunts Bikini Bod, Packs on PDA With Hot Boyfriend on 43rd Birthday—See the Pic! 43 sure looks good on Jennie Garth.  The former 90210 star rang in her birthday over the weekend in Tulum, Mexico, where the blond beauty enjoyed .../n
43 sure looks good on Jennie Garth. The former 90210 star rang in her birthday over the weekend in Tulum, Mexico, where the blond beauty enjoyed a fun-filled vacation with boyfriend Dave Abrams, as well as her three daughters, Luca, 17, Lola, 12 and Fiona, 8. Staying at the Dreams Tulum Resort & Spa, the group was seen soaking up the sun on the beach, boogie-boarding and shopping in the city and appeared to be having a fantastic time. On Friday—Garth's actual birthday—the actress and her loved ones enjoyed a private dinner at the resort to celebrate the big day, and her beau adorably tweeted, "Happy Birthday @jenniegarth #loveumoreandmoreeachday." 

PHOTOS: Big celebrity splits




David Leon

It seems that the couple, who first began dating in December, were also able to snag in some romantic time as they were photographed cuddling on a lounge chair together, laughing and appearing in excellent spirits while Garth flaunted her bikini bod. Abrams is Garth's second public relationship since the former Beverly Hills, 90210 star split from Peter Facinelli in March 2012 after nearly 11 years of marriage. The pair, who share custody of their three children, finalized their divorce in June 2013. Meanwhile, Facinelli popped the question last month to girlfriend Jaime Alexander, whom he has been seeing since 2013. In October 2013, the Mystery Girls star opened up about her dating life following her divorce and admitted that being a single parent is "super challenging."

PHOTOS: Beverly Hills, 90120 stars, then and now




Frazer Harrison/Getty Images

"It's fun and it's awful all at the same time," she said of navigating the dating scene. "It's like a weird type of torture, but it can be fun." As for what she looks for in a man? "I look for somebody that shares an energy," she said. "It doesn't matter what the person looks like or what they really do. There has to be that first and foremost, that zing. That thing."

PHOTOS: Jennie Garth and Peter Facinelli's romance rewind
/n