Khloé Kardashian, Kendall and Kylie Jenner Cancel All Upcoming Appearances As New Details About Kim Kardashian’s Assailants Emerge/n





                    Kim Kardashian's Family Returns to Social Media While Inside Sources Share Details About Her Life Post-Robbery
                







The Kardashian family is slowly returning to normalcy.

 MORE >>





It’s been a few days since Kim Kardashian was gagged, bound, and robbed of $10 million in jewelry in her Paris apartment, but the Kardashian/Jenner family is still understandably reeling from the incident.

Kim, who landed back in California yesterday (Oct. 6, 2016), has significantly beefed up her security detail since the terrifying incident and has steered clear of social media, but she’s not the only one in the family who’s taking a step back from the spotlight.
Us Weekly reports, Khloé Kardashian and Kendall and Kylie Jenner have followed in Kim’s footsteps and canceled all of their upcoming appearances in for foreseeable future. And while none of Kim’s sisters seem to be on a self-imposed social media blackout, they’ve all beefed up their security details.
Despite conflicting reports as to whether the family has halted filming Keeping Up with the Kardashians, every source agrees that the family is reevaluating how to move forward with everyone’s safety being the number one priority.


Kim Kardashian's Bodyguard: Who Is Pascal Duvier?








































6 Photos »


Even though it may take Kim years before she feels safe again, she can sleep somewhat peacefully knowing that the French police are narrowing in on her assailants. Contrary to previous reports, authorities are now saying all five men were white French nationalists, reports the Daily Mail.
“There have been no arrests, but we are slowly piecing together profiles of those involved in this crime,” a source close to the investigation revealed. “What we have been told so far is that they were in their forties or fifties, and were of European appearance.”
Now, the concierge of the No Address Hotel is speaking out, sending his well wishes to Kim as well as insisting he’s the reason they made it out of the ordeal alive. “Dear Kim: When you feel the cold steel of a gun at your neck, it is the moment when remaining calm can mean the difference of life or death, both our lives.”  he wrote in the letter, published in Closer magazine obtained by TMZ. “I hope you are feeling better.”


	Kim Kardashian Arrives in New York After Being Robbed at Gunpoint in Paris








































10 Photos »


As authorities begin to piece together information about the incident, footage of Kim telling the story of how and why Kanye West gifted her the now stolen $4.5 million ring, have resurfaced.
“My husband was very nice … he did surprise me … it’s a really cute story,” Kim told Andy Cohen during The Girls’ Lounge dinner in NYC on Sept. 27th, 2016 when asked about her new $4.5 million 20-carat emerald cut diamond. “So I was sleeping and he woke me up in the middle of the night and said, ‘Babe, babe! I got you something from Adidas.’ And I said, ‘OK, I’ll get the shoes in the morning, babe, I’m sleeping.’ … And then he put the Lorraine Schwartz box on my pillow … and I woke up! … He said, ‘You know I just did that big Adidas deal, so I got you something from Adidas.’”
Kim also revealed West had “Adidas” engraved inside of the ring.


	Kim Kardashian Goes Nearly Makeup Free at Balenciaga Show During Paris Fashion Week








































8 Photos »


/n