Money Trap! Khloe Blowing Her Fortune To Impress New Boyfriend/n
Khloe Kardashian may be keeping up with her new boyfriend Tristan Thompson, but her bank balance is definitely falling way behind! RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal that the reality star has been dropping piles of cash on everything from private jets and extravagant getaways to lavish gifts in an effort to woo the baller.
Now a family insider warns that Kardashian is going to have problems footing the bill if she doesn’t curb her out-of-control spending.
“Sure, Khloe has a fair bit of cash, but keep in mind she’s not even worth a quarter of her sister Kim,” pointed out the source. “She has to be much more careful and blowing hundreds of thousands of dollars on luxuries like $1,500 bottles of champagne is crazy no matter who you are.”
PHOTOS: Ruby Rose Butts Into Khloe Kardashian’s Nasty Twitter Feud With Chloe Grace Moretz
However, reigning in her enthusiastic spending may be a little hard for Kardashian, who is reveling in the relationship after her bad string of breakups on the heels of ex Lamar Odom‘s nearly fatal overdose last fall.
“Her responsible side went out the window the second she met Tristan,” said the source of the 25-year-old Cleveland Cavalier, who has a five-year contract worth a whopping $82 million. “She wants to prove she’s an independent woman who can keep up with him and treat him well, but it could well prove her undoing.”
Part of the problem is that Kardashian, 32, hasn’t been able to leverage her fame as well as her sisters.
PHOTOS: Pregnant Blac Chyna Spotted Filming ‘KUWTK’ With Braless Khloe Kardashian
“She doesn’t get appearance fees like some of her siblings, nor does she have a successful product line of her own,” noted the source, adding her attempt at testing the waters at a solo career with the show Kocktails with Khloe proved to be an utter flop.
“She’s really not managed to get anything else going, and at this rate everything she’s saved is going to be gone before she knows it.” 
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n