 Baby Daddy Still Behind Bars! Jenelle Evans' Ex Nathan Charged With Domestic Violence.../n
Nathan Griffith has been officially charged with domestic violence against on-again, off-again girlfriend Jessica Henry. RadarOnline.com has exclusive details on the Teen Mom 2 star’s bond and upcoming court date.
Griffith, who is still in custody, faced a Myrtle Beach Municipal Court judge at 9 am today to be charged with domestic violence against Henry. His bond was set at $20,000.
Jenelle Evans‘ ex is scheduled to appear in court for the charge on May 5.
But that’s not all, as his bond was set at $517.50 yesterday after he was arrested by the Horrell County Police Department for possession of an open container and giving false information to law enforcement.
PHOTOS: Jenelle Evans’ Ex Nathan Griffith Begs To See Son Kaiser For Christmas
As Radar readers know, Henry accused Griffith of domestic violence on December 12.
“Upon arrival the victim stated she had a history with the offender who is her ex-boyfriend,” the police report obtained from the Myrtle Beach Police Department read. “The victim stated that tonight they were at a bar together and got into a verbal dispute.”
When they returned home, Griffith “got on top of her and began choking her.”
Henry’s roommate claimed to have witnessed Griffith “pinning the victim down on the bed.”
PHOTOS: Custody Deal Revealed! Teen Mom Jenelle Evans Bans Son From Staying At Dad Nathan Griffith’s House — Inside The Strict New Rules
He was arrested by the Horrell County Police Department later in the day for the other two charges.
Griffith still has aggravated assault and burglary charges against him from another assault against Henry on August 21, where he reportedly “choked” and “gagged” her.
He is currently fighting Evans in court, as she filed a Motion to Modify Custody by asking a judge to give her “sole physical custody” of their son Kaiser, 2.
Story developing.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n