Eyewitness Reveals David Boreanaz Hooked Up With Porn Star /n
He may not be Tiger Woods, but David Boreanaz is  sure  looking like a serial cheater.  
The Bones star, who recently admitted to having an extra-marital affair with an unnamed woman, and who also has a hot affair with Tiger Woods’ mistress Rachel Uchitel, is now being linked to  a third woman: porn star Gina Rodriguez. And RadarOnline.com has an eyewitness who saw Boreanaz and Rodriguez together at her house, go into her bedroom several times.  
Boreanaz and his wife Jamie Bergman have  publicly appeared together this week after the bombshell revelations of his cheating. Boreanaz admitted to an affair with an unnamed woman because he said she was trying to extort him, asking for a large sum of money. But he never publicly addressed his subsequent affair with Uchitel.
PHOTOS: Stars Who Have Appeared In Both Adult Films & Mainstream Movies 
Now, RadarOnline.com has discovered that Boreanaz hooked up with Rodriguez, a 43-year-old mother-of-two, at a private house party last Easter in a house formerly owned by the Olsen twins in Encino, California. He was also with her several other times.
Ironically, Rodriguez, whose porn name is Demi Delia, was married to male porn star Randy Spears and she currently manages another one of Tiger’s mistresses, Joslyn James!
PHOTOS: Celebrity Cheaters
Rodriguez admitted to the New York Daily News that she met Boreanaz through a mutual friend at her house last year. She told the Daily News: “Although I have not seen David since last summer, we have kept in touch.”
Read more: 
And although she denies a sexual affair, RadaraOnline.com reached two sources who say it did happen.A source exclusively told RadarOnline.com,  “Boreanaz turned up at an Easter party at the house with another guy and he ended-up staying the night.
“Gina had the master bedroom and suite at the house and I saw him walking around (not fully dressed) the following morning.
PHOTOS: Celebs With Sex Tapes
“I had the room next-door and could hear them laughing and giggling. Gina told me after he left that he was a ‘really cute and fun guy’.
“On another occasion one of my friends drove them to the Guys And Dolls nightclub, and I saw him at the house on at least three more occasions after that.
PHOTOS:  Beautiful Celebs Who Have Been Cheated On
“David and Gina talked on the phone often . She knew that he was married, but she didn’t seem to care.
“She claimed that they were ‘just friends, ’ but obviously the relationship was much more than that.
“I think they casually dated for a few months and the relationship seemed pretty casual but Gina really liked David.
PHOTOS: The Hottest Model Girlfriends
“She is a fun woman who has two teenage kids,  and although she has worked in the porn industry she is pretty savvy when it comes to business too.”
Another source told RadarOnline.com that the couple also had an affair.
Rodriguez became a Playboy model in 1992 before appearing in Playboy Girls Of Summer and Playboy Lingerie.
She also appeared on Baywatch in 1992 and Robbery Homicide Division in 2002 before carving out a career appearing as a model for calendars, catalogs and in car and boat magazines.
PHOTOS: Tiger Mistress Rachel Uchitel In Bikini
Rodriguez married porn actor Spears in 2006 and in June last year she and her two teenage kids from a previous relationship starred in a reality series Mommy XXX on Crackle.
EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW: Boreanaz Called Mother-In-Law To Confess Affair /n