Firefly Reunion! Nathan Fillion & Alan Tudyk Reteam for Con Man—Watch Their Hilarious Crowdfunding Video!/n
"The series is a light-hearted take on the personalities, luminaries, and characters in the sci­-fi community we are privileged to call ourselves members," Tudyk, the show's creator, who plays pilot Wray Nerely, said in a message posted on the site. "I wanted to make a show that featured all of my favorite convention artists and friends together. Not only that, I wanted to celebrate the world where heroes, villains, zombie hunters, and space pirates all overlap. I especially wanted to work with my friend Nathan Fillion again."In a hilarious intro video, he rattles off an epic Firefly quote most expertly.

...and he and Fillion showcase their awesome onscreen bromance once more."He is the one person in the cast who has gone on to great success," Tudyk says."Well, take it easy, buddy, I'm not that famous," Fillion replies."I'm not talking about you. I'm talking about the character," Tudyk says. "Jack Moore is like Matt Damon-famous."Fillion asks him why not approach a TV network with the show idea instead of having fans fund the project."I'm not saying I have trust issues," Tudyk begins. "I have trust issues."

The clip also features cameos from fellow Firefly alum Gina Torres, Seth Green, Guardians of the Galaxy director James Dunn and Felicia Day—who starred in Whedon's Dollhouse and alongside Fillion in the director's Dr. Horrible's Sing-Along Blog.Fillion says that they have themselves invested money in the project and will continue to do so, in addition to continuing donations from fans."The more we raise, the more episodes we made," he said. "But when we get up to 10, 11, 12, that's when we build a spaceship.""I'll be the captain," he added.Con Man also has its own app. And there are goodies. Fans who help fund the project can received anything from T-shirts to headshots to "exclusive Nathan and Alan Hang W/ sessions.""Hang w/ allows myself and Nathan, producer PJ Haarsma, and the cast and crew of Con Man to share exclusive behind the scenes experiences—LIVE from our phones to yours!" the website states. "You even get to chat LIVE with right through the app. We'll also archive these so you can catch up on anything you missed!"And if you haven't upgraded your computer since Firefly went off the air, Tudyk encourages you to fire up the vintage social media."If you can't support us with dollars then your enthusiasm and support is equally valuable. Tweet, Facebook, Tumblr, LinkedIn, Mypace, Friendster, and ICQ the project as much as you can," the website says. "Don't be afraid to use morse code or smoke signals."
/n