Donald Trump Critiques ‘SNL’ Impersonation, Alec Baldwin Promises to Quit on One Condition/n





                    WATCH: Kristen Wiig, Leslie Jones and 'SNL' Cast Take On the Mannequin Challenge
                







Kristen Wiig and the cast of Saturday Night Live saw that you could use a smile, so they did everything in their power to make it happen by doing nothing at all

 MORE >>





Saturday Night Live continued their parody of Donald Trump, as they should, on Saturday’s show (Dec. 3, 2016), this time poking fun at how the President-elect just can’t stop tweeting.
The sketch shows Trump (the brilliant Alec Baldwin) participating in an important security briefing with Kate McKinnon’s Kellyanne Conway and two advisers, but who isn’t paying attention because he is retweeting other “random, real people.”
“There is a reason the Donald tweets so much,” Conway says in the sketch. “He does it to distract the media from his various business conflicts and all the scary people in his Cabinet.” Trump responds, “Actually, that’s not why I do it. I do it because my brain is bad.”
In truth, Trump really did retweet a 16-year-old high school student, a man with a profile photo featuring a skull with guns and a man thinks liberalism is a mental disease. Watch the sketch below!





The real Trump, whose skin we all know is wafer-thin, couldn’t handle the parody. He tweeted early Sunday morning, “Just tried watching Saturday Night Live – unwatchable! Totally biased, not funny and the Baldwin impersonation just can’t get any worse. Sad.”

Just tried watching Saturday Night Live – unwatchable! Totally biased, not funny and the Baldwin impersonation just can’t get any worse. Sad
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 4, 2016

Baldwin later replied, promising to step down from his role on SNL if Trump releases his tax returns:


…@realDonaldTrump 
Release your tax returns and I'll stop.Ha
— ABFoundation (@ABFalecbaldwin) December 4, 2016

The rest of SNL was hilarious with host Emma Stone and musical performer Shawn Mendes. Here are some highlights, including a surprise appearance by Jennifer Aniston criticizing Vanessa Bayer’s impersonation of Rachel from Friends!

























/n