Sensitive! Kelly Osbourne Gets Nasty With Reporter/n
Kelly Osbourne furiously slammed an Australian gossip columnist for supposedly prodding into her personal and family life during an interview, RadarOnline.com has learned.
There was one condition placed on the 28-year-old’s interview with The Daily Telegraph to promote her latest gig, a column for Australia’s Cleo magazine, reporter Joel Christie, noted.
“No questions were to be asked about her family, specifically father Ozzy,” he wrote, noting the family patriarch’s recent split from wife Sharon after admitting to a relapse to alcohol and prescription drug dependency after years of sobriety.
PHOTOS: Kelly Osbourne Shows Of Her Fabulous Bikini Body
“The conversation didn’t start well: She called me “presumptuous” for calling her rumored fiance her fiancé,” Christie noted in his column, titled ‘Outrage of the average – Kelly Obsourne’s paranoid outburst’.
He then asked, “Your first column in the magazine is called ‘Life Is Just Sh*t Sometimes‘. Have things gotten any better since you wrote it?”
That was when it got prickly, Christie said.
“You are trying to f**king turn this around and get shit on my family, aren’t you?” Osbourne, the co-host of E!’s Fashion Police, told him.
Well, at least Kelly looks great! Watch the video below to see Kelly showing off her bod in a red bikini during her Australian vacation.
[radar_embed service=5min.com src=”http://pshared.5min.com/Scripts/PlayerSeed.js?sid=1126&width=570&height=351&playList=517761214&sequential=1&shuffle=0″]
PHOTOS: Take A Tour Of Ozzy And Sharon Osbourne’s Malibu Beach Pad 
The fireside chat ended soon after.
“It’s far from exceptional to be screamed at by a celebrity when you write for a column like ‘Sydney Confidential‘,” Christie concluded. “It’s pretty vexing, however, when you’re screamed at for spurious reasons.”
It hasn’t been a good trip Down Under for Osbourne: earlier in the week, she reportedly had a “tantrum” after being quizzed on a morning show about her father, then lashed out at the security — she called the offending guard a “first class twat” — at the city’s major casino, Star, because they asked questions about  her UK driver’s license.
Of that incident, a spokeswoman for Star said: “Our security team member asked her for additional ID as she was only carrying an international driver’s license, which is standard procedure.
PHOTOS: Diet Divas
“The matter has now been resolved with Ms. Osbourne and we are looking forward to (further) hosting her.”
Said Christie: “It’s almost comforting to know her brattish behavior extends beyond the average journalist! Bit much A-list attitude from a confirmed B-lister.” /n