Comic-Con 2012: The TV Lineup/n





                    2012 Comic-Con Hotties
                







20 hot guys from film and tv who will be in San Diego

 MORE >>










                    'True Blood' at Comic Con
                







Find out who's coming to San Diego.

 MORE >>





 This year’s Comic-Con has plenty in store for TV fans, with panels featuring the casts of True Blood, Breaking Bad, Vampire Diaries, Glee and more. Among the many TV stars making appearances are Mila Kunis (Family Guy) Anna Paquin (True Blood), Elijah Wood (Wilfred), and  Lea Michele (Glee).
And true to the San Diego convention’s comic-book roots, there will  be a screening of the CW superhero pilot Arrow and a look back on Avengers director Joss Whedon’s short-lived (but much-loved) space western Firefly.
Find the complete TV schedule below, courtesy of Comic-Con. If you are interested in which films will be in San Diego, find them here.


WEDNESDAY, JULY 11
6:00 p.m.-9:45 p.m. Special Sneak Peek Pilot Screenings— Comic-Con and Warner Bros. Television proudly continue their annual Preview Night tradition, with exclusive world premiere screenings of the pilot episodes of five of the most highly anticipated TV series pilots of the 2012-13 television season: 666 Park Avenue, Arrow, The Following, Revolution and Cult.
 

 the 20 Hottest Guys Heading to Comic-con








































20 Photos »


666 Park Avenue — At 666 Park Avenue, anything you desire can be yours…for a price. Lost’s Terry O’Quinn and Desperate Housewives’ Vanessa Williams headline this scary, seductive drama from Alloy Entertainment as the owners of a Manhattan apartment building who recruit an idealistic young couple to manage the historic site with a dark history. The series also stars Rachael Taylor (Charlie’s Angels), Dave Annable (Brothers & Sisters), Robert Buckley (One Tree Hill), Mercedes Masohn (The Finder), Helena Mattsson (Iron Man 2), and Samantha Logan (Law & Order: SVU). Matthew Miller (Chuck), David Wilcox (Fringe), Leslie Morgenstein (The Vampire Diaries), Gina Girolamo (The Secret Circle), and Alex Graves (Fringe) are the executive producers. Based on the book series by Gabriella Pierce and from Bonanza Productions Inc. in association with Alloy Entertainment and Warner Bros. Television, 666 Park Avenue will air Sundays at 10/9c on ABC this fall.
Arrow — From executive producers Greg Berlanti (Green Lantern), Marc Guggenheim (Green Lantern), Andrew Kreisberg (Fringe), and David Nutter (Smallville), hard-hitting action series Arrow reinvents the DC hero. After being marooned for five years on a remote island, billionaire Oliver Queen returns home with a mysterious agenda and a lethal new set of skills that he uses in a war on crime. The series stars Stephen Amell (Private Practice), Colin Donnell (Pan Am), Katie Cassidy (Supernatural), David Ramsey (Dexter), and Willa Holland (The O.C.), with Susanna Thompson (Dragonfly) and Paul Blackthorne (The River). From Bonanza Productions Inc. in association with Berlanti Productions and Warner Bros. Television, Arrow will air Wednesdays at 8/7c on The CW this fall.
The Following — Golden Globe winner/Emmy nominee Kevin Bacon (Mystic River) and Rome’s James Purefoy star in The Following, a cat-and-mouse thriller from Kevin Williamson (The Vampire Diaries), about a diabolical serial killer (Purefoy) and the psychologically scarred ex-FBI agent (Bacon) called in to stop him. The Following also stars Natalie Zea (Justified), Jeananne Goossen (Alcatraz), Shawn Ashmore (X-Men films), Valorie Curry (The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn-Part 2), Nico Tortorella (Scream 4), Adan Canto (Amar No Es Querer), and Kyle Catlett (Unforgettable), with Maggie Grace (Lost) recurring. Executive produced by Williamson and Marcos Siega (The Vampire Diaries), The Following is from Bonanza Productions Inc. in association with Outerbanks Entertainment and Warner Bros. Television and will air on Mondays midseason on FOX.


Comic book babes in bikinis








































9 Photos »


Revolution — What would you do without it all? In Revolution,  an epic adventure thriller from Supernatural’s Eric Kripke, J. J. Abrams’ Bad Robot Productions, and Iron Man’s Jon Favreau, a family struggles to reunite in a post-apocalyptic landscape of empty cities, local militias, and heroic freedom fighters where every piece of technology-phones, computers, cars, even lights-has mysteriously blacked out…forever. Revolution stars Billy Burke (Twilight films), Tracy Spiridakos (Being Human), Anna Lise Phillips (Animal Kingdom), Zak Orth (Wet Hot American Summer), Graham Rogers (Memphis Beat), J. D. Pardo (The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn-Part 2), Giancarlo Esposito (Breaking Bad), David Lyons (The Cape), Maria Howell (The Vampire Diaries), and Tim Guinee (Iron Man films) and is executive produced by Kripke, Abrams, and Bryan Burk (Fringe). Favreau directed the pilot and will serve as co-executive producer of the series, with Kathy Lingg (Fringe). From Bonanza Productions Inc. in association with Bad Robot Productions, Kripke Enterprises. and Warner Bros. Television, Revolution will air Mondays at 10/9c on NBC this fall.
Cult — There is television…and there is the world we live in. In the shadows where they meet, there is Cult. In this visceral thriller from the creator of Farscape and the producers of Chuck, a bright and driven reporter teams up with an inquisitive television researcher to investigate a series of disturbing disappearances all tied to a wildly popular new television show called…Cult. With everyone a suspect and no one to trust but each other, the two follow an obscure trail of tantalizing clues in an effort to find the reporter’s missing brother, a rabid fan of the show who unlocked the secret at the heart of the series-and seemingly paid the price. Moving from the real world into the labyrinthine world of the series and its two characters-a detective and a charismatic cult leader-events inside the show begin to bleed into the outside world and vice versa as the certainty of what’s real and what’s illusion crumbles into dust. Cult stars Matt Davis (The Vampire Diaries), Jessica Lucas (Cloverfield), Alona Tal (Supernatural), and Robert Knepper (Prison Break) and is executive produced by Rockne S. O’Bannon (Farscape), Josh Schwartz (Chuck), Stephanie Savage (Gossip Girl), Len Goldstein (Hart of Dixie), and Jason Ensler (Chuck). From Fake Empire and Rockne S. O’Bannon Television in association with Warner Bros. Television and CBS Television Studios, Cult will air midseason on The CW.
Ballroom 20
THURSDAY, JULY 12
10:30-11:30 Battlestar: So Say We All— Richard Hatch (Tom Zarek, Capt Apollo) hosts a 35th anniversary preview panel and fan discussion of the Battlestar universe, politics, philosophy, and 35 year history. Joining Hatch for this exciting BG celebration, roundtable, and Q&A session are Jane Espenson (producer/writer, Battlestar and Caprica), Lili Bordan (actress, Blood and Chrome), Michael Taylor (Battlestar, Caprica, Blood and Chrome), Toni Graphia (Battlestar producer/writer), and Dr Kevin Grazier (science consultant for BSG and Defiance), plus surprise guests. Room 6BCF


Biggest TV celebrity contract Payouts








































7 Photos »


10:30-11:30 Books and Hollywood: Literary Franchises in Television and Film— Authors discuss their work transitioning across various mediums, from screenwriters to novelists turning popular books into hit TV series and Hollywood films. How does the creative process differ when writing a screenplay as compared to a novel? Authors describing the process of adapting novels for the big screen include Rebecca Serle (When You Were Mine), Margaret Stohl (co-author of the Beautiful Creatures series), Scott Speer (Immortal City), Tony DiTerlizzi (The Search for WondLa series), Ashley Edward Miller and Zack Stentz (Colin Fischer), Mike Richardson (president of Dark Horse), and Mark Frost (The Paladin Prophecy). Moderated by Geoff Boucher (Los Angeles Times). Room 24ABC
11:00-12:00 Twisted Twins: American Mary— Jen and Sylvia Soska (of Twisted Twins Productions and the makers of Dead Hooker in a Trunk) and Todd Masters (of MASTERSFX and make-up effects producer on True Blood) will discuss the use of prosthetics in horror. The Soskas will also address the challenges of working in a male-dominated genre. They will unveil a sizzle reel from their new film American Mary. Paula Lindberg (Ruby in American Mary) will also be on the panel, which is moderated by Beth Accomando (author of the KPBS blog Cinema Junkie). Room 5AB
11:00-12:00 Nickelodeon: Butt Biting & Magical Mischief!— Meet series creator/executive producer Butch Hartman along with the casts from both The Fairly OddParents and T.U.F.F. Puppy, including Nick talent Jerry Trainor (iCarly) as Dudley Puppy. This year’s panel is totally interactive, with the fans interviewing the cast directly, plus a sneak peek from the Nickelodeon live-action movie A Fairly Odd Christmas, along with a chance to win prizes. On hand: Jerry Trainor (voice of Dudley), Tara Strong (voice of Timmy and Poof), Grey DeLisle (voice of Kitty and Vicky), Daran Norris (voice of Chief, Cosmo and Dad), Matt Taylor (voice of Snaptrap), Susanne Blakeslee (voice of Wanda and Mom), and Carlos Alazraqui (voice of Crocker). Moderated by Dana Cluverius, executive in charge for Nickelodeon. Room 7AB


Simpsons celebrity guest stars








































14 Photos »


11:00-12:00 Bongo Comics/United Plankton Sneak Peek— Bongo Comics and United Plankton Pictures offer a tantalizing preview of upcoming projects featuring The Simpsons, Futurama, SpongeBob SquarePants, and a few other surprises. Bongo’s creative director Nathan Kane, managing editor Terry Delegeane, and art director Jason Ho are joined by intern/fan favorite Louis Lane and Simpsons/Futurama-ologist Bill Morrison for a fun and informative free-for-all. Find out what’s in the future for Futurama Comics, what to surmise about Simpsons Comics, and what’s next for Bongo in the print world and beyond. Also, Chris Duffy, managing editor of United Plankton Pictures, will dish up some Krabby Patty-infused morsels of what’s to come in SpongeBob Comics. Room 9
11:00-12:00 Filmation and Lou Scheimer: Celebrating a Generation of Animation and TV Heroes— One of the most successful and groundbreaking television animation studios was Filmation, whose productions shaped Saturday mornings and daytime syndication from the 1960s to the 1980s. From Superman, Batman, and Aquaman to The Archies, from Fat Albert and the Groovie Goolies to the live-action Shazam! and Isis series, up to the groundbreaking He-Man and the Masters of the Universe, She-Ra Princess of Power, Ghostbusters, and Bravestarr, Filmation created the shows that entertained and educated a generation. Making his final convention appearance is Filmation founder Lou Scheimer, who will reminisce about nearly 30 years of animation magic. Appearing with him are author/animator Darrell McNeil (Hero High, Shazam, Tarzan and the Super 7) director/writer/animator Tom Tataranowicz (He-Man, She-Ra, Bravestarr), and other guests. Bestselling author and documentary director Andy Mangels moderates this celebration of the studio that saved American animation in the 1970s and 1980s and show exclusive clips of never-before-seen Filmation footage. Plus, you can get a sneak peek at the September 2012 book release from TwoMorrows, Lou Scheimer: Creating the Filmation Generation, co-written by Scheimer and Mangels. Room 23ABC
11:00-12:00 X-Play— G4’s X-Play is TV’s longest running and most watched video game show in the galaxy.* Each episode is packed with brutally honest reviews, live demos of the biggest games, and of course intern humiliation. Hosts Morgan Webb, Blair Herter, and Kristin Adams and executive producer Wade Beckett make their triumphant return to Comic-Con and promise a no-holds-barred live panel. They’ll take questions from the audience, debut a new comedy short, and give out prizes to a chosen few. This hour of reflection and finger pointing is guaranteed to be a life changing experience.** (*We think. **Probably.) Room 25ABC
12:00-1:00 The Pitching Hour— Jermaine Turner (director, Disney/ABC Cable Networks Group), Ted Biaselli (VP, The Hub Network), Jill Sanford (director, Disney original series TV animation), Derek Hoffman (VP, Donner Co.), Valerie Alexander (screenwriter), Carina Schulze (Chatrone), Charlie Chu (editor, Oni Press), Lindsay Rostal (game producer, The Odd Gentlemen), Jennie Kong (VP, Miller PR), and your moderator Dan Evans III (freelance development exec, Kaijudo: Rise of the Duel Masters) will take an idea from conception through production for various media. This process will include creating a pitch document, obtaining agents, and getting a pitch meeting. The panelists will explain, through hypothetical example and humorous stories, the process that new creators should adopt to make their way through the creative battleground of the entertainment industry. Knowing that each project is unique, there will be a Q&A to allow the audience to really hone in on the solutions to obstacles they may encounter. Also on hand is Brendan McFeely (IP lawyer, Kane Kessler) to give creators insight on protecting their ideas as they navigate Hollywood. Room 5AB
 


Mila Kunis at the 2012 MTV Movie Awards








































8 Photos »


12:00-1:00 Cartoon Network and Dreamworks Animation: DreamWorks Dragons: Riders of Berk— Picking up where the critically acclaimed feature film How to Train Your Dragon left off, this weekly animated series follows the continuing adventures of master dragon trainer Hiccup, his faithful dragon Toothless, and his friends on Berk. Dragon training reaches new heights as our heroes unlock secrets about their dragons, explore wild frontiers, and discover new dragon species, all while battling fierce enemies they never dreamed existed. Come get a first look at the series, which premieres this fall on Cartoon Network, and hear from some of the talented dragon trainers who helped bring it to life. Room 6A
12:00-1:00 Comics Arts Conference Session #2: Once More, with Comics: How the Whedon Universes Continue in Comic Book Form— Authors Katrina Hill (Action Movie Freak, GeekNation.com), Jennifer K. Stuller (Ink-StainedAmazon, GeekGirlCon), and Traci Cohen (CSU-Sacramento) examine how comic books and graphic novels provide a new form of media adaptation in which the graphic novel form furthers the canon or official continuity of television series as sequels to the original material. Creator Joss Whedon’s television universes enjoy new life in print (e.g. Buffy the Vampire Slayer Season 9). Sharing their own thoughts on these Whedon comic book follow-ups are comic book writer/actress Amber Benson (Buffy the Vampire Slayer: Willow and Tara), writer/producer Jane Espenson (Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Torchwood), writer Chris Gage (Angel & Faith), editors Scott Allie (Dark House) and Mariah Huehner (IDW), and actors Clare Kramer (Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Bring It On) and Tom Lenk (Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Cabin in the Woods). Room 26AB
12:45-1:45 MAD Screening and Q&A— It’s a MAD world, we just laugh in it. The magazine you tried to hide from your parents is an animated series on Cartoon Network. Now in its third season, this series from Warner Bros. Animation is inspired by the country’s bestselling humor magazine, MAD, and features animated parodies, crazy commercials, pretend promos, and classic gags. Take a peek behind the MAD curtain and learn what goes into bringing the funny to your television every week. Back to bring more laughs this year are series producers Kevin Shinick (Crank Yankers) and Mark Marek (Robot Chicken), along with Peter Girardi, senior vice president of series and alternative animation at Warner Bros. Animation. Join this hilarious panel for a sizzle reel recapping all the laughs from season two as well as a sneak peek at what’s in store for the show this season. MAD airs Mondays at 8:45/7:45c on Cartoon Network. Room 6DE
 


Taylor Kitsch Attends LA Premiere of 'John Carter'








































7 Photos »


1:00-2:00 100th Anniversary of Tarzan and John Carter of Mars— He wrestled lions, poachers and ran through fire barefoot without a stunt-double or CGI. Actor Ron Ely will discuss filming Tarzan in the jungles of Latin America with writer Mark Evanier and Burroughs illustrator Tom Yeates. Also featuring David Lemmo, co-author of the new book, Tarzan: His First 100 Years. How Ancient Literature Became Modern Mythology and Created an Ape-Man Mecca in Southern California, coming from Angel City Press in 2013.  Plus a 100-years of Tarzan and John Carter slide show included. Room 8
1:30-2:30 Hasbro: Transformers Brand— Aaron Archer (vice president, Hasbro Design) and Jerry Jivoin (director, Global Transformers Brand) discuss the hottest Transformers topics including the Transformers Prime and Transformers Rescue Bots TV series, action figures, video games, comics, theme park rides and more. Attendees will also get sneak peeks at upcoming action figures and brand news. Jerry and Aaron will also host some Q&A for your burning Transformers questions. Roll out! Room 24ABC
2:00-3:00 Before and After: A Behind-the-Scenes Look at Star Trek: The Next Generation’s Journey into High Definition— Star Trek: The Next Generation fans are finally getting their wish, with all seven seasons of the beloved series being retransferred into high-definition. Star Trek: The Next Generation-The First Season will be released on July 24, and the team behind the project will give fans an insider’s look at how the original film elements were transferred into high-definition and how the visual effects were painstakingly re-created from the source material to look better than ever before. Robert Meyer Burnett moderates the panel, which includes Roger Lay, Jr. (producer/director, Blu-ray), Mike and Denise Okuda (project consultants), David S. Grant (vice president, multimedia, CBS Television Distribution), Ryan Adams (director, multimedia, CBS Television Distribution), Craig Weiss (creative director, CBS Digital), Eric Bruno (lead compositor), and Wade Felker (film transfer technician). Room 7AB
 
 

Men of 'Transformers 3' at NYC Premiere








































9 Photos »



2:00-3:00 Power Rangers: 20 Years and Beyond— Saban Brands and Shout! Factory officially kick off the 20th anniversary celebration of Power Rangers with a discussion featuring Elie Dekel (president, Saban Brands), Paul Schrier (“Bulk”), and other on-screen talent and members of the creative team. Moderated by Brian Ward (DVD producer of Mighty Morphin Power Rangers: The Complete Series), the panel will dive into the origin and evolution of the Power Rangers franchise, including the long-awaited debut of the series on DVD and the show’s resurgence on Nickelodeon with Power Rangers Super Samurai and much more! Indigo Ballroom, Hilton San Diego Bayfront
2:15-3:15 USA Network’s Psych— Psych returns to Comic-Con for a fourth consecutive year, with a fan-focused event that will invite the audience to be not just viewers, but active participants. Psych-O fans can look forward to a hilarious and uncensored experience with the creative team behind the hottest fake psychic detective agency on TV. Psych stars James Roday (Shawn Spencer), Dulé Hill (Burton “Gus” Guster), Maggie Lawson (Juliet O’Hara), Tim Omundson (Carlton Lassiter), Kirsten Nelson (Chief Karen Vick), and Corbin Bernsen (Henry Spencer), along with Psych producers Steve Franks (creator/executive producer), Kelly Kulchak (executive producer), and Chris Henze (executive producer) will dedicate the afternoon to answering fan questions and interacting with the audience, sharing secrets & stories from the set in this “chat” with 4,250 of their closest fans. Attendees will see video clips produced exclusively for Comic-Con, a never-before-seen “first look” at the Season 7 episodes currently in production, and a taste of Psych’s milestone 100th episode, “100 CLUEs”. Ballroom 20
2:30-3:30 MTV’s Teen Wolf— Cast members Tyler Posey, Dylan O’Brien, Crystal Reed, Tyler Hoechlin, Holland Roden and Colton Haynes, along with executive producer Jeff Davis, present an exclusive first-look at a new episode, followed by a Q&A session. Stay for the don’t-miss world premiere trailer of MTV’s upcoming scripted comedy series The Inbetweeners. Room 6A
 


The Cast of 'Teen Wolf'








































10 Photos »


3:00-4:00 1982: It was 30 Years Ago Today-Greatest Geek Year Ever!— It’s time to stand up and cheer the greatest geek year ever-three decades later-and the editors of Geek Magazine and guests are here to tell you all about it on this nostalgic trip down memory lane in which they go back to the future. Geek editors Jeff Bond and David E. Williams are joined by screenwriter Ashley E. Miller (Thor, X-Men: First Class), director Robert Meyer Burnett (Free Enterprise, The Hills Run Red), writer Steve Melching (Star Wars: The Clone Wars, Transformers: The Series), Steve Kriozere (V.I.P., Elvis Van Helsing), Bill Hunt, Todd Doogan and Dr. Adam Jahnke (The Digital Bits, Geek), and Mark A. Altman (Free Enterprise, Femme Fatales, Castle) to discuss the year that gave us Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan, Blade Runner, E.T., Tron, Poltergeist, Conan: The Barbarian, The Road Warrior, The Thing, Liquid Sky (Liquid Sky? Really?!?), The Sword and the Sorcerer, Diner, 48 Hours, Dexy’s Midnight Runner’s “Come On Eileen” and many more. What’s your favorite? And can 2012 possibly compare? You be the judge. On second thought, they’ll be the judge. Moderated by Geek Magazine (geekexchange.com). Room 5AB
3:15-4:15 Low Budget/Big Genre: Making it Fun— Script developers, producers, writers, and actors discuss lower-budget genre movies and some of the tools they use to make them so much fun that people keep coming back for more. Panelists include writer/director Eric Forsberg (Syfy, The Asylum, Active Entertainment), Micho Rutare (development executive, The Asylum), actress Gabriel Womack (Triassic Attack, Copperhead), Mark Beltzman (Re-Animator, the Musical), Karen Goodman Forsberg (producer and co-founder, Big Bear Horror Film Festival), and Bill Lundy (writer, Silent Warning, Alien Siege on SyFy; head of Scriptwriters Network). Marriott Hall 2, Marriott Marquis & Marina
3:30-4:35 Beauty and the Beast— Kristin Kreuk (Smallville) and Jay Ryan (Terra Nova), along with executive producers Jennifer Levin (Without a Trace), Sherri Cooper (Brothers and Sisters), Brian Peterson (Smallville) and Kelly Souders (Smallville) discuss the new CW fall show: a modern adaptation of the beloved fairy tale. Centering on Catherine Chandler (Kreuk), a tough-minded NYPD homicide detective, who is haunted by witnessing her mother’s murder nine years ago and the murderer’s quick demise at what she perceived to be the hands of a beast. After years of searching, Catherine finally discovers the beast is Vincent Keller (Ryan), a survivor of a military experiment that went disastrously wrong and left him in hiding to lead a secret life. Join the cast and producers for an exclusive viewing of the first episode, followed by a panel discussion moderated by Dalton Ross (assistant managing editor, Entertainment Weekly). Ballroom 20
3:45-4:45 The Walking Dead— The bestselling, award-winning comic The Walking Dead has been a critical and commercial success — and its TV adaptation on AMC holds its own weight as a record-setting juggernaut. Join creator/writer Robert Kirkman and series artist Charlie Adlard for a rare sit-down, where they will discuss the past, present, and future of the decade’s most talked about zombie phenomenon. A Q&A will follow the conversation between the visionary collaborators.
Room 6A
 


'Lord of The Rings' Reunion








































9 Photos »


4:00-5:00 Wilfred: Screening and Q&A— Elijah Wood (Lord of the Rings) stars as Ryan, a young man struggling unsuccessfully to make his way in the world until he forms a unique friendship with Wilfred, his neighbor’s canine pet, played by Jason Gann (The Wedge), who co-created and starred in the Australian version of Wilfred in 2007. While everyone else sees Wilfred as just a dog, Ryan sees a crude and surly man in cheap dog suit.  Elijah and Jason join Wilfred co-stars Fiona Gubelmann (Don’t Trust the B** in Apt 23), and Dorian Brown (Roommates) as well as showrunner/executive producer David Zuckerman (Family Guy) and executive producer/director Randall Einhorn (The Office) to discuss bringing this unique live-action comedy to life. Indigo Ballroom, Hilton San Diego Bayfront
4:40-5:45 Cracking the Case with Sherlock Holmes and Watson: A Behind-the-scenes Look at CBS’s New Series Elementary— Sir Arthur Conan Doyle introduced the world to Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson over 120 years ago. This fall on CBS, the dynamic duo gets a modern-day makeover cracking cases in contemporary New York City. Brilliant investigator Sherlock, played by Jonny Lee Miller (Dexter), is a recent rehab graduate paired with his worst nightmare: sober coach Joan Watson, played by Lucy Liu (Charlie’s Angels). Together, Sherlock’s unique detective skills and Watson’s medical expertise make a formidable force capable of solving the NYPD’s most impossible cases. Be the first to see the premiere episode of the new television series, followed by a panel discussion with series stars Jonny Lee Miller and Lucy Liu and executive producers Robert Doherty and Carl Beverly, moderated by Entertainment Weekly assistant managing editor Dalton Ross. Ballroom 20
5:00-6:00 The Most Dangerous Women at Comic-Con— Actresses, stuntwomen, creative cosplayers, outspoken bloggers, and groundbreaking comic book creators-which women are the movers and shakers on the convention scene? Who are the innovators breaking barriers in the world of fandom? To discuss these game changers, Action Flick Chick Katrina Hill (GeekNation, MTV Geek) has assembled a team of women dangerous in their own right: Leah Cevoli (Robot Chicken), Holly Conrad (Comic-Con Episode IV: A Fan’s Hope), Adrianne Curry (Stan Lee’s World of Heroes), Abbie Heppe (Respawn Entertainment), Clare Kramer (Buffy the Vampire Slayer), Kristen Nedopak (Skyrim: To Lydia with Love), Milynn Sarley (GeekNation’s Lairs), Stephanie Thorpe (ElfQuest: A Fan Imagining), and Patricia Tallman (Night of the Living Dead, Babylon 5). With moderator Bonnie Burton (SFX Magazine). Room 7AB
5:00-6:00 Archer: Screening and Q&A— This animated half-hour comedy revolves around the spy agency known as the International Secret Intelligence Service (ISIS) and the lives of its self-involved employees. Series creator Adam Reed (Sealab 2021) and the show’s voice actors discuss their daunting and enigmatic work of espionage, reconnaissance missions, wiretapping, and undercover surveillances-which are all actually unmitigated occasions for the ISIS staff to undermine, sabotage, and betray each other for personal gain. Panelists include H. Jon Benjamin (Bob’s Burgers) as the highly skilled yet incredibly vain master spy “Sterling Archer,” Aisha Tyler (The Talk) as Archer’s fellow agent and ex-girlfriend “Lana Kane,” Chris Parnell (Saturday Night Live) as the easily intimidated comptroller-turned-ISIS-agent “Cyril Figgis,” Judy Greer (Arrested Development) as the loquacious secretary “Cheryl Tunt,” and Amber Nash (Frisky Dingo) as the discordant director of human resources for ISIS “Pam Poovey.” Indigo Ballroom, Hilton San Diego Bayfront
5:30-6:30 Klasky Csupo: We’re Back!— The studio that brought you Rugrats, Aaah! Real Monsters, and Wild Thornberrys, to name a few, is back and at Comic-Con for the first time ever. Arlene Klasky (animation creator), Craig Singer (filmmaker, Dark Ride), Charlie Adler (Transformers), Greg Cipes (Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles), and Tyler Malin (transmedia storyteller)  discuss Klasky Csupo’s past and future projects, including a skateboarding zombie! Giveaways include a Comic-Con exclusive signed Issue 1 of Ollie Mongo, as well as an iPad raffle. Moderated by Phil Daniels (digital media attorney, Ginsburg Daniels LLP). Room 24ABC
6:00-7:00 The Character of Music— Composer and executive producer teams discuss the dynamics of music in film and television. Blake Neely (Arrow), Chris Lennertz (Revolution, Supernatural), Joseph Trapanese and Charlie Bean (TRON: Uprising), and Nathan Johnson and Rian Johnson (Looper) discuss their working relationship, how music plays a character in their stories, and the intense process of scoring their projects. Moderated by Anne Cecere, director of film and TV relations of BMI, and Chandler Poling, founder of White Bear PR. Attendees will get a sneak peek into their work and receive fun giveaways. Room 5AB
6:00-7:00 Nikita Q&A and Exclusive Video Presentation— Nikita stars Maggie Q (Mission: Impossible 3), Shane West (ER), and Lyndsy Fonseca (Kick-Ass) and executive producer Craig Silverstein (Bones) return to Comic-Con just days before they begin production on season 3. Find out what’s in store for our new powerful team of heroes consisting of Nikita, Michael, Alex, punk rock hacker Seymour Birkhoff, brilliant CIA analyst Ryan Fletcher, and ex-Navy SEAL Sean Pierce. From Wonderland Sound and Vision in association with Warner Bros. Television, the third season of Nikita debuts this October and will air Fridays at 9/8c on The CW. Nikita: The Complete Second Season will be released on Blu-ray and DVD on October 2. Room 6BCF
6:00-7:15 Showtime: Dexter— The gasps from last season’s finale can still be heard among Dexter fans as their worst fears were realized, Dexter got caught and by none other than Deb! What will he do? What will she do? What’s next for America’s Favorite Serial Killer? If the suspense is killing you, don’t miss this incredible panel, where you’ll be the first to see the Comic-Con exclusive first two minutes of the season premiere. Moderator Ralph Garman (KROQ Entertainment reporter) presides over a revealing interview and Q&A session with the stars and executive producers of Dexter. Featured panelists include series star/executive producer Michael C. Hall (Dexter), Jennifer Carpenter (Deb), and special guest star Yvonne Strahovski (Hanna). Also appearing are executive producers John Goldwyn, Sara Colleton, Scott Buck, and Manny Coto. Plus Dexter fans will be the first to see the world premiere trailer of one of the hottest series on television, Homeland, presented by executive producers Howard Gordon and Alex Gansa. The new season of Dexter premieres September 30, at 9pm ET/PT only on Showtime. Ballroom 20
6:00-7:00 The Science of Science Fiction: Canon Fodder— Aliens, robots, wormholes, superheroes…there’s more than a little science in all of these, but how can that science be kept straight and consistent across multiple movies and seasons of TV shows? Panelists Jon Spaihts (writer, Prometheus), Jane Espenson (producer/writer, Battlestar Galactica, Caprica), Zack Stentz and Ashley Miller (writers, Thor, X-Men: First Class), Jaime Paglia (producer/writer, Eureka), and Dr. Kevin Grazier (science adviser, Battlestar Galactica, Defiance), talk about the ups and downs of respecting the science in ongoing science fiction TV and movie series. Moderated by Dr. Phil Plait (writer/host, Phil Plait’s Bad Universe, Discover magazine’s Bad Astronomy blog), and courtesy of The Science and Entertainment Exchange, a program of the National Academy of Sciences. Room 25ABC
6:30-7:30 Comedy Central: Workaholics— Comedy Central’s hit series Workaholics features three friends, Adam, Blake, and Ders, who work together from 9 to 5, live together from 5 to 9, and party together 24/7. Whether they’re getting ready to rage at a Renaissance Faire or take the stage as their gangster rap alter egos “The Wizards,” the guys find trouble wherever they go. Stars, co-creators, writers, and executive producers Blake Anderson, Adam Devine, Anders Holm, and Kyle Newacheck take fans behind the scenes and give a sneak peek into upcoming new episodes, including a few special guests that are guaranteed to be “Tight Butthole.” Fans will also be able to compete for a chance to have their name written into a future episode. S’Go! Room 24ABC
7:00-8:00 LIVE PodCRASH with That Chris Gore— Chris Gore (G4TV’s Attack of the Show, Film Threat founder) is also a comedian, is the creator of some exciting upcoming animated shows and is currently making waves with his podcast PodCRASH. Chris has been called a renaissance nerd and now he will present a very special live edition of his podcast at Comic Con. Expect the content to be rated #GSFW-Geeky, Sexy, Funny, and Weird. Expect some very special guests to crash this panel. Room 5AB
7:00-8:00 History of the Modern Zombie— Zombie Research Society hosts a panel of leading zombie experts moderated by ZRS founder Matt Mogk (Everything You Ever Wanted to Know About Zombies). Panelists include Max Brooks (Zombie Survival Guide, World War Z), Scott Kenemore (Zen of Zombie, Zombie, Ohio), Aaron Sagers (CNN Geek Out, entertainment writer, TV host), Steven Schlozman, M.D. (zombie autopsies, Harvard Medical School), and Bradley Voytek, Ph.D. (University of California, San Francisco). Join them for a spirited discussion about the evolution and impact of the modern zombie, and get all your pressing questions answered before it’s too late! Room 7AB
8:00-9:00 Kickstart Comics: Come Meet New Publisher Kickstart Comics!— An in-depth look at new and upcoming releases from Kickstart Comics, plus a discussion of the company’s TV and feature plans with sister company Kickstart Productions, as well as Q&A with Kickstart creators. Also get a sneak peek at the upcoming film Bounty Killer. Plus: giveaways of graphic novels. Room 26AB
8:30-9:30 Holliston: Inside the Humor, the Horror, and the Geekery of the New “Great American Sitcom”— Join the cast of FEARnet’s hit television sit-com Holliston as they preview their upcoming second season, show outtakes and clips, and discuss their journey to bringing their outrageous comedy for true horror, sci-fi, and pop culture fans to mainstream cable television. Featuring creator/star Adam Green (the Hatchet franchise), Joe Lynch (Knights of Badassdom), Oderus Urungus (alien lead singer of GWAR), Laura Ortiz (The Hills Have Eyes), Corri English (lead singer of Brokedown Cadillac), and a surprise celebrity moderator. This promises to be one of the most inspiring, laugh-filled, and entertaining panels you’ll catch this year at Comic-Con! Don’t let the late time slot deter you-this is the panel to see! Room 24ABC
FRIDAY, JULY 13
10:00-11:00 Community: School is Back in Session— Joel McHale (The Soup), Gillian Jacobs (The Box), Danny Pudi (Chuck), Yvette Nicole Brown (Family Guy), and Alison Brie (Mad Men) from the hit Sony TV comedy have graduated to the Convention Center in advance of their fourth season. Join your favorite Greendale study group for a panel and Q&A to find out firsthand what surprises are in store for the show’s return to NBC this fall. Ballroom 20
10:00-11:00 How to Break into Television Writing— Spiro Skentzos (Grimm) and Karen Horne (NBC executive/Spawn co-producer) share their experiences as a TV writer and as the vice president of NBC’s writing programs, respectively, on topics including basic script mistakes, getting representation, using writing programs, staying motivated, and negotiating today’s turbulent TV terrain. There will be lots of time for questions. Room 25ABC
10:15-11:15 Go Green! With the Lean, Mean, Ninja Team -Nickelodeon’s Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles!— Experience Nickelodeon’s very first Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle Comic-Con panel, as executive producer Ciro Nieli (Super Robot Monkey Team Hyper Force Go!) sets up the new series and unveils never-before-seen footage. Meet the incredible Ninja cast: Jason Biggs (voice of Leonardo), Sean Astin (voice of Raphael), Greg Cipes (voice of Michelangelo), Rob Paulsen (voice of Donatello), Kevin Michael Richardson (voice of Shredder), Hoon Lee (voice of Splinter), and Mae Whitman (voice of April O’Neil). Hear and see the radical undertaking of this 25-year-old property and some of the creative insights that have taken it to new and reinvigorating heights. Prepare to be shell-shocked! Moderated by Rich Magallanes, senior VP of current series for Nickelodeon. Room 6BCF
10:30-11:30 Special Live Exclusive Table Read of Dan Vs.— Making its debut at Comic-Con is The Hub Television Network’s animated series Dan Vs., which follows lovable curmudgeon Dan (Curtis Armstrong, Revenge of the Nerds) on a misguided quest for justice that leads him and his pals, Chris (Dave Foley, Kids in the Hall) and Elise (Paget Brewster, Criminal Minds), into misadventures and catastrophes. Join the cast, co-creators Chris Pearson and Dan Mandel, supervising producer/director Brian Sheesley, and moderator Tom Kenny (SpongeBob SquarePants) for a live table read of a written-exclusively-for-SDCC script and a behind-the-scenes look at the series. Audience Q&A to follow. Room 6A
11:00-12:00 Avatar Press: Hero Worship in Film and Comics— Zak Penn, screenwriter and director extraordinaire, discusses his long career in bringing comic superheroes to film. From his work with Marvel’s mutants on X2 and X-Men: The Last Stand, to the development of his Alphas television series for Syfy, to his countless other big-screen successes (including Fantastic Four, The Incredible Hulk, and the summer’s biggest blockbuster, The Avengers), he’ll cover it all. Also, Scott Murphy (writer on Star Wars: The Clone Wars) will join Zak on stage to discuss Hero Worship, their ground
11:00-11:45 Adult Swim: The Venture Bros.— Show creators Jackson Publick and Doc Hammer, with the voice of Dr. Venture James Urbaniak, will discuss the original series and answer fan questions. Indigo Ballroom, Hilton San Diego Bayfront
11:15-12:15 Join the Revolution! Nickelodeon’s Legend of Korra— The cast and crew of Legend of Korra offer an in-depth discussion of Nickelodeon’s hottest new series. Executive producer and creator team Bryan Konietzko and Mike DiMartino (Avatar: The Last Airbender) are joined by co-executive producer Joaquim Dos Santos (Avatar: The Last Airbender) as they discuss the creative process that brought the first book in the Korra series to life. You’ll also get to hear from your favorite characters as talented voice actors Janet Varney (Korra), David Faustino (Mako), P. J. Byrne (Bolin) and Seychelle Gabriel (Asami) will be featured on the panel and renowned voice director Andrea Romano (Avatar: The Last Airbender) will direct the actors in a live performance from the series. And if you’re extra nice, Mike and Bryan may even drop a hint or two about Book 2. So don’t miss out! Moderated by Rich Magallanes, senior VP of current series for Nickelodeon. Ballroom 20
11:30-12:30 Cult Pilot Screening and Q&A— There is television…and there is the world we live in. In the shadows where they meet, there is Cult. In this visceral thriller, a young reporter teams up with a television researcher to investigate a series of disturbing disappearances connected to a wildly popular new television show called…Cult. With everyone a suspect and no one to trust but each other, they follow an obscure trail of tantalizing clues deeper into the cult of Cult. Moving from the real world into the labyrinthine world of the series and its two characters-a detective and a charismatic cult leader-events inside the show begin to bleed into the outside world and vice versa as the certainty of what’s real and what’s illusion crumbles into dust. Be among the first to see a special pilot screening, followed by a Q&A with creator and executive producer Rockne S. O’Bannon (Farscape) and series stars Matt Davis (The Vampire Diaries), Jessica Lucas (Psych), Alona Tal (Supernatural), and Robert Knepper (Heroes). Cult will air midseason on The CW and is produced by Fake Empire and Rockne S. O’Bannon Television in association with Warner Bros. Television and CBS Television Studios. Room 6BCF
11:45-12:45 Cartoon Network: Annoying Orange— Boasting more than 1 billion YouTube views to date, Annoying Orange is the web sensation transformed into a new Cartoon Network television series that follows Orange and his buddies as they go on a wide range of adventures taking them from the fruit stand to parts unknown and everything in between. Join series creator Dane Boedigheimer (Orange), Toby Turner (Nerville), and others for a delightfully annoying time. Room 6A
12:00-12:45 Adult Swim: NTSF:SD:SUV:: (National Terrorism Strike Force: San Diego: Sport Utility Vehicle::)— Come watch a sneak peek at NTSF:SD:SUV:: season 2 and hear from the show’s creative team led by creator and star Paul Scheer (The League), executive producer Jonathan Stern (Childrens Hospital, Newsreaders) and co-executive producer Curtis Gwinn (Fat Guy Stuck in Internet). They will be joined by members of their ensemble cast, including Martin Starr (Party Down, Freaks & Geeks), Rebecca Romijn (X-Men, Ugly Betty), Brandon Johnson (Funny or Die) and June Diane Raphael (Players) and Rob Riggle (Funny or Die,) Rob Corddry (Childrens Hospital, Hot Tub Time Machine) will moderate the panel. Indigo Ballroom, Hilton San Diego Bayfront
12:05-1:05 The Big Bang Theory Screening and Q&A— Boldly go Big Bang Theory! For the first time ever in Hall H, the mega-popular TV series returns to Comic-Con for a special screening and a lively discussion. Will Howard (“Froot Loops”) Wolowitz return from space? Where do things stand with Penny and Leonard? And will unscheduled handholding affect “The Relationship Agreement”? From Chuck Lorre Productions, Inc. in association with Warner Bros. Television, The Big Bang Theory airs Thursdays at 8/7c on CBS. The Big Bang Theory: The Complete Fifth Season will be released on Blu-ray and DVD on September 11. Hall H
12:30-1:30 Firefly 10-Year Anniversary Reunion— Calling all Browncoats to unite! It has been 10 years since the crew of the Serenity took flight in the now infamous show Firefly. Science Channel will reunite, for the first time ever, Captain Mal Reynolds and the crew from the ship. Join Joss Whedon, Nathan Fillion, Adam Baldwin, Gina Torres, Alan Tudyk, Morena Baccarin, Sean Maher, Summer Glau, and many more for a trip down memory lane, some special surprises, and exclusive Science Channel giveaways. SHINY. Ballroom 20
12:45-1:45 666 Park Avenue Pilot Screening and Q&A— Spend Friday the 13th getting to know the residents of the historic-and otherworldly-Manhattan apartment building The Drake, during this special screening of 666 Park Avenue. Sexy, seductive, and inviting, The Drake maintains a dark hold over its residents, tempting them through their ambitions and desires, in this new drama that’s host to an epic struggle of good versus evil. Series stars Terry O’Quinn (Lost), Vanessa Williams (Desperate Housewives), Rachael Taylor (Charlie’s Angels), and Dave Annable (Brothers & Sisters), along with executive producers Matthew Miller (Chuck) and David Wilcox (Fringe), will be on hand for a special Q&A following the screening. From Bonanza Productions Inc. in association with Alloy Entertainment and Warner Bros. Television, 666 Park Avenue will air Sundays at 10/9c on ABC this fall. Room 6BCF
12:45-1:45 666 Park Avenue Pilot Screening and Q&A— Spend Friday the 13th getting to know the residents of the historic-and otherworldly-Manhattan apartment building The Drake, during this special screening of 666 Park Avenue. Sexy, seductive, and inviting, The Drake maintains a dark hold over its residents, tempting them through their ambitions and desires, in this new drama that’s host to an epic struggle of good versus evil. Series stars Terry O’Quinn (Lost), Vanessa Williams (Desperate Housewives), Rachael Taylor (Charlie’s Angels), and Dave Annable (Brothers & Sisters), along with executive producers Matthew Miller (Chuck) and David Wilcox (Fringe), will be on hand for a special Q&A following the screening. From Bonanza Productions Inc. in association with Alloy Entertainment and Warner Bros. Television, 666 Park Avenue will air Sundays at 10/9c on ABC this fall. Room 6BCF
1:00-2:00 Cartoon Network: Regular Show— Yeaaauuhhh! It’s Regular Show at Comic-Con 2012! Series creator J. G. Quintel (Mordecai, High Five Ghost), Bill Salyers (Rigby), Sam Marin (Benson, Pops, Muscle Man), and others offer an exclusive behind-the-scenes look at the comedy, drama, and tomfoolery that make this Regular Show so jolly good. Come for the merrymaking, stay for songs, sneaks, and surprises. Room 6A
1:00-1:45 Adult Swim: Childrens Hospital— Come watch a sneak peek of Childrens Hospital season 4 and hear from the show’s creative team, led by creator and star Rob Corddry and executive producer Jonathan Stern. They will be joined by members of the show’s ensemble cast of comedic heavyweights, including Lake Bell (How To Make It In America), Erinn Hayes (Parenthood), Rob Huebel (The Descendants), Henry Winkler (Happy Days), and Ken Marino (Party Down, The State). Childrens Hospital explores the emotional struggles and sexual politics of a group of doctors charged with healthy libidos. Paul Scheer (NTSF:SD:SUV::) will moderate the panel. Indigo Ballroom, Hilton San Diego Bayfront
1:25-2:25 AMC’s The Walking Dead— Andrew Lincoln, Sarah Wayne Callies, Norman Reedus, Laurie Holden, Steven Yeun, Lauren Cohan, and introducing Danai Gurira as Michonne and David Morrissey as The Governor join executive producer and showrunner Glen Mazzara, executive producer Robert Kirkman, executive producer Gale Anne Hurd, executive producer Dave Alpert and special effects makeup supervisor and co-executive producer Greg Nicotero in a panel moderated by Chris Hardwick (The Nerdist, Talking Dead). The panelists will discuss the wildly successful second season of The Walking Dead and what to look forward to in season 3, debuting this fall on AMC. Join the panelists for a one-on-one Q&A session and an official sneak preview of season 3. Hall H
1:45-2:45 Bones— Creator and executive producer Hart Hanson, executive producer Stephen Nathan and stars David Boreanaz and Emily Deschanel are on hand to discuss the shocking finale of season 7 as well as what’s in store for Booth and Brennan in an exciting season 8. The panel will be followed by a fan Q&A. Ballroom 20
2:00-3:00 BOOM! Studios: Adventure Time Comic Book— What time is it? It’s Adventure Time! The top-rated Cartoon Network show is now a bestselling comic book published by KaBOOM! You won’t want to miss this all-star panel featuring the show’s creator Pendleton Ward, along with series artists Shelli Paroline and Braden Lamb (Ice Age) and writer/artist Meredith Gran (Octopus Pie) of the new miniseries Marceline and the Scream Queens, as they discuss what’s next for the Land of Ooo in the world of comics. Room 23ABC
2:00-2:45 Adult Swim: Aqua Something You Know Whatever/Squidbillies— Show creators Dave Willis, Jim Fortier, Dana Snyder and Matt Maiellaro will discuss their original series, show footage from the new seasons, and answer questions. Indigo Ballroom, Hilton San Diego Bayfront
2:15-3:15 Tron: Uprising— Disney XD is bringing the Grid to Comic-Con! Join the noteworthy voice cast Elijah Wood (Beck), Bruce Boxleitner (Tron), Emmanuelle Chriqui (Paige) and Tricia Helfer (The Grid), along with executive producer/director Charlie Bean and consulting producers Edward Kitsis and Adam Horowitz (Once Upon a Time, LOST), to see exclusive footage and find out everything you want to know about this ground-breaking animated series. The panel will also feature never-before-seen clips of Disney XD’s turbo-charged original series Motorcity and a sneak peek of the upcoming animated series Randy Cunningham: 9th Grade Ninja. The panel will be moderated by Daily Variety film editor Josh Dickey. Room 6A
2:45-3:45 Game of Thrones Panel and Q&A Session— Based on the bestselling fantasy book series A Song of Ice and Fire by George R. R. Martin, HBO’s Game of Thrones series concluded its 10-episode second season on June 3. Created and executive produced by David Benioff and D. B. Weiss, the series follows kings and queens, knights and renegades, liars and noblemen as they vie for power in a land where summers span decades and winters can last a lifetime. Season 2 of the hit series told an epic story of duplicity and treachery, nobility and honor, conquest and triumph, set in an enthralling world of intrigue, seduction, and magic. Based in Belfast, Northern Ireland, production of season 2 also took place in Croatia and Iceland. Some of the cast featured in the second season and appearing on this panel are (in alphabetical order) Alfie Allen as Theon Greyjoy, Emilia Clarke as Daenerys Targaryen, Michelle Fairley as Catelyn Stark, Kit Harington as Jon Snow, Lena Headey as Cersei Lannister, and Richard Madden as Robb Stark. George R. R. Martin, who also serves as a co-executive producer and writer on the series, moderates with executive producer Carolyn Strauss. Hall H
3:00-4:00 Arrow Screening and Q&A— Oliver Queen lives! The iconic DC Comics character will be the subject of a hard-hitting new drama series on The CW this fall. Arrow makes its Comic-Con debut with a screening of the full Arrow pilot, followed by a Q&A with series stars Stephen Amell (Private Practice) and Katie Cassidy (Supernatural), executive producers Marc Guggenheim (Green Lantern) and Andrew Kreisberg (Fringe), and pilot director/executive producer David Nutter (Smallville). After being marooned for five years on a remote island, former billionaire playboy Oliver Queen returns to his home of Starling City with a mysterious agenda and a lethal set of new skills that he uses in a war on crime. From Bonanza Productions Inc. in association with Berlanti Productions and Warner Bros. Television, Arrow will air Wednesdays at 8/7c on The CW this fall. Ballroom 20
3:00-4:00 Warner Archive Collection: Shazam!— Join ever-informed, fancentric WAC Podcast hosts George Feltenstein, Matthew Patterson, and DW Ferranti as they give fans a look at the upcoming DVD release of the popular 1970s series Shazam! The series’ own Billy Batson, Michael Gray, will be on hand, and an exclusive, limited-edition Shazam! LEGO figure will be awarded to a lucky number of fans in attendance. WAC panelists will also offer sneak peeks of Gene Roddenberry’s “other” TV series, The Lieutenant, and some highlights of WAC’s wildly entertaining upcoming slate of releases. And don’t be surprised if a few unannounced guests appear with the bold shout of a single word! Room 25ABC
3:00-3:45 Adult Swim: Robot Chicken/Robot Chicken DC Comics Special— Co-creators/executive producers Seth Green and Matthew Senreich are joined by co-head writer/executive producer Tom Root, actor/writer Breckin Meyer, and writer Matthew Beans to discuss the Emmy-winning series. DC Entertainment chief creative officer Geoff Johns joins the panel to share insider scoop about the Robot Chicken DC Comics Special. Come watch a sneak peek and get your questions answered about Season Six. Keith Crofford, VP of production for Adult Swim, will moderate the panel. Indigo Ballroom, Hilton San Diego Bayfront
4:00-5:00 Bob’s Burgers— Creator and executive producer Loren Bouchard and executive producer Jim Dauterive and cast members H. Jon Benjamin, John Roberts, Dan Mintz, Eugene Mirman and Kristen Schaal are on hand to screen never-before-seen footage, followed by a panel discussion and fan Q&A. Room 25ABC
4:00-4:45 Adult Swim: Black Dynamite— Creators and voice talent from the new animated series, based on the 2009 feature film will give an exclusive preview of the show and answer questions. The Black Dynamite animated series further chronicles the exploits of Black Dynamite and his crew. Panelists include executive producer Carl Jones (The Boondocks) will be on the panel in addition to: Michael Jai White (For Better or Worse, The Dark Knight, Why Did I Get Married?), Tommy Davidson (In Living Color), Kym Whitley (The Cleveland Show, Brian McKnight Show), Byron Minns (Mongo Wrestling Alliance), Debra Wilson (MadTV), Orlando Jones (Rules of Engagement), and Cedric Yarbourgh (The Boondocks). The panel will be moderated by Gary Anthony Williams (The Boondocks). Indigo Ballroom, Hilton San Diego Bayfront
4:15-5:15 Entertainment Weekly: Powerful Women in Pop Culture (aka Women Who Kick Ass!)— Fan-favorites Kristin Bauer van Straten (True Blood), Sarah Wayne Callies (Walking Dead), Kristin Kreuk (Beauty and the Beast), Nikki Reed (Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn-Part 2), and Anna Torv (Fringe) open up about the power and privilege of playing characters that have redefined the rules for women. Basically, a discussion with women who kick ass. Moderated by EW’s Lynette Rice. Ballroom 20
4:30-5:30 Falling Skies: The Battle Is Just Getting Started— Continuing the fight against alien invaders, TNT’s Falling Skies follows a band of human survivors on their quest to outrun and outwit the powerful alien force that invaded Earth. Join stars Noah Wyle (ER), Moon Bloodgood (Terminator Salvation), Will Patton (Armageddon), Drew Roy (Secretariat), Colin Cunningham (Living in Your Car), Sarah Carter (The Vow), and Connor Jessup (The Saddle Club), and show runner Remi Aubuchon (Caprica), with Q&A hosted by Wil Wheaton (Star Trek: The Next Generation, The Big Bang Theory). Watch never-before-seen clips and be treated to an in-depth discussion on Falling Skies season 2. Room 6BCF
5:00-6:00 Sci-fi That Will Change Your Life— Sometimes science fiction does more than mangle your eyeballs with awesome explosions — it can also make you think. Come discuss the year’s most brain-expanding sci-fi with io9 staffers Annalee Newitz, Cyriaque Lamar, and Charlie Jane Anders, plus amazing guests Phil Plait (writer/scientist, Bad Astronomy), Deric A. Hughes (producer/writer, Warehouse 13), and Sarah Kuhn (writer, One Con Glory). Room 7AB
5:30-6:30 Dark Horse: Joss Whedon— Long before directing the biggest superhero film in history, Joss Whedon rewarded fans the world over with some of the most compelling characters and plotlines in the history of comics, television, and movies. Here’s your chance to find out what he has in store for us next, and hear exclusive insight into Buffy the Vampire Slayer and the ever-expanding number of titles in Dark Horse’s line of Season 9 comics. Ballroom 20
5:45-6:45 Spartacus: War of the Damned— Liam McIntyre (McLeod’s Daughters) returns to Comic-Con, along with Manu Bennett (30 Days of Night), executive producer Steven S. DeKnight (Buffy the Vampire Slayer), and a few surprise appearances to show footage from the final season of Spartacus: War of the Damned, airing on STARZ in January 2013. They will also discuss some of the bonus features on the Spartacus: Vengeance DVD, available September 11. Room 6BCF
6:00-7:00 Hermes Press: Buck Rogers: Past, Present, and Future— Be the first to see Howard Chaykin’s new Buck Rogers. Howard Chaykin (American Flagg, Time2, Black Kiss) premieres his new concept design for Hermes Press’s new Buck Rogers comic book series. Chaykin, Daniel Herman (publisher, Hermes Press), Flint Dille (Transformers and G.I. Joe), and Erin Gray (Wilma Deering from the Buck Rogers TV show) will discuss the history of the character, the classic TV show, the tie-in comic books, and the all-new version of this iconic feature, along with a Q&A session. Room 4
6:00-7:00 Brickleberry— From creators and executive producers Waco O’Guin and Roger Black, and executive producer and voice actor in the series Daniel Tosh (Tosh.0), this hilarious new series premieres on Comedy Central in September after Tosh.0. Voice cast members David Herman (Office Space), Tom Kenny (SpongeBob SquarePants), and Jerry Minor (Anchorman) will be on hand for a panel discussion following a screening of the highly anticipated premiere episode. Room 6A
6:00-7:00 Girls Gone Genre— Listen to and talk with women who write, read, game, and perform in arenas that are statistically dominated by men. What happens when traditionally “male” genres are reinvented by female writers and embraced by female fans? Sex and the City (or for that matter, Girls), it ain’t. Meet the women who like to play with trucks and Barbies. And Wolverine action figures. And flux capacitors. Panelists: Marti Noxon (Buffy, Angel), Jane Espenson (Battlestar Galactica, Torchwood), Karyn Kusama (Jennifer’s Body), Deborah Ann Woll (True Blood), Angela Robinson (True Blood) and Gale Anne Hurd (The Walking Dead, The Terminator). Room 7AB
6:00-7:00 Optimus Prime: Up Close and Personal— The incomparable Larry King, one of the most recognized broadcast interviewers in the world, goes one-on-one with voice actor Peter Cullen (Optimus Prime), a talent who is practically synonymous with Comic-Con itself. In this panel, “The King of Interviews” salutes the beloved Cullen and takes attendees through the actor’s early days on the original 1984 animated TV series Transformers Generation One, the three box office smash Transformers movies, and his current work on The Hub TV network’s Daytime Emmy Award-winning animated series Transformers Prime from Hasbro Studios. Audience Q&A to follow. Room 23ABC
6:00-7:00 Simpsons Collectors Group— Simpsons collectors of the world, unite! Take a break from the busy Comic-Con floor and get a chance to meet some of your fellow collectors of Simpsons merchandise from all over the country. Meet the other Simpsons collectors you see on the message board and put faces to names. This gathering, hosted by the staff of the SimpsonsCollectors.com website, is a great chance to network with other collectors and share your experiences in the hobby with others. Room 28E
6:30-7:30 Designing for the Undead— Costume designers guild members Chrisi Karvonides (costume designer, American Horror Story, Carnivale), Audrey Fisher (costume designer, True Blood), and Alexander Welker (costume designer, Grimm) and costume illustrator Imogene Chayes (True Blood, American Horror Story) talk about creating all those great paranormal television characters we know and love. Room 32AB
6:45-7:45 Defiance— Syfy and Trion unite television and gaming in the biggest entertainment event of 2013: Defiance. Grant Bowler (Nolan), Julie Benz (Amanda Rosewater), Tony Curran (Datak Tarr), Jamie Murray (Stahma Tarr), Kevin Murphy (executive producer), Nick Beliaeff (SVP, development, Trion Worlds), Rob Hill (senior producer, Trion Worlds), and Mark Stern (president, Syfy original content and co-head UCP) discuss how Defiance defies everything you know about conventional storytelling. Moderated by Geoff Boucher (Los Angeles Times). Room 6DE
6:45-7:45 AMC’s Breaking Bad-— Executive producer and showrunner Vince Gilligan appears with the cast of Breaking Bad, including Bryan Cranston, Aaron Paul, Anna Gunn, Dean Norris, Betsy Brandt, R. J. Mitte, and Jonathan Banks. In a panel moderated by TV Guide’s Mike Schneider, Vince and the cast talk about what it’s like to shoot one of the boldest and most intense dramas on television, and how they are preparing for the final 16 episodes of the series. Join the panelists for a one-on-one Q&A session and an official sneak preview of Breaking Bad season 5, premiering Sunday, July 15 at 10ET/PT. Ballroom 20
7:00-8:00 And Then What Happened? Serialized Shows That Ended Too Soon— You saw every episode, you followed every storyline, you hoped against hope that they’d get another season…and they didn’t. What would have happened if the show had kept going? Hear writer/producers Andrew Chambliss (Once Upon a Time), Scott M. Gimple (The Walking Dead), Ian Goldberg (Once Upon a Time), Javier Grillo-Marxuach (Lost), and Jose Molina (The Vampire Diaries) talk about the stories that weren’t to be on such shows as Dollhouse, FlashForward, Firefly, and The Middleman. Room 7AB
7:00-8:00 The 99: The Controversy Continues— President Barack Obama said The 99 are “superheroes who embody the teachings and tolerance of Islam,” while the New York Post responded, “Cancel The 99 before it starts.” Neither has actually seen this unexpectedly controversial animated TV series, but you can see the world premiere of a new episode of The 99 and come to your own conclusions. Then join tentatively scheduled panelists Naif al-Mutawa (executive producer), Stan Berkowitz (story editor), Alan Burnett (writer), Henry Gilroy (writer), and Marie Javins (managing editor, The 99 comics) for what will undoubtedly be a lively Q&A. Room 23ABC
7:00-8:00 The Making of Kaijudo— From the producers of Transformers Prime, G.I. Joe Renegades, and My Little Pony Friendship Is Magic, comes a new animated TV series, Kaijudo: Rise of the Duel Masters, seen on The Hub TV Network. Listen as key players from the cast, including Scott Wolf (V), David Sobolov (Beast Wars: Transformers), Ryan Miller (WotC R&D), Andrew Nolosco (WotC R&D), Hasbro Studios show stewards, and talent and the creative and R&D teams from Wizards of the Coast discuss how they brought the immensely popular card game to life in this fantastical new series. You gotta see these creatures! Room 24ABC
7:15-8:15 Dark Matters: Twisted But True— John Noble (Fringe, Lord of The Rings) serves as host of the fan-favorite series on Science Channel, Dark Matters: Twisted But True. Was Charles Lindbergh an American Nazi? What prompted doctors to attempt a live organ transplant? Was a Hungarian song responsible for a mass suicide epidemic? Join the cast and production of Dark Matters for exclusive Science Channel giveaways, surprises, and an inside look into some of history’s most sordid scientific stories. Room 6A
8:00-9:00 Meet the New Geek Roundtable— What happened to Geekdom’s most diverse podcast? Hear what the group has been doing in the last year and a half. Hilarious stories, heartwarming anecdotes, and the usual rants that the show is famous for. Meet the cast, which will have some of the same old faces and a few new ones to entertain and educate. Show host Ned Cato Jr., executive producer Jesse Lopez, and a cast of thousands will challenge your geek cred. Prepare for the geekiest panel at Comic-Con. Room 4
8:00-9:00 Strike Back— Hit action series Strike Back kicks off its second season with stars Sullivan Stapleton (300: Battle for Artemisia, Gangster Squad, Animal Kingdom), Philip Winchester (Crusoe, Fringe, Camelot), and new cast member Rhona Mitra (Underworld: Rise of the Lycans, Doomsday, SGU Stargate Universe). The drama follows stealth counterterrorism unit Section 20 as they span the globe to stop potential threats. The panel will feature cool insights about the show, giveaways, and exclusive clips from the new season, which begins in August. Moderated by HitFix TV critic Alan Sepinwall. Presented by HBO/Cinemax. Room 6DE
8:00-9:00 The Aquabats! Super Show! Inside the BattleTram— Hey Aquabats fans! The band of five heroes out to save the world from boredom — Ricky Fitness, Jimmy the Robot, Crash McLarson, EagleBones Falconhawk, The M.C. Bat Commander and directors Jason Devilliers and Matt Chapman — plan to arrive at Comic-Con 2012 ready for battle! Fans can anticipate a special guest moderator and meet the stars of The Hub TV Network’s new hit series. Grab your goggles and join the legions of fans for a gnarly time with the awesomest superhero, rock music band ever to hit San Diego! Room 7AB
8:00-9:30 The Totally Rad Show Live: 5-Year Anniversary— Hosts Alex Albrecht (Four Points), Dan Trachtenberg (Portal: No Escape), and Jeff Cannata (Weekend Confirmed) bring their Webby and Podcast Award-winning geek culture show back to Comic-Con for the fifth year. Join the guys for an explosion of movie, video game, TV, and comic book news and reviews, and see what makes this Revision3 show such an Internet phenomenon. Room 24ABC
8:00-11:00 Hall H and Ballroom 20 Friday Panel Playback— Didn’t get into either Hall H or Ballroom 20 today? We feel your pain! In this three-hour block, Comic-Con will rebroadcast some of the day’s popular panels from those two giant rooms. Best of all, those in attendance will get to vote on what they want to see. It’s democracy at its finest AND it’s a second chance to see these panels. (Please note: these playbacks will include only the panel discussions. None of the film clips or footage shown at the live events will be shown here.) Room 25ABC
8:30-9:30 Space Command: Bold Adventures in the Far Reaches of Space— Science fiction legends Marc Scott Zicree (Star Trek: The Next Generation), Doug Drexler (Battlestar Galactica), Neil Johnson (Humanity’s End), Michael Reaves (Star Wars, Batman), and Ian McCaig (Star Wars) premiere footage from the highly anticipated epic adventure series that spans 200 years of Galactic History. Stars Doug Jones (Pan’s Labyrinth), Katherine McEwan (Humanity’s End), Christina Moses (Star Trek New Voyages), and Amber Benson (Buffy) discuss their roles. The visionary team gives you an early look at the stunning character design and visual effects, plus the epic score from David Raiklen. Inspired by heroic science fiction of the ’50s. A revolution in film funding and distribution, made by A-list creators for the fans free from studio restrictions. Room 5AB
8:30-9:30 Toy Masters and the 25th Anniversary of Masters of the Universe— To celebrate the 25th Anniversary of the release of the live-action He-Man feature Masters of the Universe, the “Seacrest of Sci-Fi,” Robert Meyer Burnett (Femme Fatales, Hills Run Red, Free Enterprise) brings you a powerful discussion of Toy Masters, the first ever feature-length documentary on the worldwide phenomenon that inspired an entire generation of children and became a billion-dollar franchise. The film features interviews with the key creative personnel behind every version of the bestselling toy line and all incarnations of Masters of the Universe on television, film, stage, and print, tracing the inception and ups and downs of the fantasy juggernaut. Everyone involved in the 30-year history of this historic franchise makes appearances in the film, including such genre figures as J. Michael Straczynski (Babylon 5, Thor), Richard Edlund (Star Wars, Raiders of the Lost Ark), William Stout (Conan The Barbarian, Pan’s Labyrinth), Lou Scheimer (Filmation), Michael Westmore (Star Trek franchise), Don Glut (The Empire Strikes Back, Transformers Animated), and even Dolph Lundgren, who played He-Man in the live-action film. Panel participants include Roger Lay, Jr. (director/producer), Cory Landis (producer), Gary Goddard (director), J. Michael Straczynski (writer), Mark Taylor (visual designer, Masters of the Universe toy line 1980s), Ted Mayer (visual designer/product engineer, Masters of the Universe toy line 1980s), Jack and Leslie Wadsworth (live-action He Man and She Ra, Masters of the Universe: Power Tour), and a special surprise guest! Room 26AB
9:00-10:00 Worst Cartoons Ever!— Presented by ASIFA-Hollywood, animation historian Jerry Beck (Cartoon Brew) returns with an all-new program of some of the worst cartoons ever made, including the Phys Ed superhero Mighty Mr. Titan, space cadet Johnny Cypher, and some of those 1960s Marvel Super Heroes cartoons. Have a ball with the best/bad animation ever! Room 6BCF
SATURDAY, JULY 14
10:00-10:45 Warehouse 13— America’s top-secret, artifact-finding agents have landed at Comic-Con. Stars Eddie McClintock (Pete Lattimer), Joanne Kelly (Myka Bering), Saul Rubinek (Artie Nielsen), and Allison Scagliotti (Claudia Donovan), along with executive producer Jack Kenny, present a look inside the new season of Syfy’s blockbuster series. Moderated by Damian Holbrook (TV Guide). Ballroom 20
10:00-11:00 Attack of the Show— G4’s Attack of the Show is your ambassador to the information age-from the technology you want, what you watch, listen to, and play to what the world is talking about right now. Whether it comes from 140 characters, from a 30-second video, or straight from the mouths of today’s trendsetters, visionaries, and pop-culture icons, panelists will tell you what is happening, why you should care, and what will happen next. Candace Bailey, Sara Underwood, Matt Mira, Blair Butler, Attack of the Show executive producers Vinny Rutherford and Joshua Brentano, along with special guests, bring you the closest thing to being on a LIVE Attack of the Show, an interactive Comic-Con panel! You’ll also get a chance to grill the hosts and producers and find out the dirty secrets and television tricks behind Attack of the Show. With over 1,000 shows to choose from, there’s got to be something you wanna know! Indigo Ballroom, Hilton San Diego Bayfront
10:30-11:30 Marvel Television Presents— Marvel’s head of TV, Jeph Loeb, brings the scoop on season 2 of the hit animated series Ultimate Spider-Man, along with a never-before-seen episode…and a glimpse of the other heroes joining Marvel Universe on Disney XD! Plus, get the update on other hot Marvel Animation Studios projects, including Marvel Knights Animation, Marvel anime-and more surprises from Marvel Television. Room 6BCF
10:30-11:30 Creating Animated TV Series— What does it take to create an animated series? Do you have to be a writer? An artist or animator? Both? Neither? What do you need to have to pitch an idea, and what are the studios and networks looking for? Members of the Writers Guild of America’s Animation Writers Caucus who have created and developed series, along with network/studio executives who buy them, talk about pitching and answer your questions. Featuring panelists Alan Burnett (The Batman, Green Lantern: First Flight), David Corbett (executive director, North America, RGH Entertainment), Henry Gilroy (Clone Wars, GI Joe: Renegades), Craig Miller (Pocket Dragon Adventures, Beast Wars), Andrew Robinson (Kaijudo: Rise Of The Duel Masters, Young Justice), and others. Room 8
11:00-11:45 Once Upon a Time— Magic is coming! Moderator William Keck (TV Guide Magazine senior editor and columnist) takes you to Storybrooke, where a curse placed on its fairytale inhabitants by the Evil Queen has been broken and reality and myth have merged. It’s a place where magic is about to be introduced, but with it comes its own set of consequences. Co-creators and executive producers Edward Kitsis (Lost, Tron: Legacy) and Adam Horowitz (Lost, Tron: Legacy), along with Ginnifer Goodwin (Big Love), Jennifer Morrison (House), Lana Parrilla (24), Josh Dallas (Thor), Emilie de Ravin (Lost), and Meghan Ory (Vampire High) engage in a Q&A about their hit TV series. Ballroom 20
11:00-12:00 Avatar the Last Airbender: Beginning and Beyond— For over 5 years, the organizers of this fan panel have been bringing together both fans and professionals. Moderated by Avatar_Mom, this year’s panel will include Bobby Rubio (Avatar the Last Airbender, Pixar, Alcatraz High), freelance concept artist DJ Welch (Dark Kenjie), Kevin Coppa (Puppet Benders), Dark Horse artists Gurihiru (Chifuyu Sasaki and Naoko Kawano), and actor/voice actor Dante Basco (Avatar the Last Airbender), and a few more surprise guests. If that isn’t enough, there will be a cosplay contest to showcase the fandom’s talented “fabric benders.” Room 28E
12:00-12:45 Futurama— Futurama cannot be killed! Join the cast and crew of the Emmy-award-winning series for world premiere footage of the all-new season on Comedy Central. Plus: Wear your Futurama-themed costume for the chance to win slightly valuable prizes! Scheduled panelists include creator/executive producer Matt Groening, executive producer David X. Cohen, and stars Billy West (Fry, Zoidberg, Professor Farnsworth, Zapp Brannigan), Katey Sagal (Leela), John DiMaggio (Bender), and Maurice LaMarche (Kif Kroker, Calculon, Morbo). Ballroom 20
12:00-1:00 The Naked Truth About Tarzan and Jane: The First 100 Years of Spectacular Tarzan Imagery, and One of Literature’s Best-Loved Couples as They Enter Their Second Century— Bestselling novelist Robin Maxwell (Jane: The Woman Who Loved Tarzan) and author Scott Tracy Griffin (Tarzan: The Centennial Celebration) gather with illustrator Joe Jusko (The Art of Joe Jusko) to discuss these iconic literary characters. Join them for a presentation and Q&A session hosted by Jim Sullos, president of Edgar Rice Burroughs, Incorporated, the official licensing entity for Tarzan and John Carter of Mars. Room 25ABC
12:00-1:00 Nerdist Channel— Chris Hardwick (the host of BBC America’s The Nerdist and AMC’s Talking Dead) and some very-relevant-to-your-interests talent from the Nerdist Channel on YouTube will engage in lively conversation about the current channel lineup and upcoming shows and specials, and also reveal some exclusive footage and surprise announcements about the future of Nerdist Industries. Indigo Ballroom, Hilton San Diego Bayfront
12:30-1:30 Phineas and Ferb— Witty and imaginative stepbrothers Phineas and Ferb and their secret agent pet platypus Agent P are at it again! Creators Dan Povenmire and Jeff “Swampy” Marsh, along with voice talent Vincent Martella (Everybody Hates Chris), Alyson Stoner (Camp Rock), and Dee Bradley Baker (American Dad), fill you in on the latest scoop on Disney Channel’s Emmy Award-winning, music-filled, animated comedy series for kids, tweens, and families. See exclusive content, including a sneak peek at this summer’s epic two-part cliffhanger episode “Where’s Perry?” Room 6A
12:45-1:30 The Simpsons— Now entering its 24th season, The Simpsons is a living animation legend. Join moderator David Mirkin, creator Matt Groening, executive producer Al Jean, supervising producer Mike Anderson, and the voice of Lisa Simpson, Yeardley Smith, for a lengthy look at the upcoming Treehouse of Horror, a sneak (2D) peek at Simpsons theatrical short The Longest Daycare, and much, much more (okay, 45 minutes’ worth). Ballroom 20
1:00-2:00 Cartoon Voices I— Audiences flock each year to moderator Mark Evanier’s panels of folks who supply the voices of your favorite animated characters. They demonstrate their craft and tell who they are and how they got into that bizarre line of work, and you’ll hear a voice session happen right before your ears. This year’s Saturday gathering features Matthew Mercer (ThunderCats, Resident Evil 6), Debi Derryberry (Jimmy Neutron, Monster High), April Winchell (Lilo & Stitch, The Legend of Tarzan), Steve Blum (Transformers, The Super Hero Squad Show), Jim Ward (The Avengers, The Fairly OddParents), Jack Angel (Toy Story 3, G.I. Joe), and the legendary Chuck McCann. Room 6BCF
1:00-2:00 A Conversation with Bryan Fuller— Acclaimed television writer/executive producer Bryan Fuller (Heroes), the creative force behind Pushing Daisies, Wonderfalls, and Dead Like Me, for a Q&A with fans as he discusses two of his highly anticipated projects, Hannibal and Mockingbird Lane, both at NBC. In the midseason drama Hannibal, one of the most fascinating literary characters comes to life on television for the first time: psychiatrist-turned-serial-killer Dr. Hannibal Lecter. The recently shot pilot Mockingbird Lane is an imaginative reinvention of the 1960s comedy The Munsters. Room 7AB
1:00-2:00 Sid and Marty Krofft: A Look at the Past, Present, and Future— Brothers Sid and Marty Krofft have been producing quality family entertainment for over 40 years. Sid and Marty became a household name in the ’70s with a series of remarkable programs that featured elaborate sets and fanciful characters. This panel will feature the never-before-seen network presentation reel for Land of the Lost while it was still in development. Join Sid and Marty and a special surprise guest for this Q&A session moderated by Chris Gore (G4’s Attack of the Show). Room 23ABC
1:00-2:00 TV Guide Magazine: Fan Favorites— TV Guide magazine returns with another all-star panel. Moderated by editor-in-chief Debra Birnbaum, Fan Favorites brings together stars from TV’s hottest shows for a lively discussion filled with behind-the-scenes scoop. Panelists (subject to change) include Nathan Fillion (Castle), David Giuntoli (Grimm), Joel McHale (Community), Tyler Posey (Teen Wolf), Maggie Q (Nikita), Matt Smith (Doctor Who), and others. Indigo Ballroom, Hilton San Diego Bayfront
1:45-2:30 Family Guy— Seth MacFarlane, Alex Bornstein, Mila Kunis (Black Swan, Book of Eli), Seth Green (Robot Chicken), Mike Henry, and showrunners Mark Hentemann and Steve Callaghan offer a sneak peek at Family Guy’s funniest scenes from the upcoming new season, followed by a freakin’ sweet Q&A with the audience. Ballroom 20
2:00-3:00 Star Wars: The Clone Wars: Onto Season 5— The aftermath of season 4 has left the Star Wars galaxy a very dangerous place: Darth Maul is alive, Asajj Ventress is a bounty hunter, and the Mandalorian Death Watch is deadlier than ever. How will these threads continue in season 5 of Star Wars: The Clone Wars? Find out in this behind-the-scenes panel, which will feature new clips, new insights, and more. Join the discussion with supervising director Dave Filoni and head writer Matt Michnovetz (who wrote season 4’s powerful Umbara arc). Moderated by Star Wars author Pablo Hidalgo. Room 6DE
2:00-3:00 Spotlight on J. Michael Straczynski— Joe has been coming to SDCC for decades (despite popular requests) with news and announcements. If all goes as it should between press-time and this panel, he will be making the most important announcement of his career (no, not his retirement-despite popular requests). If all does not go as it should, he will be giving a talk about migratory bird patterns. So come roll the dice with J. Michael Straczynski! Room 7AB
2:00-3:00 LOST Podcast and Beyond— Jay Glatfelter and Jack Glatfelter (Jay and Jack TV, The Married Man Show) and special guests get lost in TV talk. The co-hosts of the popular LOST Podcast with Jay and Jack discuss LOST two years after the airing of its finale, as well as other TV shows that have filled their LOST void, such as Once Upon a Time, Person of Interest, Fringe, and many more! Room 28E
2:00-3:00 Alphas— Alphas are among us…especially at Comic-Con. A panel featuring the stars of Syfy’s Alphas discuss the show’s exciting new season. Moderated by Geoff Boucher (Los Angeles Times). Indigo Ballroom, Hilton San Diego Bayfront
2:30-3:30 Penny Arcade Q&A with Gabe and Tycho— Join Gabe and Tycho (aka Mike Krahulik and Jerry Holkins) as they return to the SDCC stage. Listen as they take your questions about the comic, the reality series, PAX, Child’s Play, the game industry and more! Room 5AB
2:30-3:30 Spotlight on Ben Edlund— Comic-Con special guest Ben Edlund (creator of The Tick, writer/producer, Firefly, Angel, Point Pleasant, Supernatural) tries to understand what he’s been up to for the last four decades, with clips of some of the lively absurdities in which he’s had a hand. Spend an hour in this hot bath of mind and then write home about it! Moderated by Ben Blacker (co-creator of The Thrilling Adventure Hour, host of The Nerdist Writer’s Panel). Room 8
2:30-3:15 American Dad— An exclusive preview of next season’s most hilarious moments, followed by a panel conversation with the cast and producers of American Dad featuring Seth MacFarlane, Wendy Schaal, Scott Grimes, Rachael MacFarlane, Dee Bradley Baker, Mike Barker, and Matt Weitzman. Ballroom 20
3:00-4:00 Grimm Q&A/Season 2 Preview— Grimm, NBC’s police procedural with a supernatural mythology, returns to Comic-Con to kick off its second season packed with chills and revelations. Be among the first to get a glimpse of season 2 and participate in a Q&A session with the cast and producers: David Giuntoli (Turn the Beat Around), Russell Hornsby (Lincoln Heights), Bitsie Tulloch (The Artist), Silas Weir Mitchell (Prison Break), Reggie Lee (The Dark Knight Rises), Sasha Roiz (Caprica), Bree Turner (The Ugly Truth), and executive producers/writers Jim Kouf (Angel) and David Greenwalt (Buffy the Vampire Slayer), executive producer/director Norberto Barba (Law & Order: Criminal Intent), and executive producers Sean Hayes (Hot in Cleveland) and Todd Milliner (Hot In Cleveland). Produced by Universal Television and Hazy Mills, Grimm returns late summer on NBC and Grimm Season One will be released on Blu-ray and DVD on August 7. Room 6A
3:00-4:00 Roddenberry Presents— Eugene “Rod” Roddenberry (CEO, Roddenberry Productions), Trevor Roth (head of development, Days Missing), and Tory Mell (producer/writer: White Room: 02B3) are taking the name that created Star Trek and bringing it to levels not seen since the original days of the genre-changing television show. Join them for new exciting Roddenberry news and a sneak peek at the sci-fi short White Room: 02B3, followed by a Q&A with director Greg Aronowitz. Moderated by Frank Meyer (producer, Fresh Ink on G4. Also, giveaway of a new iPad! Room 7AB
3:00-4:00 The Write Stuff V— Meet the writers and producers who make sci-fi, horror and fantasy entertainment what it is today, and get an incredible insider look from the scribes behind some of today’s hottest genre shows as they share their candid thoughts on how to make the series we love (and sometimes loathe). Find out the highly classified secrets to getting TV shows made and how to break in and break out in today’s highly competitive broadcast environment, the deep dark secrets (and, more important, fat-free snacks) of the writer’s room-and why network executives actually care about what you say on message boards and Twitter. No canned speeches and press releases here-get the straight scoop and candid skinny from television’s most talented writers and producers, including Javier Grillo-Marxuach (The Middleman, Lost), Ashley E. Miller (Fringe, Transformers, The Sarah Connor Chronicles), Steve Kriozere (NCIS, Femme Fatales), Steve Melching (Star Wars: The Clone Wars, Transformers: The Series), Gabrielle Stanton (Haven, The Gates), Dave Simkins (Grimm, Human Target), Jose Molina (Firefly, Terra Nova), Amy Berg (Eureka, Leverage), and Mark A. Altman (Femme Fatales, Necessary Roughness). Room 24ABC
3:00-4:00 Being Human— This panel is a beast. Stars Sam Witwer (Aidan), Meaghan Rath (Sally), and Sam Huntington (Josh) join executive producer Anna Fricke to discuss the forthcoming third season of Syfy’s hit series about a vampire, a ghost, and a werewolf-all just trying to be human. Moderated by Drusilla Moorhouse (Zap2It.com). Indigo Ballroom, Hilton San Diego Bayfront
3:30-4:30 Disney Channel Television Animation— See exclusive footage and clips from upcoming episodes of Disney Channel’s award-winning series Fish Hooks and its newest mystery adventure series Gravity Falls, plus a sneak peek at the upcoming series Wander Over Yonder. Panelists include Fish Hooks creator Noah Z. Jones (Almost Naked Animals) and executive producer Maxwell Atoms (The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy), Gravity Falls creator Alex Hirsch (Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack), voice talent from both series, and Wander Over Yonder creator Craig McCracken (Powerpuff Girls, Foster’s Home for Imaginary Friends) and co-producer Lauren Faust (My Little Pony, My Little Pony: Friendship Is Magic). Moderated by Eric Coleman, senior vice president, original series, Disney Television Animation. Room 5AB
3:30-4:15 The Vampire Diaries Screening and Q&A— Back for a fourth time all the way from Mystic Falls, the cast and creative team behind The Vampire Diaries descend on Comic-Con! Series stars Nina Dobrev (Degrassi: The Next Generation), Paul Wesley (Roll Bounce), Ian Somerhalder (LOST), Michael Trevino (Cane), and Zach Roerig (Friday Night Lights) join executive producers/writers Kevin Williamson (Scream) and Julie Plec (Kyle XY) for a video screening and Q&A session. The CW’s number one series returns this fall for season 4, promising twists, turns, and-of course-(love) triangles in this defining year for our heroes and the entire town. From Bonanza Productions Inc., Outerbanks Entertainment, and Alloy Entertainment in association with Warner Bros. Television and CBS Television Studios, The Vampire Diaries returns this October, airing Thursdays at 8/7c on The CW. Ballroom 20
4:00-5:00 The Following Screening and Q&A— Don’t miss an exclusive pilot screening of The Following, the terrifying new thriller from creator/executive producer Kevin Williamson (Scream) and executive producer Marcos Siega (The Vampire Diaries). Series stars Kevin Bacon (Mystic River) and James Purefoy (Rome) will join the producers for a Q&A after the screening. This fast-paced drama follows Bacon’s character Ryan Hardy and the FBI as they are challenged with the ever-growing web of murder around them, masterminded by Purefoy’s devious Joe Carroll, who dreams of writing a dark novel with Hardy as his protagonist. From Bonanza Productions Inc. in association with Outerbanks Entertainment and Warner Bros. Television, The Following premieres midseason on FOX. Room 6BCF
4:00-5:00 Showtime: Shameless— The mischievous, unabashed Gallagher clan returns to Comic-Con for a completely shameless panel! Meet the cast and creative team behind one of the hottest Showtime original series, Shameless, moderated by one of the show’s own consulting producers, Mike O’Malley (Glee). This scrappy, unique family is incredibly engaging, but being a Gallagher isn’t always as easy as it looks. Cast and creators discuss how they capture some of their most shameless moments, plus be there when they reveal the top five fan-favorite moments from the past two seasons as voted on by you! Featured panelists include William H. Macy, Emmy Rossum, Justin Chatwin, Jeremy Allen White, and others. Indigo Ballroom, Hilton San Diego Bayfront
4:15-5:15 EPIX Originals: William Shatner and Roger Corman— Two legends of the entertainment world take to the Comic-Con stage to preview their latest projects. Get a gander at the EPIX Original movie, Roger Corman’s first-ever made in 3D, Attack of the 50 Foot Cheerleader, in which a meek college co-ed is transformed into a gigantic cheerleader. Then take a sneak peek at William Shatner’s Get a Life!, an EPIX original documentary based on Shatner’s hugely popular book, in which he examines the cultural phenomena of Star Trek, its fan-following, and his own role within it. To top it all off the panel will be moderated by “Mr. Comic Book Men” himself, Kevin Smith. Room 6A
4:30-5:15 True Blood Panel and Q&A session— Mixing romance, suspense, mystery, and humor, the Emmy and Golden Globe-nominated True Blood kicked off its 12-episode fifth season June 10 on HBO. The series follows the exploits of waitress and part-faerie Sookie Stackhouse (Anna Paquin), who can hear people’s thoughts; vampire Bill Compton (Stephen Moyer); and vampire Eric Northman (Alexander Skarsgård). Oscar and Emmy Award winner Alan Ball created and serves as executive producer of the series, which is based on the bestselling Sookie Stackhouse novels by Charlaine Harris. The series and this panel also features Ryan Kwanten as Jason Stackhouse, Sam Trammell as Sam Merlotte, Rutina Wesley as Tara Thornton, Nelsan Ellis as Lafayette Reynolds, Deborah Ann Woll as Jessica Hamby, Kristin Bauer van Straten as Pam Swynford De Beaufort, Joe Manganiello as Alcide Herveaux and Chris Meloni as Roman Zimojic. Moderated by Tim Stack of Entertainment Weekly. Ballroom 20
5:00-6:00 Glee— The popular show returns for the fourth straight year, with a star-studded panel moderated by TVLine’s Michael Ausiello. Embrace your inner Gleek and join co-creator/executive producer Brad Falchuk and stars Lea Michele (Rachel Berry), Cory Monteith (Finn Hudson), Naya Rivera (Santana Lopez), Kevin McHale (Artie Abrams), and Jenna Ushkowitz (Tina Cohen-Chang) as they discuss the past season, which ended in an emotional and shocking conclusion that will change everything for the students and graduates of McKinley High. Indigo Ballroom, Hilton San Diego Bayfront
5:15-6:00 Person of Interest Screening and Q&A— The smash hit Person of Interest returns to San Diego! Join series stars Jim Caviezel (The Thin Red Line), Michael Emerson (Lost), Taraji P. Henson (The Curious Case of Benjamin Button), and Kevin Chapman (Rescue Me), along with executive producers Jonathan Nolan (The Dark Knight) and Greg Plageman (Cold Case), for a Q&A and special video presentation highlighting the most-watched new series of the 2011-12 television season-and a sneak peek at what’s to come in season 2. Person of Interest is a crime thriller about a presumed dead former CIA agent, Reese (Caviezel), who teams up with a mysterious billionaire, Finch (Emerson), to prevent violent crimes. Aided by “The Machine” — and opposed by ruthless criminals, corrupt cops, and shadowy elements within the government — the team works with NYPD detectives Carter (Henson) and Fusco (Chapman) to stop crimes before they happen. From Bonanza Productions Inc. in association with Bad Robot Productions and Warner Bros. Television, Person of Interest airs Thursdays at 9/8c on CBS. Room 6BCF
5:45-6:45 Metal Hurlant Chronicles— In the lineage of cult series such as The Twillight Zone, The Outer Limits, and Tales from the Crypt, Metal Hurlant Chronicles is the science fiction live-action adaptation of stories from the eponymous world-renowned magazine that gave birth in the U.S. to Heavy Metal. This series world premiere screening will be followed by a Q&A session with director Guillaume Lubrano; actors Michael Jai White (The Dark Knight), James Marsters (Buffy),and Darren Shahlavi (Watchmen); fight choreographer Larnell Stovall (Mortal Kombat); and composer Jesper Kyd (Assassins Creed).  Room 6DE
6:00-7:00 CCAS Panel: Spiritual Themes In Comics— The always lively CCAS panel examines spiritual themes in both contemporary comics and pop culture in general, with a special nod this year to Ridley Scott’s Prometheus. Join Wayne Gardiner (Crucidel Productions), Sergio Cariello (The Action Bible), Leo Partible (The Action Bible), moderator Buzz Dixon (Savage Angels), and others for this fascinating analysis. Room 4
6:00-7:00 Revolution Pilot Screening and Q&A— What would you do without it all? In this epic adventure thriller from Supernatural’s Eric Kripke and J. J. Abrams’s Bad Robot Productions and directed by Jon Favreau (Iron Man films), a family struggles to reunite in a post-apocalyptic American landscape: a world of empty cities, local militias and heroic freedom fighters, where every piece of technology-computers, planes, cars, phones, even lights-has mysteriously blacked out…forever. After the screening, there will be a special Q&A with creator and executive producer Eric Kripke and series stars Billy Burke (Twilight films), Giancarlo Esposito (Once Upon a Time), and Tracy Spiridakos (Being Human). From Bonanza Productions Inc. in association with Bad Robot Productions, Kripke Enterprises and Warner Bros. Television, Revolution will air Mondays at 10/9c on NBC this fall. Room 6BCF
7:00-8:00 Building Props for Sci-Fi in the 21st Century— Sci-fi props already have the advantage of a sharp aesthetic, but in this day and age, how do you take sci-fi prop making and the replica making that tends to follow to the next level? Andy Gore (QMx), Jack Kenney (Warehouse 13), Andy Siegel (Avatar, The Amazing Spider-Man, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo), John Eblan (Star Wars Episodes II and III), and Nick Robatto (Doctor Who, Torchwood) discuss how your favorite props are made, from concept to execution. The panel will discuss the impact of accelerated production schedules and technology on how TV and movie props are conceived and created. You will also learn the various types of prop making, from working props and digital modeling to 3D printers and the use of advanced materials. Room 24ABC
7:00-8:00 Larry Nemecek’s Trekland: Between the Cracks…2012 Double-Whammy Edition!— Larry Nemecek (The Captains of the Final Frontier, ST:TNG Companion) brings his Star Trek author/historian/producer archives back for this year’s edition to celebrate the 30th anniversary of The Wrath of Khan and the 25th for The Next Generation: behind the scenes, humor, the what-ifs, the bizarre-and always some all-new blooper stills, to boot. And there’s that flick coming next year…The Con of Wrath, of course-Larry’s documentary. Oh, yes-and then that other movie, too. Room 25ABC
7:15-8:15 MythBusters— A Comic-Con fan favorite, MythBusters is back with their traditional Saturday evening panel. Adam Savage, Jamie Hyneman, Tory Belleci, Grant Imahara, and Kari Byron talk about their recent exploits and upcoming fall Mythbuster-y goodness! Room 6BCF
7:15-9:15 Comi-Kev: Q&A with Kevin Smith— For like the millionth year in a row, Saturday at Comic-Con’s not over ’til the fat lady sings…and that fat lady is @ThatKevinSmith! Taking the the Hall H stage like he takes the desserts off your lunch tray, the guy in the hockey jersey will A all of your Qs! Query about Comic Book Men, Spoilers, SModcast.com, his book Tough Sh*t, Jay & Silent Bob’s Super Groovy Cartoon Movie, his Fat Man on Batman podcast, or just ask him about stuff he’s got nothing to do with! But get ready to listen because this fatty is chatty! Warning: Kevin Smith throws around adult language like it’s clever. It’s not, but he loves it. A lot. Hall H
8:00-9:00 Make It So: What Interface Design and Science Fiction Can Learn From Each Other— Chris Noessel (co-author, managing director, and practice lead for Interaction Design at San Francisco software design agency Cooper) and Nathan Shedroff (co-author, program chair of MBA Design Strategy Program at California College of the Arts) share material from their forthcoming Rosenfeld Media book, due in August, that uses video clips of interfaces from sci-fi movies and television shows to trace the lines of influence between design in sci-fi and design in the real world. Room 24ABC
8:00-11:00 Hall H and Ballroom 20 Saturday Panel Playback— Didn’t get into either Hall H or Ballroom 20 today? We feel your pain! In this three-hour block, Comic-Con will rebroadcast some of the day’s popular panels from those two giant rooms. Best of all, those in attendance will get to vote on what they want to see. It’s democracy at its finest AND it’s a second chance to see these panels. (Please note: these playbacks will include only the panel discussions. None of the film clips or footage shown at the live events will be shown here.) Room 25ABC
8:15-9:15 Lost Girl— Anna Silk (Bo), Kris Holden-Ried (Dyson), Ksenia Solo (Kenzi), and Jay Firestone (executive-producer) answer fan questions and discuss the behind-the-scenes action that occurs on the set of the hit Showcase and Syfy series Lost Girl. Room 6BCF
8:15-9:15 Femme Fatales Revealed: Behind the Scenes of TV’s Newest Hit— Meet the cast and crew of the cult smash on Cinemax that Entertainment Weekly hailed as a “badass chick anthology series” and Geek Magazine calls “50% Tarantino, 50% Sin City, 100% Cool.” Inspired by pulp novels, comic books, and classic film noir, Femme Fatales, is based on the bestselling magazine of the same name. Every episode features the exploits of powerful and dangerous women who use their survival instincts to escape perilous situations and exude their inner guile. Creators/executive producers Mark A. Altman (Necessary Roughness, Castle) and Steve Kriozere (NCIS, Necessary Roughness, V.I.P.) host a panel of the show’s most beautiful and lethal femme fatales along with composer Joe Kraemer and some surprise guests. Also expect giveaways you won’t get anywhere else for the first 100 fans, along with a special sneak preview of the incredible one hour season finale, “Libra,” featuring a new iconic superhero created by the legendary Bob Layton (Iron Man), and a chance to win copies of the new Femme Fatales soundtrack and trading cards. Femme Fatales debuts on home video this fall and is a Four Amigos/Radioactive Fishtank Production. Room 6DE
10:00-11:00 Fringe Screening and Q&A— Fringe returns to Comic-Con for its farewell panel to celebrate its fifth and final season. Series stars Anna Torv (The Pacific), Josh Jackson (Dawson’s Creek), Lance Reddick (Lost), Blair Brown (Altered States), Jasika Nicole (Take the Lead), and John Noble (The Lord of the Rings: Return of the King), along with executive producer J. H. Wyman (Keen Eddie), offer a Q&A with fans and an exclusive video presentation. Don’t miss the discussion about the climactic conclusion of this critically acclaimed thriller. From Bad Robot Productions in association with Warner Bros. Television, Fringe airs Fridays at 9/8c on FOX. Fringe: The Complete Fourth Season will be released on Blu-ray and DVD on September 4. Hall H
10:15-11:15 Cartoon Network: Level Up— Huzzah! The Level Up gang is leaving Daventry Hills and heading to San Diego! Fans of Cartoon Network’s hit series about high school friends who battle their online foes IRL won’t want to miss this action-packed panel! Peter Murrieta (executive producer) leads the stars of Level Up, Gaelan Connell (Wyatt), Connor del Rio (Dante), Jessie T. Usher (Lyle), Aimee Carerro (Angie), and Lonny Ross (Max Ross), along with executive producers David Schneiderman and Derek Guiley, in a lively discussion on the upcoming adventures awaiting the Neverfail clan. The panel will answer fan questions and offer a sneak peek from a never-before-seen episode of Level Up! Room 6A
10:30-11:30 Global Sensation Merlin Celebrates Season 5— International hit series Merlin returns to Comic-Con to celebrate its upcoming fifth season premiere with a presentation of advance footage, a peek behind-the-scenes, and access to its stars and creators. Leading the panel are Colin Morgan, the magical title character of Merlin, and Katie McGrath, the wickedly beautiful sorceress Morgana. The pair will be joined by co-creators and executive producers Johnny Capps and Julian Murphy, as well as some fan favorite, gotta-be-there-to-see guests. Popular hostess and “writer of all things geek” Jenna Busch moderates the festivities, which will include an eye-opening offering of Merlin’s expansive new entertainment scope, some unique prizes, and a few special-for-Comic-Con surprises from the series that airs in more than 180 countries. Room 6BCF
10:30-11:30 LEGO Ninjago— Get an inside look at one of the hottest boys’ properties of 2012, LEGO Ninjago! Hear from the creators how the hit Cartoon Network TV series is developed. LEGO designers will show how they create LEGO models from the characters and vehicles on the small screen. Join the Q&A session and see an exclusive sneak peek of Ninjago: Season 2! Room 8
11:15-12:15 Supernatural Screening and Q&A— Series stars Jared Padalecki (Friday the 13th [2009]) and Jensen Ackles (My Bloody Valentine 3D), recurring guest stars Misha Collins (Ringer), Jim Beaver (Justified), and Mark A. Sheppard (Battlestar Galactica), executive producer Jeremy Carver (U.S. version of Being Human), and consulting producer Ben Edlund (The Tick) return to Hall H to answer questions from the audience about what’s in store for the eighth season of this thrill-ride series. Fans will also see an exclusive video presentation featuring series highlights, as well as a portion of the special features from the upcoming Supernatural: The Complete Seventh Season DVD and Blu-ray release, in stores September 18. The eighth season of Supernatural will premiere in October on its new night, Wednesdays at 9/8c on The CW. The series is produced by Wonderland Sound and Vision in association with Warner Bros. Television. Hall H
11:30-12:45 Cartoon Voices II— It’s the second of two panels this weekend featuring folks who supply the voices of your favorite animated characters. Moderator Mark Evanier will interrogate them about how they do what they do, ask them how they came to do what they do, and make them demonstrate what they do. Their ranks this time will include Dee Bradley Baker (American Dad, SpongeBob SquarePants), Rob Paulsen (Pinky and the Brain, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles), Audrey Wasilewski (The Garfield Show, My Life as a Teenage Robot), Fred Tatasciore (Kung Fu Panda, The Hulk), Gregg Berger (The Garfield Show, Transformers), and Misty Lee (The Garfield Show, Spider-Man). Room 6A
12:00-1:00 Espenson: an Anagram for Openness— Writer Jane Espenson (Once Upon a Time, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Battlestar Galactica, Game of Thrones, Husbands) discusses past and current work with moderator Jenna Busch (Zap2It). Artwork from an upcoming Buffy comic will provide the first look at an anticipated new character, and Husbands’ Brad Bell (Pop-Up Videos), Sean Hemeon, and Jeff Greenstein (Will and Grace, Desperate Housewives) will be on hand to discuss the upcoming season 2. Attend to learn which sci-fi superstar is joining the Husbands cast. Room 7AB
12:00-1:00 California Browncoats Meet-Up— Stop by to hear a few announcements, play a few games, and share a few stories about how everyone found their inner Browncoat. There’s no better way to share the 10th anniversary of Firefly, and it’s a lot more practical than starting a fight in an Alliance-friendly bar on U-day. Room 32AB
12:30-1:30 BBC America’s Doctor Who— The Doctor and the Ponds land in San Diego. BBC America’s Doctor Who stars Matt Smith, Karen Gillan, and Arthur Darvill join award-winning lead writer and executive producer Steven Moffat (Sherlock) and award-winning executive producer Caroline Skinner (The Fades) for a Comic-Con panel and Q&A. As fans eagerly await the new season’s premiere, BBC America is making sure Steven Moffat brings new footage to reveal on the big screens in Hall H. Ahead of the new season, BBC America will premiere new Doctor Who specials-The Science of Doctor Who, The Women of Doctor Who, The Timey-Wimey Stuff of Doctor Who, and The Destinations of Doctor Who-as part of the Supernatural Saturday programming block starting Saturday, August 4 at 9pm/8c. For those new to Who, the previous two seasons from Steven Moffat are available now on Blu-ray, DVD, and digital download. Hall H
1:00-2:00 DC Nation Screening and Q&A— The Nation is coming to San Diego! DC Nation — a one-hour action and comedy programming block on Cartoon Network starring some of the most beloved and legendary heroes of the DC Universe — will be making its very first appearance at Comic-Con. In addition to exclusive video content for fan-favorite series Green Lantern: The Animated Series and Young Justice, the panel will also be presenting sneak peeks of two highly anticipated series that will be coming soon to DC Nation: Beware The Batman and Teen Titans Go! Bringing you all this superhero goodness is a panel featuring top animation producers Glen Murakami (Teen Titans), Mitch Watson (Scooby-Doo! Mystery Incorporated), Michael Jelenic (ThunderCats), Aaron Horvath (MAD), and Jeff Prezenkowski, director of series and shorts at Warner Bros. Animation. From superheroes to sidekicks, the DC Nation panel will have something for everyone. DC Nation airs Saturday mornings from 10:00 to 11:00 ET/PT on Cartoon Network. Room 6BCF
1:45-2:45 Cartoon Network: Ben 10: Omniverse— It’s hero time in San Diego! You don’t want to miss this chance to see the world premiere exclusive sneak peek of Ben 10: Omniverse. In the new series premiering this fall, Ben has a new look, new aliens, a new sidekick, and, of course, new bad guys to battle. Yuri Lowenthal (Ben) hosts a panel featuring stars and producers who will give an inside look at the creation and direction of Ben 10: Omniverse, and you’ll be the first to see animation from this exciting new series! Room 6DE
1:45-2:45 The Cleveland Show— See the world premiere screening of “Menace II Secret Society,” the season 4 premiere episode of The Cleveland Show, featuring unbelievable guest voices followed by a Q&A with panelists Seth MacFarlane, Mike Henry, Kevin Michael Richardson (Thundercats, Green Lantern: The Animated Series, Transformers Prime), Reagan Gomez, and Rich Appel. Hall H
2:15-3:15 It’s Christmas in July! Nickelodeon’s SpongeBob SquarePants— Dust off your knitted sweater, fill your mug with nog and come along for some good ol’ fashioned Christmas cheer as panelists take you through a behind-the-scenes look at the upcoming SpongeBob stop-motion special. Creative director Vince Waller and screen novelties directors Seamus Walsh and Mark Caballero present a sneak peek at the Christmas special. The panel will also include a sing-along and Q&A with the voice cast, including Tom Kenny (voice of SpongeBob), Bill Fagerbakke (voice of Patrick), and Mr. Lawrence (writer and voice of Plankton). Moderated by Claudia Spinelli, executive in charge for Nickelodeon. Room 6A
 


Hollywood Vampires Through the Years








































17 Photos »


2:15-3:15 Buffy Turns 20: Celebrating 20 Years of Buffy the Vampire Slayer— Once upon a time, Buffy Summers became the Slayer, the Chosen One who proved a young heroine could battle the forces of darkness instead of playing damsel in distress. Stars from the hit TV series Buffy the Vampire Slayer (Nicholas Brendon, Clare Kramer) join forces with Dark Horse editor Scott Allie, writer/producer Jane Espenson, illustrator Georges Jentry, and the original Buffy herself (Kristy Swanson, star of the 1992 motion picture), not to mention a surprise guest or two, to celebrate 20 years of slayage. Room 6BCF
2:45-3:45 Sons of Anarchy— Get an inside look into the world of FX’s highest-rated series ever, with creator Kurt Sutter (The Shield) and stars Charlie Hunnam, Katey Sagal, Ron Perlman, Maggie Siff, Kim Coates, Mark Boone Junior, Tommy Flanagan, Theo Rossi, Ryan Hurst, and Dayton Callie. Hall H
3:00-4:00 Behind the Music with CW3PR: Composers and Singers on Creating the Perfect Sound for TV and Film— Singer and composer collaborations are essential to the creation of poignant and thrilling moments in TV and film. Learn how these dynamic collaborations work and how a singer’s voice can amplify an original score from composers Trevor Morris (The Borgias), iZLER (Revenge), Michael Penn (Girls), Marc Shaiman (Smash), Danny Jacob (Phineas and Ferb), and Robert Duncan (Castle), singers Lisbeth Scott (True Blood), Laura Dickinson (Phineas and Ferb), and more! Moderated by Phineas and Ferb creators Jeff “Swampy” Marsh and Dan Povenmire. A Q&A will follow the panel and giveaways for all Attendees. Room 7AB
3:00-4:30 The Business of Cartoon Voices— Have you ever been interested in a career doing voices for animated cartoons? Every year, voice director Mark Evanier (The Garfield Show) gathers together experienced actors and folks involved in casting and hiring and presents an informational panel on how the business works and how to avoid the most common mistakes of aspiring voice performers. The odds are against you, but they might get a little better if someone speaks the truth to you about what to expect and why. Room 25ABC
3:30-5:00 Starship Smackdown All*Stars: InterGalactic 3D Edition— The must-see panel of Comic-Con, brought to you by the new Geek Magazine, as featured on National Public Radio, returns for another action-packed year as the greatest spaceships in the history of the universe converge in the ultimate cosmic conflagration for the highly-coveted Smackdown title in Comic-Con’s most scholarly and erudite panel. Will the Enterprise once again defeat an Imperial Star Destroyer? Can the Serenity make mincemeat out of the Battlestar Galactica? In space, can anyone hear you scream on the Prometheus and can you actually get cell reception in the TARDIS? And what exactly is the “Captain’s Courageous” lightning round anyway? Join our panel of expert spaceshipologists as they outwit, outplay and outphaser, starring Chris Gossett (The Red Star), Ashley E. Miller (X-Men: First Class, Thor), Steve Melching (Star Wars: The Clone Wars, Transformers), Robert Meyer Burnett (Free Enterprise, The Hills Run Red), Kay Reindl (Millennium, Twilight Zone), and the Gene Rayburn of the stars, moderator Mark A. Altman (Femme Fatales, DOA: Dead Or Alive), along with some surprise guests. End your weekend with the geekiest and most beloved panel of all time in this or any other dimension, known or unknown. All new ships, all new quips as the Smackdown beams down to San Diego for its final mission. Courtesy of the all-new Geek Magazine. Room 6A
3:30-4:30 Buffy the Musical “Once More with Feeling”— Let’s end this show with a bang! The powers that be behind Fandom Charities Inc. and Whedonopolis.com present a screening of the Buffy the Vampire Slayer musical episode “Once More With Feeling”! Many say this is the finest, funniest, most ingenious episode ever to come out of the Buffyverse. But remember, the best part of the show is up to you! This episode was made for talkin’-back, that is — and singing and shouting and dancing in the aisles, with or without your dry cleaning! Audience participation: It isn’t just for Rocky Horror and mob riots anymore. Room 6BCF
Which panels will you stand in line for?

/n