What to Know About Cameron Douglas' Brazilian Girlfriend Vivian Thibes/n
Cameron Douglas recently got out of prison and he already appears to have a new lady in his life.
After serving a seven year prison sentence following a drug conviction, the recently released eldest son of ‘Michael was spotted taking a stroll through Manhattan with a lady friend on Monday. The pair looked relaxed as they walked hand-in-hand through the streets. 
Douglas’s companion has been identified as Viviane Thibes, a 38-year-old yoga instructor based out of New York City who is originally from Sao Paulo, Brazil.
Thibes has been working as a student apprentice at Jivamukti Yoga Studio in Union Square for the past five months, according to her LinkedIn page. 

RELATED VIDEO: The Story Behind the Story: Cameron Douglas Comes Home

She is a certified yoga teacher specializing in Jivamukti, an eclectic style of yoga created by David Life and Sharon Gannon in 1984. Jivamukti yoga is known for its celebrity following, and was popularized by stars like Christy Turlington.
Before pursuing yoga professionally, Thibes attended Hunter College in N.Y.C., where she got her bachelor degree in film. Douglas, whose father and grandfather are screen legends, also lists film as one of his interests on Instagram.
And just like Douglas’s famous family, Thibes has performed in front of the camera. According to her IMDB page, she appeared in a film titled La riña in 2008. The Brazilian film explores secret underground fight clubs operating in Sao Paulo. The film won the Bronze Palm Award at the Mexico International Film Festival in 2009.
According to an Instagram account that appears to belong to Douglas, he and Thibes have been linked as far as five weeks back when he first shared a photo of the two. 





 Getting recharged with some food, sushi is always a good idea, Thanks to my girl @vivianethibes for holding me down #Nyc #sushi #redshoes
A post shared by Cameron Douglas (@cameronmorrelldouglas) on Jun 28, 2016 at 5:32pm PDT


Douglas’ romantic history has been a subject of public scrutiny as two of past relationships were connected to his struggles with addiction. 
In 2009, Douglas’ girlfriend Kelly Sott served seven months in jail after she was arrested for trying to smuggle heroin to him in an electric toothbrush while he was on house arrest. 
One of his defense lawyers, Jennifer Ridha, was also caught sneaking drugs to Douglas inside prison after they developed a romantic relationship.
/n