Nicholas Hoult Calls Mad Max Co-Star Charlize Theron ''Remarkable,'' Talks X-Men: Apocalypse—Watch Now "It was quite freeing in a way. Once you've gotten rid of it it's like ‘don't have to invest in sh.../n
2015 has already been a busy year for Nicholas Hoult. The 25-year-old actor's latest film Mad Max: Fury Road is set to hit theaters in less than two weeks, and he's about to begin filming the third flick in the X-Men franchise, X-Men: Apocalypse (he also stars in three more films, Equals, Autobahn and Kill Your Friends, which are expected to be released in 2015). E! News caught up with Hoult at the Los Angeles junket for Mad Max: Fury Road on Sunday, where the actor dished on co-star Charlize Theron, the upcoming Bryan Singer-directed film and revealed what it was like to shave his head!

VIDEO: Check out the latest trailer for Mad Max: Fury Road

"It was quite freeing in a way. Once you've gotten rid of it it's like ‘don't have to invest in shampoo anymore,'" Hoult quipped to E! News of his shaved-head look, although his hair has since grown back. "There's also the moment where it gets very short, like his length [shows with his fingers] and then it gets like Velcro, like when you put on your T-shirt in the morning and everything sticks to it and you've got fluff stuck in it all the time. It looks very weird." Hoult also shares that he spent "two hours" in the makeup chair to transform into his character Nux, adding that the movie required the cast and crew to film in the desert for seven months. As for his thoughts on co-star Charlize Theron? "She's a lot of fun, great sense of humor, but also incredible to watch," he said. "I'm lucky I've done two films with her now and each time, very different characters but to watch her transform and switch it on in takes is remarkable." 

READ: Nicholas Hoult gushes over Kristen Stewart

With regards to X-Men: Apocalypse, Hoult said he's looking forward to begin filming and to reunite with the cast, which includes ex-girlfriend Jennifer Lawrence. "It's always fun to make those movies. I enjoy that role as well," he said. "I'm looking forward to meeting them," he added of the film's new castmembers. "It's weird kind of being the older member of the cast on set." Press play to hear Hoult reveal what it was like filming Mad Max in the desert!

PHOTOS: Upcoming movies
/n