The 15 Days of Celebmas: Stella & Dot Covet Sunday Bag and Covet Pave Intention Necklace/n
Happy holidays and welcome to Celebuzz’s 15 Days of Celebmas gift guide and giveaway!
We are featuring 15 unique products and services that we think would be perfect holiday gifts and we are giving ALL of them away to one lucky winner. Each day we will be highlighting one of the items in our guide, and then at the end of the 15 days (December 15, 2016) we will be choosing one lucky reader who will win all 15 gifts! Details on how to enter to win are at the bottom of the article.


The 15 Days of Celebmas








































15 Photos »



Today we are featuring the Stella & Dot Covet Sunday Bag ($248.00) and Covet Pave Intention Necklace in White Gold ($298.00)!





The Stella & Dot Covet Sunday Bag is made of luxuriously soft leather in rich saddle color and timeless bucket style. Custom hardware with hand wrapped leather tassel. Adjustable strap length, and convenient versatility to be worn two ways: long strap, or shorter for shoulder bag length. Custom jacquard lining with signature lurex detailing. Magnetic top closure in addition to magnetic snap on flap detail.





The Covet Pave Intention Necklace in White Gold allows you to set your personal intention. Want it, will it, work it. Hand crafted genuine diamonds set in 14K white gold or yellow gold. Stella & Dot uses conflict-free diamonds, which are set by hand with care and exceptional attention to detail.
Covet by Stella & Dot is a collection of everyday essentials, timeless elegance, designed with a fresh perspective, bespoke details, fine materials and exquisite craftsmanship. The collection includes of-the-moment, but always timeless jewelry, in diamonds and 14k gold and handbags, where cool and chic collide with unique artistry and masterful design, which come in supple pebble-grain leather, and an assortment of colors and styles. Covet is the collection you’ll always turn to, regardless of trends—iconic pieces that will influence the way you dress, every day. Host a pop up shop to share Covet with friends and create your own stunning looks with tips from a Stella & Dot Stylist.





Stella & Dot, an Inc. 500 Fastest-Growing Company, is a San Francisco based social selling company that creates flexible entrepreneurial opportunities for women. Their boutique-style jewelry and accessories line is available exclusively through in-home Trunk Shows by Independent Stylists and online. Their one of a kind collections are designed by celebrated New York designers and featured in the pages of top media outlets, as well as on the wrists and necklines of today’s hottest celebrities. Many have praised Stella & Dot for their innovative social shopping concept which brings together the best of ecommerce, social media, personal service and passionate earning to create the ultimate home based business for today’s modern woman.
Stella & Dot allows women to create a modern home-based business that allows them to style their own career while they enjoy irresistible style for themselves. Today’s savvy women aren’t just capable of having it all… they deserve it all! Stella & Dot has paid out over $300 million in flexible earnings, and they’re just getting started! Join us in making an impact on the workplace for women. They believe flexible = happy! More information about Stella & Dot can be found at www.stelladot.com





Stella & Dot’s Chief Creative Officer Blythe Harris is the creative mastermind behind the gorgeous designs that keep the brand at the forefront of the industry! Since Stella & Dot’s launch, the brand has expanded into a family of brands, which include KEEP Collective a customizable keepsakes and charms collection, which made over $50m it’s first year, and now COVET by Stella & Dot, the brand’s first higher-end, fine jewelry collection. As many women can attest, there is nothing like a fabulous purse, scarf or statement piece to spice up a basic outfit.
But what does Blythe Harris, Chief Creative Officer of 500 Fastest-Growing Company, Stella & Dot, deem as a woman’s best accessory? “A career and a happy family.” As an artist in residence of the prestigious Parson’s School of Design/Paris and an MBA from Columbia University, Blythe’s design experience is truly global, ranging from her work with local artisans in India and Ecuador to the fashion houses in Paris. Originally inspired by her grandmother Dot’s vintage jewelry box, Blythe’s creative vision mixes vintage design and craftsmanship with the modern aesthetic and versatility of today’s fashion-forward woman. With such experience, Blythe has an eye to forecast upcoming design trends and can offer styling tips for how to wear the season’s latest statement pieces.
Check out all of the fabulous items for sale at Stella & Dot!

Below are all 15 of the products and services that are featured in the 2016 Celebuzz’s 15 Days of Celebmas! Click the items for find out more information and for details on where to purchase.

Lacoste Home Leste Red Bedding Collection & Lacoste Home Signature Logo Bath Towel – The epitome of luxury.
FluidStance Original Handmade Level and Holster – Free yourself from your desk chair and keep that heart rate up.
Dyson Pure Hot + Cool Link Air Purifier Heater & Fan- Intelligently purifies, heats and cools you.
Rock ‘N’ Rolla XL “Vintage” Record Player – Vinyl is back in baby!
New Nintendo 3DS XL – The latest and greatest Nintendo gaming device.
Swagtron T5 Hoverboard – This hands-free smart board is all the technology & quality!
Hercules – DJ Control Instinct P8 Party Pack – Be the life of your next party with this DJ deck featuring party lights!
TCL 43-Inch 4K Ultra HD Roku Smart LED TV – The TV that may be smarter than all of us.
Drinkmate – Carbonate ANY beverage! From juices, cocktails, iced tea, and even beer.
Maggie Wallet by JEMMA – So versatile that it can be worn three different ways!
Swagboard NG-1 Electric Skateboard – The next generation skateboard electrically reimagined.
ZAGG Slim Book Pro – Enjoy the convenience to use your keyboard connected to or separated from your iPad.
Hot Wheels – Two classic track sets for the Hot Wheels enthusiast.
The I.V. Doc – Enjoy this in-home luxury hydration service with a $100 gift card.
Stella & Dot Covet Sunday Bag and Covet Pave Intention Necklace in White Gold - Two gorgeous items from Stella & Dot’s latest collection, Covet by Stella & Dot.

 


The 15 Days of Celebmas








































15 Photos »


Here is how to enter to win:
1) Leave a comment on this post telling us what past gift you received for the holidays was the most special to you!
2) Feel free to leave multiple comments!
3) When leaving your comment(s), make sure you are logged in using a valid email address! We will contact the winner via email.
4) You must live in the continental United States and be 18-years-old or older to enter. You have until midnight PST December 15, 2016 to enter.


The 15 Days of Celebmas








































15 Photos »


/n