Donald Trump FINALLY Responds To Jewish Community Center Threats After Hillary Clinton Urges Him To Speak Up!/n

It took you long enough, Donny.
On Monday, 11 Jewish community centers in states like Alabama, Ohio, Illinois, Florida, New Mexico, and Tennessee were reportedly targeted with bomb threats — calling for some much needed political condemnation.
Related: Sad Timeline Of Trump's First Month In Office!
That condemnation first came from Ivanka Trump, who broke her silence on the rising level of threats against American Jewish community centers and promoted "religious tolerance."
Though all threats appeared to be hoaxes with no injuries reported, the First Daughter took to Twitter to speak out on the matter, writing: 

America is a nation built on the principle of religious tolerance. We must protect our houses of worship & religious centers. #JCC
— Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) February 20, 2017
The 35-year-old converted to Orthodox Judaism for her husband Jared Kushner, so it was only a matter of time until she spoke out on the ongoing threats against JCCs.
This latest wave of threats comes after the FBI launched a hate crime investigation into JCCs after 53 threats were received in January.
Related: Judd Apatow Compares Trump's Presidency To Getting Raped!
While Ivanka notably kept her father — who has remained silent on the rise of anti-Semitism since his win — out of her response, Hillary Clinton wasn't as forgiving!
Trump's former election rival also tweeted about the threats on Monday, asking POTUS to speak out on the issue:

JCC threats, cemetery desecration & online attacks are so troubling & they need to be stopped. Everyone must speak out, starting w/ @POTUS.
— Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) February 21, 2017
Well, it looks like pressure from Trump's daughter and nemesis paid off.
On Tuesday, the president spoke out against the "horrible" threats and incidents of vandalism targeting Jewish organizations, saying "it has to stop."
Related: Russia Working On A Trump Psychological Report!
While visiting the National Museum of African American History and Culture, Trump told press:
"The anti-Semitic threats targeting our Jewish communities and community centers are horrible and are painful and a very sad reminder of the work that still must be done to root out hate and prejudice and evil."
Sounds like he has the same plan for rooting out radical Islam, but we shouldn't be complaining at all with a direct, non-Trump response like this.
When asked if he was denouncing anti-Semitism once and for all, POTUS said:
"Of course, and I do it — whenever I get a chance, I do it."
Good to know Trump is speaking out against anti-Semitism when he gets the chance! We just hope his words result in less threats of violence.
See his full remarks (below)!


"Anti-Semitism is horrible and it’s going to stop," President Trump tells NBC News’ @craigmelvin https://t.co/kDXrgRz879
— MSNBC (@MSNBC) February 21, 2017



"The anti-semitic threats targeting our Jewish community … are horrible and are painful," Pres. Trump says https://t.co/T5uqoA85rO pic.twitter.com/hYLPVSVGVA
— CBS News (@CBSNews) February 21, 2017

[Image via CNN/MSNBC.]
/n