19 Kids and Counting Recap: Josie, 5, Has a Medical Crisis and Derick Dillard Takes Parenting 101/n
Born at just 25 weeks old, 5-year-old Josie Duggar has made great strides since she came into the world weighing in at just over a pound.  
However, on this week’s episode of 19 Kids and Counting, she suffered a medical crisis when she began seizing out of nowhere.   
Also, Josh put Derick Dillard through Parenting 101 as he and Jill await the birth of their first child, and the remaining Duggar girls – that is, minus the married-off Jill and Jessa – renovated their bedroom. We also learned that when Jessa said she wasn’t a great cook – despite cooking lessons in Italy during her honeymoon with Ben – she truly meant it. 
Parenting 101
While visiting Josh, 27, and Anna in Washington, D.C., Derick learned the basics of parenting while Jill talked pregnancy with Anna.  
Derick had to start at “ground zero,” even learning how to buckle a child into a car seat and, most importantly, how to wrangle children in the grocery store as they run around demanding every non-healthy food in existence.   
“I don’t think he watches little kids that much,” said Mackynzie, 5, generously adding: “But he might be a great dad!”  
Derick, 26, admitted that he couldn’t imagine having to take care of three kids on his own, but that, as the years go on, he could work his way up.  
Jessa Is a Well-Meaning Disaster in the Kitchen
 Back from their honeymoon, it was time for Jessa, 22, and Ben, 19, to settle into their married lives. Jessa was keen on preparing a home-cooked meal for Ben, but unlike Jill, she’s not necessarily a natural in the kitchen.  
Using one of Ben’s hammers to pound chicken was an inspired if unusual food hack, but things went a bit south for Jessa when she realized that she started preheating the oven with the owner’s manual still stuck inside.   
Once she got rid of the accidental appetizer, however, her meal of chicken, asparagus and sweet potato fries ended up being “amazing,” according to Ben. Still a way to go before she feels comfortable in the kitchen, to be sure, but at least her new husband is enthusiastic about her efforts.    
The Duggar Girls Renovate Their Room
Before (above) and after: Girls’ room in the Duggar household remodeled, as seen on 19 Kids and CountingWith Jessa and Jill gone, it was decided that the girls would renovate their room – the décor was a little childish, especially given that the eldest girls remaining in the Duggar household are 25 and 21 years old.   
Jim Bob was in characteristic denial about getting rid of some of the younger décor – when Jill and Jessa got married, he was tearful about giving them away – but, with the help of Michelle’s childhood friend, they brought the bedroom into 2015.   
While Jessa has been loving newlywed life, she did good-naturedly admit she was a little jealous about the renovation happening after her flying the coop, but that, mostly, she misses “the evenings of just girl talk and chatting and stuff.”  
Josie Has a Seizure
 Jana and Josie Duggar on 19 Kids and CountingCourtesy TLCWhile Michelle, 48, and Jim Bob, 49, were away in Chicago for an appointment, Josie began seizing under Jana’s care.  
This is the “fourth or fifth” seizure she’s had, and so James, 13, knew what he was seeing when he asked Josie a question and she didn’t respond. “She was just sitting there, staring, and then started jerking,” said Jana, 25, in retelling the incident.  
Prior to the paramedics’ arrival, even the director of the episode – Scott Enlow – jumped in to assist Jana, who was understandably tearful.  
“One of the little glitches for Josie is that if she runs a fever, she does have the tendency to have febrile seizures,” revealed Michelle. “It might happen just like that; she’ll spike a temp when you least expect it, and she’ll have a seizure.”   
At the hospital, the doctors ran a CAT scan to ensure that everything was normal in Josie’s brain – her muscles were so tightly seized that her brain could have suffered some damage – but, luckily, everything was well in the end.  
Though “it took her a little while to get back to normal,” Josie was allowed to return home and welcomed her parents with open arms the next morning after they rushed back home to Arkansas. “I was glad when mommy and daddy came home,” said Josie. “I’m all better now!”   
Fans of TLC’s hit show 19 Kids and Counting – which airs Tuesdays at 9 p.m. ET – can see the birth of the family’s newest addition, Israel David Dillard, on May 5 in advance of Mother’s Day.   
And for more on Jessa and Ben Seewald’s pregnancy news, pick up this week’s issue of PEOPLE, on newsstands Friday
Want More Duggars? Click here to get weekly updates on the stars of TLC’s 19 Kids and Counting in the Duggar Family Newsletter.
RELATED: Take a Tour of Ben & Jessa Duggar Seewald’s New Arkansas Home

/n