Tarek and Christina El Moussa Want Another Season of ‘Flip or Flop’/n





                    'Flip or Flop' Star Tarek El Moussa Dated His Kids' Former Nanny
                







What?!

 MORE >>










                    'Flip or Flop' Star Christina El Moussa Is Dating a Hockey Player
                







Well, that was quick.

 MORE >>





Their marriage may be over, but Tarek and Christina El Moussa are fighting like hell to keep their TV show alive.

The couple, who separated last year after seven years of marriage, are said to be in talks with HGTV about an eighth season of their home renovation series, Flip or Flop. According to TMZ, the parents-of-two are adamant on making more episodes despite Tarek officially filing for divorce this January.
Sources tell the publication the two are negotiating with the network because they believe the upcoming Flip or Flop spin-offs, which center around new couples in different cities across America, will bring more attention to their original series.
However, though ratings are still good, HGTV is rumored to be hesitant about giving the estranged couple another season. “They won’t go beyond what they’ve already shot. There will be only the spin-off shows with the new couples in different cities,” a high-level network insider tells InTouch. “Christina El Moussa and Tarek El Moussa won’t be filming more episodes. Season 7 is their last.”



#Fliporflop #season7!! I think Christina was attacked by a #raccoon because she has #holes all over her #designer #shirt!!!!! Look at big #sexy Jeff #photobombing back there!
A post shared by Tarek El Moussa (@therealtarekelmoussa) on Nov 15, 2016 at 6:49pm PST



The source also claims Christina is planning to star in her own interior design show, saying, “She’s drawing a lot of interest and feels HGTV will let her out of her contract. She has impressed several people at other networks who can give her a new show. They think she’s a hot commodity.”
Last December, word was spreading that Flip or Flop will likely end in 2017 given the couple’s tumultuous relationship was made public earlier that year, when police responded to a call about a domestic disturbance and a “possibly suicidal male with a gun.”
Though, at the time, HGTV insisted the series “will continue production as scheduled,” the cast and crew of Flip or Flop have yet to begin shooting.


Christina El Moussa Spotted Without Wedding Ring








































12 Photos »


/n