10 Facts You Never Knew About Tyler Perry, All-Star Humanitarian/n





                    Here's What the People's Choice Awards Looked Like 10 Years Ago
                







Throwback!

 MORE >>





The list of all of the titles that Tyler Perry has earned throughout his life and career is long enough to blaze its own trail of unique success.

He is an actor, a comedian, a producer, a director, a screenwriter, a playwright, an author, and a songwriter, but tonight (Jan. 18) at the 2017 People’s Choice Awards, we will honor his work as a humanitarian. Perry will be presented with the fifth annual People’s Choice Award for Favorite Humanitarian at the awards ceremony, which begins at 9 p.m. EST on CBS.
“Perry was chosen as this year’s honoree in recognition of his efforts to change lives all over the world for the better,” the People’s Choice Awards said in a statement. “With the help of the Tyler Perry Foundation he has donated millions of dollars to organizations such as Feeding America, the NAACP, Charity Water, among others, all in effort to help eradicate homelessness, support civil rights causes and aid survivors of devastating natural disasters such as the earthquake in Haiti and Hurricane Katrina.”


10 Fascinating Facts About Tyler Perry








































10 Photos »


Perry responded to his nomination with a video on Instagram in which he said, “What I try to do about life and what I’m trying to do is be a balance-keeper, meaning that when I hear something dark or see something that’s wrong or terrible or something that I really have no control over and I can’t really do anything about, what I would do is if I see something like that on the news is I would try to do something kind for someone to keep some balance in the world.”



Part 2
A video posted by Tyler Perry (@tylerperry) on Jan 17, 2017 at 2:38pm PST



 
Enterprise Rent-A-Car, a sponsor of the awards show, will be donating $100,000 to Perry’s charity of choice, the Global Medical Relief Fund for Children.
If you never knew about Perry’s widespread philanthropic efforts, learn more about them here, and launch the gallery at the top of the page to learn ten more facts about him.
Tune into our coverage of the 2017 People’s Choice Awards tonight, Jan. 18, 2017.
/n