Celine Dion Strips Down Completely Naked On Instagram At Age 49/n
Celine Dion, known for her super skinny body, has shocked her fans by stripping down!
Vogue Magazine shared a sultry photo on Instagram of the “My Heart Will Go On” singing superstar, 49, completely naked sitting on a chair with her legs and arms strategically crossed to hide her private parts.
Dion cleverly used a hand and a knee to obscure the nudity.
PHOTOS: Celine Dion Pays Tribute To Late Husband On His 1-Year Death Anniversary





 Here's a little naked fact to ponder while Celine Dion changes looks between shows: for the past five years she has worn haute couture near exclusively for her own performances (in Las Vegas and on her current "mini-tour" of Europe). She performs a minimum two hours a night, five or six nights a week, dancing and curtseying and generally gesticulating sans abandon, in handmade, hand-beaded delicacies designed solely to walk a catwalk or a carpet (and often with handlers). For Celine's orders, the houses send teams to Nevada for typically three fittings, before the garments are ultimately finished in her local, private atelier. Armani Prive, Schiaparelli, Giambattista Valli, Versace…only a partial list. Everyone, basically. In Vegas, Velcro panels are added to allow for her ribcage to expand or for a quick outfit change. Micro straps of elasticized chiffon prevent a slit from becoming a sloppy situation mid-squat. Shoes—always heels, never platforms—are ordered one size smaller (she is normally a 38) and refitted with metal shanks. Says Celine, "We have to make haute couture industrial." And, more enigmatically: "The clothes follow me; I do not follow the clothes." Which is to say: the haute couture, with all its fragility and handcraft, has to perform professionally for Ms. Dion. And privately as well. Years ago, Celine bought a classic little black dress from the Christian Dior atelier when the house was overseen by John Galliano. It is simple, falling to mid calf, and narrow as can be with just a hint of stretch. It requires a minimum of jewelry, a statement bracelet or perhaps one of the major diamond rings she designed with her late husband Rene Angelil: two pear cuts set in a wide pave band, or two hearts of diamond and emerald abstractly interlocking, on a cushion of yet more diamonds. This LBD forces you to walk one foot in front of the other. This is a dress Celine knows well and clearly loves, the simplest evocation of the private luxury of couture and the total antithesis of the red carpet hoopla that attends the union of fashion and celebrity. It is also the dress she wore to Rene's funeral. #CelineTakesCouture Photo by @sophfei.
A post shared by Vogue (@voguemagazine) on Jul 3, 2017 at 10:25pm PDT



The shot was taken between costume changes during her mini concert tour which currently has the Canadian songbird performing in Paris.
And now Dion’s supporters must decide whether the shot is hot — or makes her look too skinny. As Radar has reported, sources said last year she lost too much weight after her husband Rene Angelil’s tragic death.
Dion, who has been a widow since her longtime husband Angélil died at age 73 of throat cancer in January 2016, put a hand over her mouth so that Vogue Instagram fans could focus on her smoky eye makeup as well as her slim body.
PHOTOS: Celine Dion’s Son Seen For The First Time Since Dad’s Death — With Bleached Hair!
A Vogue writer captioned the stunning picture of the singing sweetheart, “Here’s a little naked fact to ponder while Celine Dion changes looks between shows: for the past five years she has worn haute couture near exclusively for her own performances (in Las Vegas and on her current ‘mini-tour’ of Europe). She performs a minimum two hours a night, five or six nights a week, dancing and curtseying and generally gesticulating sans abandon, in handmade, hand-beaded delicacies designed solely to walk a catwalk or a carpet (and often with handlers).”
The caption continued, “For Celine’s orders, the houses send teams to Nevada for typically three fittings, before the garments are ultimately finished in her local, private atelier.”
Avoiding the issue of Dion’s nakedness, Vogue’s captioned added information about her love for a little black dress that she “knows well and clearly loves, the simplest evocation of the private luxury of couture and the total antithesis of the red carpet hoopla that attends the union of fashion and celebrity. It is also the dress she wore to Rene’s funeral.”
PHOTOS: Celine Dion Copies Zendaya Coleman’s Style In Wacky Retro Outfit
Vogue was likely on hand at Dion’s shows because according to fashion experts, she has been making a bigger style statement lately thanks to her stylist, Law Roach.
She recently got photographed in a navy Louis Vuitton pyjama chic inspired ensemble outside of her AccorHotels Arena de Paris hotel.
Dion has admitted to having a shoe fetish, as Radar has reported.
According to reports, stylist Law is known as the “image architect,” who has recently taken Dion from dowdy to daring.
But there’s no word on if Law advised the now naughty widow to strip naked and share the photo with fans!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n