Andrew Garfield Felt His Portrayal of Spider-Man Was ‘Compromised’/n





                    Andrew Garfield Says He's 'Deeply Offended' by Today's Culture
                







Andrew Garfield has a few problems with society and his own fame.

 MORE >>










                    Andrew Garfield Responds to Tom Holland's Casting as New Spider-Man
                







Andrew Garfield is taking the high road.

 MORE >>





Even though he has two successful The Amazing Spider-Man movies under his belt, Andrew Garfield is still a little “heartbroken” over the fact that he wasn’t able to portrayal the web-slinger the way he wanted to.

While speaking with Amy Adams, who played Lois Lane in the Man of Steel and Batman v. Superman: Dawn of Justice, for Variety’s “Actors on Actors” interview, the 33-year-old opened up about his struggles with signing onto a film franchise as a relatively inexperienced actor, explaining how working on a big budget flick opened his eyes to how the movie business actually works.
“I’m loath to judge that experience and paint it as a whole. But there were great things about it. I got to work with incredible actors and a really great director,” he said. “There’s something about being that young in that kind of machinery that I think is really dangerous. I wasn’t a teenager, but I was still young enough to struggle with the value system, I suppose, of corporate America.”
“There’s something that happened with that experience for me where story and character were not actually top of the priority list, ultimately. And I found that really, really tricky,” he continued. “I signed up to serve the story and to serve this incredible character I’d been dressing as since I was 3. And then it gets compromised, and it breaks my heart. I got heartbroken a little bit.”


Andrew Garfield Hangs Out With A Mini Spider-Man








































9 Photos »


“That’s the tricky thing with Lois Lane that I find. I love playing her, I love everyone I work with, but sometimes it’s tricky because I feel she’s in service of the story instead of the story serving a character,” Adams added of her own experience. ” I’ve signed on to things for one reason, and they’ve turned into something else, and it’s always a little heartbreaking, because you have to let go of that ideal.”
However, Garfield had nothing but nice things to say about his Spidey successor, Tom Holland. Last year, amid the news that Holland will be taking on the superhero in Sony Pictures’ third reboot, he gave his blessings to the young actor.
“It feels lovely, especially because Tom Holland is a really, really great actor,” he told Entertainment Tonight at the time. “I’m just really excited to just be a fan again as opposed to bearing the weight of it.”


Tom Holland Dons Spider-Man Suit on Set








































19 Photos »


/n