Chris Soules Bought Alcohol Before Fatal Car Crash, Say Prosecutors/n





                    Details on Chris Soules' Drinking Habits
                







An Iowa bartender claims Chris Soules is known in the community as a heavy drinker.

 MORE >>










                    Chris Soules Deletes Instagram After Fatal Car Crash
                







What's he hiding?

 MORE >>





The prosecution in Chris Soules’ car crash case claims the Bachelor alum purchased alcohol prior to his fatal vehicular accident that claimed the life of fellow farmer Kenneth Mosher.

In court documents, prosecutors claim Soules was seen buying alcohol “at a convenience store shortly before the accident.” They also allege “empty and partially consumed open alcoholic beverages” were found in and around Soules’ 2008 Chevrolet truck after the crash.
The claims come after Soules’ legal team asked a judge to dismiss his felony charge of fleeing the scene of a fatal accident, arguing the 35-year-old fulfilled his legal obligations by calling the police. In a 911 phone call, Soules told the operator he had checked Mosher’s pulse.




chris soules' booking photo

CREDIT: Buchanan County Sheriffs Office via Getty Images


According to an Iowa bartender, Soules was heavily drinking and “slurring his words” at local watering hole just weeks prior to the incident. Jennifer Stover, who works at the Franklin Hotel, recently told In Touch the reality star consumed “five Jack and Coke doubles” and “three whiskey shots with pickle juice to chase it” during a night out with friends.
Soules was behind the wheel of his car on April 24 when he crashed into a John Deere tractor driven by 66-year-old Mosher. After fleeing the scene, he was taken into police custody at his Arlington, Iowa home before posting $10,000 bail.
“My family and I are overwhelmed with this tragedy, but we are sticking together and we’ll get through it,” he said in a statement.
Soules is due in court May 9.


more celebrity mugshots








































7 Photos »


/n