Giveaway Alert: American Cinematheque 2016 Gift Bag, Worth Over $1,500/n
You too can be a star! Win the bag given to Matt Damon, Kristen Wiig, Bradley Cooper and more backstage at the 2016!





                    Celebrities Partied and Picked Up Some Amazing Swag During Pre-Emmy Awards Festivities
                









 MORE >>






The awards honored director Ridley Scott this past Friday night (Oct. 14, 2016) at the Beverly Hilton, in Beverly Hills, Calif.
How to Enter:
1) Leave a comment on this post telling us what your favorite movie is of all time and why!
2) Feel free to leave multiple comments!
3) When leaving your comment(s), make sure you are logged in using a valid email address! We will contact the winner via email next week.
4) You must live in the continental United States and be 18-years-old or older to enter. You have until midnight PST October 23, 2016.
The prize includes:
Alcantara® – Founded in 1972, Alcantara represents one of the leading Made in Italy brands thanks to its extraordinary versatility. Alcantara is the chosen material for leading brands in numerous specialist fields: fashion, accessories, automotive industry, interior design, home décor, and consumer-electronics; and these characteristics, together with a proven commitment to the use of sustainable materials, allow Alcantara to define a contemporary lifestyle: the lifestyle of those who enjoy everyday products to the fullest while respecting the environment.
Boogie Board eWriters – Eliminate the need for paper, scratch pads and sticky notes – simply write and erase with Boogie Board’s Jot 8.5. The durable, ultra-lightweight LCD writing screen is engineered to feel just like writing with pen on paper, and the image stays as long as you need it to and can be erased with the touch of a button.
DELSEY Luggage – Elegant and innovative CHÂTELET SOFT+ is decorated with faux-leather accents and features a unique brake system to prevent the bag from rolling away. The deluxe interior features soft-touch lining, tie-down straps and coordinating shoe and laundry bags for traveling in style.
Dock & Bay – Dock & Bay brings you the towels of the future. Not only are they round but they are also the biggest on the market (75” diameter), whilst being compact, quick drying and super absorbent!
Eden Roc at Cap Cana – Eden Roc at Cap Cana is a five-star Relais & Chateaux resort nestled in Cap Cana at the eastern tip of the Dominican Republic. The property is comprised of 34 magnificent free-standing suites, each with its own swimming pool, and offers world-class gourmet dining headlined by signature Mediterraneo Restaurant, exceptional treatments at the resort’s Solaya Spa and access to three adjacent world-class Jack Nicklaus Golf Courses. A resort stay is not included in this prize. Winner will receive a t-shirt.
FILORGA – FILORGA ‘Optim-Eyes’ Eye Contour Treatment is an anti-aging, anti-dark circle and anti-puffiness eye care treatment, which is a unique complex that reduces dark circles by promoting the elimination of pigmented residue while powerful active ingredients boost venous and lymphatic circulation to reduce swelling in the lower eyelid. Hyaluronic acid and a trio of draining active ingredients smooth the eye contour for a fresher appearance.
kai – Our classic scented moisturizer of a gardenia top note wrapped in white exotics, which contains several naturally moisturizing ingredients including safflower seed oil, shea butter, apricot kernel oil, vitamins A, C, & E, with extracts of comfrey, cucumber, and ivy.
KareCo’s Tangle Buster Flexible Paddle Brush – Dry or wet hair, even extensions, detangle easily & gently with the unique Tangle Buster Flexible Paddle Brush.
LOUVEN – Louven’s collection of rings, bracelets and necklaces are an artful showcase of unique, sophisticated accessories.
Marchon – Designer eyewear by Marchon.
MAX BRENNER’S CHOCOLATE LOVE BONBONS – Presented in a box inspired by Max Brenner’s chocolate love story, each bonbon is carefully designed and handcrafted in the French tradition for a rich taste that’s unmistakably Max.
Nialaya Jewelry – Nialaya beaded bracelets, handmade from onyx, lava stone, sapphire, pearls, sterling silver and more.
Prophetik Intimates – The L’Ebeniste is an organic cotton boxer brief hand woven with no chemical synthetic dyes.
Savannah Bee Company Tupelo Honey – Savannah Bee’s elegant Tupelo Honey Flute Classic is the gold standard for taste and preservation. For two weeks, white Tupelo Trees in the Southeastern swamps bloom, creating nectar for the bees and a honey with buttery undertones and a clean-finishing sweetness for you to enjoy until the last drop.
sérumtologié® – sérumtologié, based in Beverly Hills is a leading maker of novel and innovative skin care products containing safe and clinically proven ingredients but without the often shockingly high price tag that accompany some other luxury skin brands. Two of the company’s products that have met with strong client acceptance are our groundbreaking C serum º22 and PURE Whipped Chiffon, its companion daily moisturizer.
SpaRitual, Handprint® Hand Serum – SpaRitual’s HandPrint Hand Serum is formulated with Swiss Apple Stem Cells and infused with Ginger Root Extract to soften and smooth skin’s texture, Pumpkin Fruit Extract to help build collagen and promote elasticity, and Licorice Root to help brighten discoloration.
Spire – The mindfulness + Activity Tracker – Spire is the only wearable that increases mindfulness and productivity by tracking breathing patterns reflecting our state of mind. Spire’s in-the-moment notifications makes becoming mindful more attainable throughout the day while in-app breathing exercises and guided mini-meditation sessions promote the modification of negative behaviors.
Sun Therape Pro Sport Face & Body Lotion – Moisturizer with SPF 35 absorbs quickly, ultra sheer and hydrating.
Thera Cane MAX Trigger Point Massager – Treat yourself to deep relief from painful, knotted, spasmed muscles. This amazingly simple yet effective self-massager makes it easy to apply pain-relieving deep compression directly to hard, knotted “trigger points” anywhere they occur – breaking up tension even in the hardest-to-reach muscles between your shoulder blades!
V76 by Vaughn – DAILY BALANCE Exfoliating Facial Cleanser by V76 is a mild exfoliating cleanser that washes away oil and impurities to refresh and renew. DAILY BALANCE Facial Moisturizer is a shine-free energizing lotion that locks in moisture and soothes to help give skin a refreshed, more youthful appearance.
Items in photo subject to change based on availability — some colors and styles may vary. Courtesy of Backstage Creations.


Backstage Creations' Giving Suite During The 2016 Emmy Awards








































29 Photos »


/n