‘Melrose Place’ Reunion: Heather Locklear Calls Show ‘Highlight of My Career’ (VIDEO)/n





                    '90210': Now and Then
                







See pictures of the original cast from now and then.

 MORE >>










                    'Clueless' Reunion
                









 MORE >>





 It was Melrose Monday on Good Morning America as the cast of the Melrose Place reunited to celebrate Entertainment Weekly’s annual reunions issue.
Featuring an all-star cast including Heather Locklear, Courtney Thorne-Smith, Grant Show, Daphne Zuniga, Josie Bisset, Doug Savant, Andrew Shue, and Laura Leighton, Melrose Place, a spin-off of Beverly Hills 90210, aired on FOX from 1992-1999.
In footage from the EW photo shoot shown on GMA, Locklear, who played queen bee and eventual Melrose Place apartment complex owner Amanda, said the show was “definitely the highlight of my career.”
She continued, “When I saw this show before I was on it … I said ‘Oh, my God, that group looks fun to be with. I want to be on that show. It’s been a really special cast.”
Her sentiment was echoed by Shue, who appeared live on GMA. The actor, who played writer Billy Campbell, says that while the show was known for its high drama storylines, “We weren’t catty. There were no divas. It really was a family.”
Shue is married to GMA anchor Amy Robach, who interviewed the cast at the shoot.
What else did the cast reminisce about ?

The crazy and memorable storylines from the show’s seven season run, of course. The show, based on the lives of a group of 20-somethings who all lived in the same apartment complex in Los Angeles, was known to often go off the deep end at times.
In one episode, Cross’ Dr. Kimberly Shaw stole Jo’s (Zuniga) baby after inducing her labor and then breastfed it. In another, Savant’s character ripped off Shaw’s wig in a hospital.


it all began with '90210' -- see the cast then and now








































8 Photos »


 
Laughing, Show also mentioned the time that their famous apartment building blew up — but every character just happened to survive. Another infamous episode: when Jane (Bisset) and Syndey (Leighton) fought over a wedding dress and both ended up in a pool.
Also appearing on GMA was EW editor-in-chief Jess Cagle, who told Robach that the cast really does love each other. “Every single one of them loves the show,” he said. “They were really grateful for the opportunity. It was a very good energy. It really felt like a high school reunion.”
For more on the cast’s reunion, watch the videos above and below — and pick up Entertainment Weekly’s annual reunion issue, on newsstands now.

brightcove.createExperiences();

 
/n