Craig Strickland Found Dead, Body Discovered After 7-Day Search/n
Just as Helen Strickland shared new hope in the hunt for her missing husband, Backroad Anthem singer Craig Strickland, the 29-year-old was found dead after seven days of searching.
As Radar previously reported, Strickland was declared missing after disappearing on a duck hunting trip this weekend in Oklahoma with pal, Chase Morland, who was found dead at 11 a.m. last Monday morning.
Strickland’s dog, Sam, was discovered guarding Morland’s body, refusing to leave him until help arrived.
PHOTOS: Drugs, Death & Arrests—Bobbi Kristina Brown’s 50 Most Shocking Moments
The search for Craig carried on for eight days, but Oklahoma’s Highway Patrol finally discovered his remains on Monday, Jan. 4.
“OHP says body of #CraigStrickland recovered as search resumed this morning. Finally closure, as painful as it may be,” Brandi Ball wrote on Twitter of the news.

OHP says body of #CraigStrickland recovered as search resumed this morning. Finally closure, as painful as it may be https://t.co/eY6viSJdJx
— Brandi Ball (@fancybuffalo) January 4, 2016

Sadly, just hours ago, Strickland’s wife Helen remained positive about the situation.
“We were unable to locate Craig Strickland today,” she wrote of a video posted on Sunday. “However, we are able to stay positive after conducting an interesting experiment to see if waders actually cause a person to sink.” Helen later added, “From this experiment we can conclude that Craig may have actually floated after the boat was capsized.”
PHOTOS: Celebrities Found Dead In Famous Hotels





 We were unable to locate Craig Strickland today. However, we are able to stay positive after conducting an interesting experiment to see if waders actually cause a person to sink. Since Craig was most likely wearing his waders it would be helpful to know what actually happens when a duck hunter falls into the water. Craig's friend put on the same style waders Craig wore last Sunday and tested it's buoyancy in the hotel pool. From this experiment we can conclude that Craig may have actually floated after the boat was capsized.  Our family wants to thank Craig's friends Garthe Goodwin, Ryan Ney,  Brandon James and Jake Terry who have not stopped trying to do everything possible to find Craig. Thank you for being willing to try this experiment to answer more questions for our family.  #powerofprayer #craigstrickland #prayersforcraig @oleboy40 https://youtu.be/Hk-wOT24H18
A video posted by Helen Wisner Strickland (@helenelizabethstrickland) on Jan 2, 2016 at 9:07pm PST



Meanwhile, before Strickland’s body was discovered, the singer’s band posted a heartfelt message on their Facebook page to pal Morland: “Everyone please say special prayers for the family of Chase Morland. They were very close friends and it is such a heartbreaking loss…We are trying to think of a scenario where he is still alive. Hoping against the odds. We can’t even stand to think about it. We are devastated. Only God & time can put us back together. Love all!”
Monday afternoon, Helen gave a final update, saying goodbye to Craig.

#CraigStrickland was found today. He is safe with his Father in Heaven. Thank you Lord for leading us to him today. I will praise you, Amen.
— Helen Strickland (@HelenWisner) January 4, 2016

Thoughts and prayers go out to Craig’s friends and family. /n