 Lindsay Lohan Told Her Attorney To Keep Her Out Of Rehab Until AFTER Coachella Music Festival!.../n
During the last minute plea talks between Lindsay Lohan‘s attorney, Mark Heller, and prosecutors handling her lying to cops case, the wayward actress told him to keep her out of rehab until AFTER the Coachella music festival so she could attend, RadarOnline.com is exclusively reporting.
PHOTOS: Lohan Adds Yet Another To The Ever Expanding Album — Take A Stroll Down Lindsay Mug Shot Memory Lane!
“Lindsay was adamant that she not be forced to go to rehab until after the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival in the Palm Springs area on successive weekends in April. Lindsay LOVES going to the musical festival, and she’s determined to go this year. She didn’t want a little thing like rehab to get in her way of attending. Linds refused to sign off on any deal that would have prevented her from going to Coachella, period. Yes, it’s that important to her, for some strange reason,” a source told RadarOnline.com exclusively.
PHOTOS: Lindsay Lohan And Her Sugar Daddies: Who Are The Three Super Rich Men Allegedly Keeping Her Afloat
Perhaps Lilo’s new romance with musician and club promoter, Avi Snow, has made the Mean Girls star,26, even more resolute in her determination to go to the concerts.
PHOTOS: Unlucky With Love! 10 Celebs With The Worst Relationship Histories
Lohan has attended the Coachella music festival in 2010, 2011, and 2012. This year’s festivities take place on April 12, 14, 19, 21, and the line-up includes the Red Hot Chili Peppers, The Lumineers, Moby, and the Airborne Toxic Event.
Avi was said to be on the Mr. Pink private jet that flew Lindsay to Los Angeles early Tuesday morning for her day in court.
And after Lindsay posed for her latest mug shot, she hot-footed it to City of the Sun’s show at private club 41 Ocean in Santa Monica.
PHOTOS: Lindsay Lohan In The Canyons: Your Sneak Peek Here!
As we previously reported, during a plea deal that Lohan reached last week in her lying to cops case, the actress was ordered to enroll in a rehab facility, by no later than mid-May. This will be Lohan’s SIXTH trip to rehab since 2007, and she’s spent a total of 250 days getting treatment for alcohol and prescription drug abuse.
“Lindsay will be treated for prescription drug and alcohol addiction during her stay,” a source previously told Radar. “Lindsay’s prescription drugs of choice are Adderall and Xanax, and in addition, she consumes large amounts of alcohol — specifically, vodka.
PHOTOS: Not All Pairs Of Boobs Are Matching Sets! Celebs With Lopsided Assets
“The main problem when it comes to Lindsay ever getting sober is her absolute denial that she has any substance abuse issues. Once again, she is only going to rehab purely because it’s a slightly more attractive alternative than going to jail. Of course, there is hope that once Lindsay is undergoing treatment she will recognize that she does in fact have a problem — but given her history, it’s very doubtful.”
The saddest aspect of “Lindsay’s criminal history, is that it’s all traced back to her addiction issues. Everyone around Lindsay has tried to get her sober — her father Michael, three judges, two prosecutors, and two criminal defense attorneys. She is in absolute denial about her addiction issues and doesn’t want to get sober. It’s just not a lifestyle she wants,” the insider told us. /n