‘American Horror Story: Asylum’ Recap: 5 WTF Moments From ‘Tricks and Treats’/n





                    'AHS' Asylum Recap
                







Read 5 WTF moments from the Season2 premiere. 

 MORE >>










                    'AHS' Ratings Premiere High
                









 MORE >>





American Horror Story: Asylum is off to a wickedly good start. Forget the aliens and bloody-faced serial killer, it’s all about Satan!
Ryan Murphy and Co. treated fans to an exorcism this week, but unfortunately for Sister Jude (Jessica Lange), things don’t go exactly as planned. There’s an evil spirit on the loose, people! Or is it…?
But the gruesome exorcism — think: Regan MacNeil 2.0 — is just one of five WTF moments that stood out above the rest in this week’s cray cray episode of American Horror Story: Asylum.
Note: Spoilers if you haven’t watched Wednesday’s episode, “Tricks and Treats.”

1. Bye bye, Wendy! Whoa. Karma is a b****. OK, so maybe that’s a bit harsh considering how Wendy (Clea Duvall) wanted to recant her consent to send Lana (Sarah Paulson) to Briarcliff. But, I can’t say that Wendy didn’t (partially) deserve her fate as Bloody Face’s latest victim. Sorry Wendy, but “I’m a school teacher” won’t help you get out of this one.
And we finally got to see Bloody Face in action, which means there’s no possible way Kit (Evan Peters) could be the infamous serial killer. Unless, of course, there’s more than one — but Ryan Murphy did say Kit was the “hero of the show” this season, so that seems doubtful.
As for Wendy, I don’t think this is the last we’ll see of Clea Duvall. She’ll probably pop up in one of Lana’s dream — or worse, one of her post-electric shock therapy hallucinations. Oh, and we’ll definitely see part of her face on Bloody Face’s mask. TMI?
 

'american horror story: asylum' premieres in Los Angeles








































12 Photos »


2. Poor Adam Levine. Sorry Maroon 5 fans, but if you thought Levine would miraculously make it through the entire season, his interaction with Bloody Face says otherwise.
Unfortunately for Leo, his “horror freak” wife (Jenna Dewan -Tatum) not only got his arm sawed off, but she then lured the psycho killer back to him to finish the job. A couple of stabs to the chest and some internal bleeding later, and it looks like Leo is officially dunzo.
Although, once you die in Briarcliff, do you ever really leave the asylum? Or am I just being too optimistic for more #TeamAdam screen time?
3. Sister Jude has a dark past: She’s a murderer! I knew Sister Jude was hiding something, but I didn’t think the revelation would be this gruesome! Couldn’t she have been a sex addict like Monsignor Howard?
Thanks to the evil spirit’s sick mind games, Sister Jude’s past is revealed: She’s a former hooker — and singer! — who turned to religion after causing an accident that killed a little girl in a blue coat.
4. Wait, now we have to worry about Satan too. That exorcism was AWESOME. Well, maybe it’s more enjoyable if you’re a horror fan or an Exorcist enthusiast. Devon Graye does his best Regan MacNeil impression as a teenage boy who becomes possessed by Satan (Or is it just an evil spirit? Or perhaps, Ann Coulter? The jury is still out on that one).
However, the exorcism doesn’t quite go as planned. Monsignor Howard’s (Joseph Fiennes) handsome face can’t seem to exercise the devil — and neither can the fine presence of Zachary Quinto. When all else fails, they send in Sister Jude to seal the deal. Except, Satan has some not-so-nice things to say to Sister Jude.
Eventually, the poor Jed’s body gives out, and the evil spirit jumps out of him — and into Sister Mary Eunice (Lily Rabe)! Holy crap. I did not see that one coming! I cannot wait to see Sister Mary go from a lady of perpetual virginity to an unholy, foul-mouthed demon.
 

'American horror story: asylum' stills








































7 Photos »


5. Lana’s betrayal. Lana knows a way out of Briarcliff thanks to Sister Mary’s naivety. After some girl talk in the hydrobath, she’s willing to share her intel with Grace (Lizzie Brocheré). However, there’s one catch: Lana refuses to let Kit come with them.
Even when faced with a golden opportunity to escape the asylum (well-timed, Satan-induced power outage!), Lana decides to turn Kit and Grace in rather than escape with them. Sadly, that means 40 lashes for Kit — and some serious b**** face from Grace.
Now, I’m willing to forgive Lana because one, she just underwent electro shock therapy after being accused of “knowing too much” and, two, she honestly believes Kit is Bloody Face! And we all know when the news says something is true — it must be true.
Buzz Moments:
OMG!: Did anyone see Wendy’s death coming on the second episode?! But when will Lana find out? Or more importantly, how?
Awk-ward: Dr. Arden (James Cromwell) finally got what he deserved when his call girl — who happened to be a total Sister Jude lookalike! — went rogue and bit him in the arm. Sorry Dr. Arden, but you’ll have to take your sick fantasies elsewhere.
Hotness: Finally! Zachary Quinto is back on my TV screen, and I could not be happier. Now, how long do you think it will take before Dr. Oliver gets his first sex scene?
Fab-u-lous: Jessica Lange’s portrayal of Sister Jude is one of the most dynamic performances of this TV season. Watching Sister Jude recall the moment she struck and killed an innocent girl sent shivers down my spine — she’s just so good. I would not be surprised if by this time next year, she has another Emmy to add to her collection. And Sister Jude, red is most certainly your color.
Can. Not. Wait.: To find out more about Bloody Face! We know it’s not Kit, so who could it be? And why is he still around in 2012 terrorizing Teresa and Leo?! On the other hand, now that Sister Mary Eunice is possessed by Satan, does that mean she’s going to get down and dirty with Dr. Arden? Gross.
Celebuzz Meter (1-10): 9 — I’m completely hooked! Are you?
American Horror Story: Asylum airs Wednesdays at 10 PM  on FX.
Watch all of our interviews from the American Horror Story: Asylum premiere below.
Celebuzz In Line Playlist Player (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player.
(Do not add Videos to this Player)


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n