Celebuzz Goes to the Movies: He Said/She Said ‘Footloose’ Review/n





                    'Footloose' Premiere
                







Pics from the star-studded L.A. premiere.

 MORE >>










                    Fall Movie Preview
                







Your guide to autumn flicks!

 MORE >>





 With the highly anticipated premiere of Footloose today, the Celebuzz staff wanted to share a review of the movie for all those wondering if they should plunk down their hard-earned money for tickets tonight.
Just for fun, we’re giving two sides of the story — a he said/she said review of the film! Special thanks to Paramount for getting the us into a special screening to check out the action!
We’ll break down the movie scene by scene (with minimal spoilers) to give you our thoughts on the remake of this ’80s classic. 
OPENING SEQUENCE
Amanda says: If hearing the first few bars of the classic “Footloose” song and seeing the iconic “dancing feet” close ups don’t get you dancing in your chair, there might be something wrong with you. What starts off as a fun, lively dance party quickly turns tragic and the impact the scene has on the viewer definitely stays with you throughout the film. I’d say that showing viewers the fatal scene definitely was the right move on director Craig Brewer’s part.
Wes says: OMG! Sadness! I had emotions and everything watching this play out. This opening sequence is the perfect homage to the classic film while immediately giving the remake a fresh new twist. We never actually saw firsthand what happened that fateful night in the original version, so it makes a great addition to the story — dramatic, bold and serving up teen drunk driving realness (seriously kids, assign a DD). It sets the tone for the rest of the movie and actually makes the whole “town that outlaws dancing” thing much more believable.


'Footloose' Stars Hit up Los Angeles Premiere








































12 Photos »


FAVORITE PART
Amanda says: Hands down the best scene of the film is the when Ren teaches Willard to dance. First of all, who doesn’t love a good montage? Then throw in two cute guys dancing to what is arguably one of the greatest song of the 80’s, “Let’s Hear it for the Boy”? Sold!
Wes says: I also enjoyed Willard’s learning to dance montage — and the character of Willard in general — but the best part for me was the secret dance party in the parking lot. Being “bad” for these kids is busting a move, which is amusing and sort of simple and totally endearing. Rebels got rhythm! Julianne Hough is so hot she practically sets fire to the screen, and Kenny Wormald only adds fuel to the fire. In any other circumstance, it might have come off as a cheesy Step Up type riff, but because these kids are so repressed it makes perfect sense that they’d find someplace to  get their groove on. It didn’t feel forced whatsoever, and actually advanced the storyline between the main characters. A perfect scene!


Julianne Hough's Best Bikini Looks!








































30 Photos »


THE MUSIC
Amanda says: Considering Kenny Loggins’ OG “Footloose” has never lost it’s charm for me, I have a special place in my heart for the film’s soundtrack. Blake Shelton most certainly does the classic ’80s hit justice, and I may or may not have developed a minor crush on him after watching the song’s video. Also, just the mention of Victoria Justice and Hunter Hayes’ “Almost Paradise,” gets that song stuck in my head for hours. “Almost paradiseeee, we’re knocking on heaven’s dooooor…”
Wes says: Initially, I was disappointed to hear they were changing up the music, as the original soundtrack was one of the first cassette tapes I owned as a kid (I’m old, okay?). After seeing the movie, it made perfect sense. It would have seemed too retro to reuse the original songs. Duh, me! My favorite track is the slowed down version of “Holding Out for a Hero,” because that song is totally boss.


'Footloose' Cast Stills


































5 Photos »


OVERALL GRADE
Amanda says: While some of the more dramatic scenes might seem like they’re trying a bit too hard, don’t let that ruin your Footloose fun. This is a charming film that will make you want to dust off those dancing shoes, throw on your finest maroon tuxedo jacket and dance in an abandoned warehouse. In the words of Ren McCormack: “LET’S DANCE!”
Wes says: I’d press the “like” button. The story is touching, the cast is good looking, the dancing is a huge step up from the original and there’s a great deal of comedy mixed in with an empowering message about standing up for what you believe in.
/n