Aaron Carter Is Arrested For Alleged DUI And Drug Possession/n
Singer Aaron Carter and his girlfriend Madison Parker were reportedly arrested Saturday night in Habersham County, Georgia.
According to CNN, Carter was pulled over about 9 p.m. and charged with driving under the influence, possession of less than once ounce of marijuana and possession of drug-related objects.
PHOTOS: Blood, Guts & Gore! The Top 20 Bloodiest Crime Scene Photos Revealed
Police told ABC News that Carter’s girlfriend Parker was in the car with him and was also arrested. The cops said Parker was charged with possession of marijuana, obstruction of law enforcement officers and possession of drug-related objects.
According to another report, Carter refused to undergo a breathalyzer and drug test to determine whether he was driving under the influence.
Carter, a solo artist who is the brother of Backstreet Boy Nick Carter, was recently hospitalized after he claimed he was body-shamed by fans, as Radar has reported. Many thought the “Aaron’s Party” singer was far too skinny.
After performing in concert then, the pop star told fans via Twitter “Lots of shows lately had to head up to the ER just to get a little check up,” sharing photos of himself in a wheelchair and a hospital bed.
“I’ll recover,” he wrote before promising to “work on getting bigger physically.”
PHOTOS: Sicko Stars! The Most Horrifying Crimes By Hollywood Celebrities
The shocking hospital visit came after Carter had gone on a Twitter rant about haters of his slender body.
On May 16, Carter’s dad Bob died, five years after Aaron’s sister Leslie Carter died  of a drug overdose at age 25.
PHOTOS: Killer Moms! 15 Cold-Blooded Women Who Murdered Their Own Kids
In 2011, Carter, who has appeared on Dancing with the Stars, checked into rehab for “emotional and spiritual issues” his spokesman said.
Before his arrest on Saturday night, Carter tweeted that he would not be able to make a concert that night in Kansas City due to “transportation issues.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n