Top Model: Celia Says Age Can't Hold Her Back Even though Tyra Banks said see ya to Celia Ammerman last night on America's Next Top Model because she thought she was too old to make it to the top, age doesn't seem to be hinder.../n
Even though Tyra Banks said see ya to Celia Ammerman last night on America's Next Top Model because she thought she was too old to make it to the top, age doesn't seem to be hindering the 25-year-old Kentucky gal one bit. "It doesn't seem to be hurting me at the moment. There is life after ANTM if you're older than 25," Celia says.She's right about that. Celia was late phoning us today because she was wrapping up her photo shoot for the New York Post. Check this Sunday's Style section for her Post debut.So how did she feel about Tyra telling her to go into fashion or styling instead of modeling?

"[That] is really sweet, and I would love to do those things as well," Celia says, "but modeling is definitely something that I'm so passionate about and will continue to pursue as long as I possibly can. It's like having a two-headed baby. I love them both the same. If I do either one I'll be happy."Still, Celia knew how the game was played and wasn't offended by Tyra straight up telling her not to model. "I understand it's a show, so I understand there needed to be a reason that I needed to be eliminated. But I couldn't be offended by that because there's nothing I could do about it. I hate to say it, [but] they knew the entire time how old I was, and they knew how I photographed. With an industry obsessed with age, I felt like this was an opportunity for Tyra to say that age doesn't matter as long as you photograph well and present yourself and have all the facets of modeling. Age shouldn't matter."Celia did, however, feel there was someone else behind her elimination. "I feel like Ann Shoket had a definite say in who she wanted to be representing Seventeen magazine, and I was not one of them. And Paulina [Porizkova] as well. I really actually like Paulina, but I think near the end, she couldn't see me winning it."Are you surprised Celia was sent packing last night, or was it long past her time? How about Celia's accusations about Ann Shoket being ageist? Hit the comments with your thoughts.
/n