Nicholas Brendon Strangles Woman, Slices Wrists With Glass, Police Report Claims/n
Buffy The Vampire Slayer star Nicholas Brendon just can’t stop getting himself into trouble, and this may be his worst incident yet.
Brendon, 46, was arrested for domestic abuse on October 18, 2016, his fifth arrest in three years, in a shocking police report exclusively obtained by Radaronline.com.
Police arrived to a El Segundo, California apartment for a domestic violence call at 10 PM.
“Upon arrival police say Brendon was not at the scene, but that the apartment was ‘in disarray,'” the responding officer claimed in the report.
READ THE SHOCKING POLICE REPORT
According to the victim, an argument “escalated,” and Brendon “grabbed [the] victim by the neck with both his hands and pushed her backwards into the bathroom wall,” the report alleged. “Brendon pushed her so hard the back of her head slammed into the wall.”
PHOTOS: Fights, Drugs & Shocking Splits! Secrets Of The ‘Teen Mom OG’ Reunion Uncovered
Brendon allegedly let the woman go and proceeded to the living room, where she claimed to ask if they could go to bed. But Brendon apparently “became enraged again.”
The actor “began smashing wine bottles and glassware in the kitchen,” the report claimed. “Brendon took a piece of broken glass and began trying to cut his wrists with it.”
Then, Brendon “walked over to the victim and grabbed her firmly on her biceps with each of his hands. He then threw the victim on the sofa,” the officer alleged.
During the fall, the woman “struck the back of her legs on something” and Brendon allegedly resumed “smashing more items inside the apartment.”
PHOTOS: Child Abuse? Nathan Threatens Jenelle Over Bruises On Kaiser!
“While Brendon was smashing the items, the victim grabbed her phone and ran out of the apartment,” where she then proceeded to call police, cops claimed.
Upon police arrival, they observed several bruises on the victims body, though she denied medical assistance. The woman requested an Emergency Protective Order (EPO) which was granted immediately by Judge Brazil of El Segundo.
Brendon was found half-naked in the bushes west of the apartment, and then apprehended around 1:30 AM.
Police observed several injuries on Brendon, including scratches on his wrist.
PHOTOS: Scientology ‘Concentration Camps’: FBI Files Expose 15 Hellish Claims Against Church
He was later released, and no charges were filed. The case was ultimately dismissed.
The actor, who played Xander on the popular show from 1997 to 2003, was also arrested three times in 2015, and once in 2014, as Radar previously reported.
Brendon has openly admitted to struggling with alcohol, and has sought treatment in the past.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n