Defense Lawyer Arrested After Trying To Bribe Rape Victim — Then Using Donald Trump To Threaten Her!/n

A Baltimore defense attorney is now facing charges of his own after allegedly trying to prevent a rape victim from testifying against his client by bribery — and threats of deportation!
City and state officials say that Christos Vasiliades is accused of offering a rape victim $3,000, while his accomplice allegedly cited the Trump administration's stance on immigration reform to discourage her from showing up to court.
Vasiliades, who was arrested at a Baltimore courthouse Tuesday afternoon, reportedly had conversations with his interpreter Edgar Ivan Rodriguez and the victim's husband on April 11 to discuss the case.
Related: Jenelle Evans 'Happy But Devastated' About New Custody Agreement
According to the indictment by the Maryland Attorney General's office, Vasiliades and Rodriguez told the victim's husband that Immigrations and Customs Enforcement would "likely be present in the courtroom," and said "there is a high risk" the victim could be deported if they came to court.
The defense lawyer allegedly said his client was "very sorry and could offer compensation" if the victim did not testify. Vasiliades' client has been charged with  second-degree rape.
The victim's husband met with Vasiliades and Rodriguez again on May 18 at a Baltimore office building, where the lawyer reportedly had everyone leave their cellphones in the lobby. There, Vasiliades allegedly said the defendant was willing to pay $3,000 if the victim did not show up in court — forcing prosecutors to have the case "thrown out."
What the attorney didn't know, however, was that the husband was cooperating with the Attorney General's office in an investigation — and was wearing a recording device!
Related: Little Girl In Viral Sea Lion Attack Treated For Rare Disease
Vasiliades and Rodriguez were recorded telling the husband that ICE was "looking at this case," and argued that the victim could also face consequences if Immigration took the defendant into custody.
The translator is accused of saying:

"You know how things are with Trump's laws now. Someone goes to court, and boom, they get taken away."
Even worse, the lawyer then suggested the husband handle things the Greek way and "go fuck him up," saying:

"If we were back home where I'm from, from Greece, we would go fuck him up, that's it, if you want to do that, that's fine."
Now that's some killer legal advice.
Vasiliades and Rodriguez face a dozen obstruction of justice and witness intimidation charges for allegedly conspiring to intimidate a victim and witness.
Both defendants appeared in court on Wednesday and were released under pretrial supervision. They could face over 200 years in prison.
[Image via FOX.]
/n