Kendall Jenner ‘Betrays’ Momager Kris — Inside Their Secret War/n
Keeping up with the Kardashians supermodel  Kendall Jenner, clearly does not want to follow in the footsteps of her cookie-cutter sisters! RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned that the 19-year-old is at war with momager Kris over her decision to launch her own makeup line, Estee Edit by Estee Lauder  collection at Sephora.
PHOTOS: Destroyed By Mom! How Greedy Kris Jenner Tore Apart The Kardashian Family, One-By-One – In 16 Clicks
Although Kendall was mobbed by fans earlier this week in NYC at a launch event, NOT ONE of her family members came by to support her!
But it did not seem to faze Kendall at all. Indeed, she has increasingly set herself apart from her family in recent months as she continues to dominate the modeling and fashion industry. She dropped her last name professionally back in August 2014, and now this is just the latest way she’s cutting her mother out.
“Kendall got her Estee Launder line on her own,” the insider told Radar. “She wanted to do her own thing and she did not want to share any of the profit with her mom.”
Needless to say, this did not sit well with the 60-year-old matriarch, who has managed Kendall and the rest of her kids’ careers since day one.
PHOTOS: Stabbed In The Back! Kim ‘Devastated’ Over Kendall & Kylie’s Video Game Launch
“Kris is really pi**ed off at Kendall because she did not include her in this and she went off on her own. She feels completely betrayed by her own daughter,” the source claimed.
But there is more to the story, as the source told Radar that Kendall’s motivations for doing this were not only interpreted as a dig at Kris, but also tweaked her younger fame-hungry sister, Kylie Jenner as well!
“Kylie’s lipstick company has been a huge money-maker for Kris, and she was hoping that Kendall would join in on her sister’s gig,” said the source. “But it’s clear now that Kendall wants no part of it.”
UPDATE: 
A rep for the makeup company told Radar, “The Estee Edit is, in fact, not Kendall Jenner’s makeup line. She is just one of the Guest Editors of the new Estee Edit, and it is by no means her own makeup line.  She, along with social media sensation Irene Kim, are the guest editors and inspiration for the line.” /n