Amanda Knox Says She Was Pursued By A Lesbian Inmate/n

Amanda Knox is returning to the spotlight, and she's revealing intimate details about her much-publicized past.
In case you aren't familiar, the Seattle-native was famously convicted of murdering her roommate Meredith Kercher while studying abroad in Italy. She was later exonerated in 2015.
Recently, the controversial figure wrote an essay for Vice about an experience she had while imprisoned, and boy, it is JUICY!
Related: Amanda Knox Caught Enjoying Her Freedom In NYC! 
In the piece titled "What Romance in Prison Actually Looks Like", the 29-year-old says a lesbian inmate tried to seduce her in jail. Knox says the encounter happened three years into her prison sentence: 

"Between 2007 and 2011, I was imprisoned for a murder I didn't commit… By the time Leny entered the picture, I had already served three of those years. I didn't talk to her. I didn't talk to most people. Generally, I kept to myself."

"Leny" is a pseudonym given to the subject for reasons of anonymity. 
The University of Washington alum says they bonded over an experience Knox had in high school where people misjudged her sexuality.

"When I was 14, a rumor went around my Catholic high school that I was a lesbian, alienating me from everyone but a small group of my classmates… Later, I became an LGBTQ ally and helped found the Gay-Straight Alliance at my high school."

At first, Leny wanted to hold hands telling Amanda, "I've changed women before." But when the inmate tried to kiss her, Knox was forced to end their friendship.

"I gritted my teeth and half-smiled, wavering between embarrassment and anger… It was bad enough that the prison institution took ownership of my body―that I was caged and strip-searched on a regular basis and had already been sexually harassed by male guards. As a prisoner, Leny should have understood that, but unlike me, Leny was serving a short stint, and didn't feel as acutely as I did the loss of privacy, dignity, and autonomy. A small town drug dealer, Leny didn't know what it felt like to have her past, present, and future stolen―not like I did."

The reason Amanda is sharing such a personal story is to analyze society's obsession with same-sex prison relationships. 

"We're intrigued by the idea of prison relationships, in part because we're morbidly curious about anything to do with transgressors and criminals, but also because their relationships are titillating and a little mysterious. Like a teenage girl's sleepover, we wonder what's going on behind closed doors (or locked bars)."

Even after the trial, Amanda Knox's story continues to enthrall the public. 
[Image via WENN.]
/n