Low Blow! Jennifer Gets Revenge On Ben With A Move That Has Him 'Livid'/n
RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal that Ben Affleck is “absolutely furious” at his wife Jennifer Garner for betraying him in her recent tell-all interview.
“The Vanity Fair interview sent him and his team over the edge,” an insider said. “He feels like she completely attacked him and can’t believe she confirmed the nanny affair story.”
As Radar reported, Garner spilled marriage secrets to the publication about her husband’s relationship with their children’s nanny, Christine Ouzounian.
PHOTOS; The Way They Were — Look Back At Divorcing Jennifer Garner & Ben Affleck’s Happier Times
“Bad judgment? Yes. It’s not great for your kids for [a nanny] to disappear from their lives,” said Garner, who insisted the woman wasn’t ultimately responsible for the end of her marriage to Affleck.
Affleck is upset that now their children, Violet, Sam and Seraphina, “will eventually read the interview,” said the insider of Garner’s confession. “It was a passive aggressive move. She basically confirmed he slept with the nanny and he’s a d**k, but she still loves him.”
Too bad the feeling definitely is no longer mutual.
PHOTOS; Ben Affleck’s Dating The Nanny? 5 Facts About Stunning Christine Ouzounian
“He is furious, but can’t do anything until after his movies come out,” said the insider. Affleck’s films Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice and Live by Night will both be out this year.
According to the insider, Affleck and Garner had been orchestrating and pulling off the perfect “conscious uncoupling” publicity stunt that would have left Affleck’s reputation intact.
“His people are just so mad,” noted the insider. “Everyone in his circle is on the outs with Jen now, too.”
PHOTOS: Dumped! Ben Affleck Nanny Christine Ouzounian Reveals He ‘Broke Up With’ Her After Cheating Scandal Went Public
“They felt they dodged a bullet for his career by him going along with the co-parenting and family vacations,” explained the insider.
Added the insider, “Jen has completely undermined their unity and betrayed his trust in order to be portrayed as the scorned victim.“ /n