Erika Girardi Sobs Over Intense Fears For Her Cop Son’s Safety/n
Another vacation dinner for the books! This one caused Erika Girardi to break down in front of the other women after two days of feuding with Dorit Kemsley and an “insensitive” comment from Eileen Davidson.
The queen of cool just couldn’t keep her emotions capped any longer. First, Erika went after season nemesis Dorit for #Pantygate and how it really made her feel.
The singer said to Dorit, “I’m going to keep a safe distance from you because you took something that is innocent on my behalf and you turned it into this whole, ‘Oh she’s doing it on purpose. Oh she’s doing it for my husband’s attention.’
PHOTOS: It’s War! Inside Erika Girardi & Dorit Kemsley’s Nasty ‘RHOBH’ Feud
Erika admitted the gossip and ill intent really wounded her — “Being embarrassed like that is not fun and being talked about like that is not fun.”
But what really threw her was the fact that the rumors were had spread and Erika was embarrassed over what her lawyer husband, Tom Girardi, may hear.
“I’m going to have to explain this to Tom because it’s going to get around,” Erika explained. “Something that was innocent was taken and made into something that was not.”
PHOTOS: Mean Girls At War! ‘RHOBH’ Cast Gangs Up On Newcomer Eden Sassoon
Dorit half-heartedly offered an apology across the dinner table but Erika would rather she and her husband PK apologized to Tom.
Then, in a bizarre twist of events Eileen got involved and tried to diffuse the situation with the comment to put perspective on the conversation: “She didn’t kill your child.”
“Hey, Eileen, let’s not do that,” warned Erika. “And don’t ever bring up killing my child again because my child could get killed.”
PHOTOS: 9021-OMG! ‘RHOBH’ Cast Feud Explodes
The soap star defended herself, “I didn’t mean it that way, Erika.”
“Don’t ever bring up my kid again,” she sobbed. “Your kid doesn’t put on a uniform every night and put his life out on the line for people he doesn’t know.”
Meanwhile, Lisa Rinna could not let a moment pass without interjecting with her own drama.
PHOTOS: Hot, Hot, Hot! ‘RHOBH’ Newbie Dorit Kemsley Shows Off Post Baby Bod In Skimpy Bikini
After Erika calmed down, she turned to Dorit and asked if people were doing coke in her bathroom after her dinner party in the beginning of the season.
The table of women gasped, Dorit adamantly denied the claim, and the conversation is to be continued.
The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills airs Tuesdays at 9pm ET on Bravo. /n