Miley Cyrus Is Hippie Chic in Woody Allen's New Amazon Series Crisis in Six Scenes Very little is known about Woody Allen's upcoming Amazon comedy Crisis in Six Scenes—nor star Miley Cyrus' involvement in it—but the first phot.../n
Very little is known about Woody Allen's upcoming Amazon comedy Crisis in Six Scenes—nor star Miley Cyrus' involvement in it—but the first photos of the erstwhile Hannah Montana in character have been released by the streaming service and one thing is very clear: She's going full flower power.Between her long, wavy blonde locks (which are giving us some major flashbacks to the Cyrus of yore) and her colorful crocheted poncho, it looks as though Cyrus' recent real-world love of hippie culture just might have been the perfect resource for her work in the new show.While we still know very little about Crisis in Six Scenes, Amazon has finally released an overarching description of the comedy. The six half-hour episodes, created, written, and directed by Allen, take place in the 1960's during turbulent times in the United States, when a middle class suburban family is visited by a guest who turns their household completely upside down. The series also stars Allen, Elaine May, Rachel Brosnahan and John Magaro, and Joy Behar

When Crisis in Six Scenes was first announced by Amazon, Allen released a typically wry, self-deprecating statement about the then-untitled and unformed series. "I don't know how I got into this. I have no ideas and I'm not sure where to begin," Allen he said. "My guess is that [vice president of Amazon Studios] Roy Price will regret this."This fall marks something of a small-screen resurgence for Cyrus. Not only will all six episodes of the comedy drop at the end of next month, but the pop star has also joined The Voice full-time as a new coach for season 11. Fans got a taste of what she and fellow newbie coach Alicia Keys bring to the singing competition when a preview of the new season aired following the closing ceremonies at the Rio Olympics. The new season begins in earnest on Monday, Sept. 19.Are you looking forward to Miley Cyrus in the '60s? Let us know in the comments below.Crisis in Six Scenes debuts on Friday, Sept. 30 on Amazon Prime Video.
/n