O.J. Simpson Has A 'Strong Chance' Of Getting Out Of Prison, Ex Jail Guard Claims/n
Known criminal O.J. Simpson will likely be granted parole after serving 9 years in prison for committing armed robbery, according to a former prison guard, RadarOnline.com can report.
Craig Arnett, who worked as a guard during Simpson’s first three years behind bars, claimed that the ex football player was a model prisoner.
“He’s still an inmate, but he definitely wasn’t a problem child like some of the other ones were,” he claimed.
PHOTOS: TV Show Of The Century? It’s Selma Blair As Kris Jenner, David Schwimmer As Robert Kardashian & More On Set For ‘American Crime Story: The People V. OJ Simpson’
When asked – in an interview by ABC News – if he thought Simpson would be getting released in his upcoming trial, he said: “I think he has a strong chance of getting out. I think he hasn’t really been a problem in prison.”
As Radar can report, the famous criminal has been locked up at Lovelock Correctional Center in Nevada for only nine out of the 33 years of which we was sentenced. The parole hearing, which we be aired tomorrow at 1p.m EST, will determine whether controversial Simpson will ever roam free again.
The last time Simpson was seen on camera was four years ago, in his last parole hearing, during which the criminal said: “I didn’t know I was doing anything illegal, so I’m sorry. I’m sorry for all of it.”
PHOTOS: Cuba Gooding Channels O.J. Simpson On ‘American Crime Story’ Set In L.A. –– 10 New Shocking Shots From Filming
Arnett, who has spoken in defense of Simpson stated: “Anytime I’ve ever talked to him, he was respectful. It was ‘yes sir, no sir,'” Arnett added. “I treated him the way he treated me. We always had a good working relationship. He got a job in the gym as a gym porter, laid low, kept quiet and that’s pretty much all he did.”
“A lot of guys looked up to him,” Arnett added of the 70-year-old former movie star.
One of the two victims of Simpson’s infamous armed robbery, Bruce Fromong, will also be speaking on his attacker’s behalf at the upcoming parole hearing this Thursday.
PHOTOS: Twisted Love: O.J. Simpson’s Ex Is A Homeless Meth-Head Hooker!
11 factors are to be considered by the parole board before Simpson is released, one of which is the risk that he could cause to society if set free. Four out of six parole members must agree on his release.
Stay with RadarOnline.com for the latest news on the O.J. Simpson case.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n