 Warren Beatty & Annette Bening's Transgender Son Speaks Out: 'I Identify As A Queer'.../n
By Amber Goodhand – Radar News Editor
Warren Beatty and Annette Bening‘s transgender son recorded a piece for WeHappyTrans recently and RadarOnline.com is giving you a look into his candid and uncensored answers.
Born Kathlyn Elizabeth Beatty, it was revealed in 2010 that their daughter was actually a trans man going by the name of Stephen Ira Beatty who one day intends to have a sex change.
PHOTOS: Celebs Who Have ‘Come Out’
“My name is Stephen. I identify as a trans man, a f*ggy queen, a homosexual, a queer, a nerd fighter, a writer, an artist and a guy who needs a haircut,” Stephen says in the clip.
Stephen, 20, answered the question of who has been most supportive of his transition, but doesn’t mention his parents or family at all.
PHOTOS: Gay Pride Celebrated In Hollywood
“My friends, my peers, who I’m lucky to have relationships with a lot of ever since high school which is when I came out and transitioned socially when I was 14 or so,” he said.
“It’s nice to finally be able to have my identity be legible to people and I really am enjoying and appreciating that.”
PHOTOS: Hollywood’s Gay & Bisexual Community
Stephen — who once slammed fellow transgender advocate Chaz Bono — elaborated on his biggest passions in life.
“I would like people to be more intentional with their actions and with their language and to realize that words mean things. I would like us to imagine more complexly,” he said.
PHOTOS: The Sexiest Bisexuals In Hollywood
“I would like people to understand that other people are people in the same way that they are people!”
Stephen gives a unique take on everything and jokes, “I am going to have babies! And give them onsies with ‘This Is What A Transfeminist Looks Like’ on them!”
PHOTOS:  Rainbows & Spandex At The 11th Annual AIDS Ride
Interestingly, Stephen said he taught high school English to freshman and sophomores during his senior year and would like to teach again at some point in his life. 
“You may have noticed I tend to be a little young to be doing the things I do,” he said. “I’m sorry about that, there’s nothing I can do but let time pass.”
PHOTOS: Chastity Becomes Chaz Bono — A Look Back Through The Years
To hear who has changed Stephen’s life, who he looks up to in the community and who his role models are, be sure to watch the entire video.

RELATED STORIES:
GLAAD, Josh Hutcherson & Ricky Martin Unite In Outrage As Scouts Uphold Gay Ban
Elton John: Why I Waited To Come Out
Angelina Jolie ‘Mortified’ By Anti-Gay Comments By Brad Pitt’s Mother
Brad Pitt’s Mother Receives Death Threats For Gay Marriage, Obama Comments /n