Giveaway Alert: Win the Teen Choice 2016 Gift Bag, Worth Over $1,000/n





                    Teen Choice Awards 2015: Red Carpet Arrivals and Winners List
                







Surfboard!

 MORE >>





You too can be a star! 
Win the same bag John Cena, Victoria Justice, Keegan Michael Key, Anthony Anderson and more received at Teen Choice 2016. Be sure to tune in for the show Sunday 7/31 at 8/7c on FOX!
How to Enter
1) Leave a comment on this post telling us which TV show or movie you think was the best written this past year!
2) Feel free to leave multiple comments!
3) When leaving your comment(s), make sure you are logged in using a valid email address! We will contact the winner via email next week.
4) You must live in the continental United States and be 18-years-old or older to enter. You have until midnight PST Sunday, July 31, 2016.
This prize includes:



ACTON Blink Board – ACTON Blink Lite was delicately engineered to be the lightest electric skateboard available in the market, weighing in at a sheer 7.7 lbs. From cruising down boardwalks to skating a few blocks to the corner store, Blink Lite is the most satisfying and fashionable way to get around. No skateboard is included in this prize. Winner will receive a t-shirt.
Anki OVERDRIVE – Featuring tech so advanced that it feels like the future, Anki OVERDRIVE is the world’s most intelligent battle racing game where you use your mobile device to take control of robotic Supercars on tracks you construct in seconds. Whether you battle A.I. opponents or friends, your tactical options are unlimited as you customize weapons, swap out cars, and build new battlefields; there’s always a reason to come back for more!
HaulsTV – HaulsTV: What’s Hot, What’s New, What’s Next and get it. The 1st social shopping experience.
HaulsTV will be distributing round towels by Pixels – Pixels has revolutionized the way that artwork, home décor and apparel are bought and sold around the world. With a few clicks, artists and photographers can upload their images to Pixels, set their prices for all of our available products and instantly sell to a global audience of online buyers.
Healthy Craft Services – Serving organic, plant-based snacks, drinks, and superfoods out of a Tiny House on Wheels. Available for productions and events.
JCPenney – For men, an Xersion Lightweight Full-Zip Tricot Jacket with stylish sleeve piping, available in an array of colors. For women, an Arizona Women’s Twill Anorak Jacket with a drawstring at the waist to give a lean silhouette, available in an array of colors and junior plus sizing. Winner will receive one jacket.
Lipault – 30” wheeled duffle. Lightweight and foldable, the Lipault wheeled duffle folds flat for easy storage.
Marchon- Designer eyewear by Marchon.
MCFADIN – Handbags, luggage & accessories handmade in Texas by two sisters, Stacy & Laurie McFadin. Winner will receive a purse.
Merge VR Goggles – The Merge VR Goggles are a vessel that will transport you into another world. Slide in your smartphone and let the Merge VR Goggles take you anywhere via virtual reality.
Segway miniPRO – The Segway miniPRO is not a hoverboard — it’s the next step in the evolution of personal transportation. Powered by Ninebot & Segway technology, the miniPRO is a hands-free, two-wheel electric scooter with safer features, higher speeds and longer battery life. A Segway miniPRO is not included in this prize. Winner will receive a t-shirt.
ThinkGeek Star Wars R2-D2 Bluetooth Speakerphone – This R2-D2 Bluetooth speaker allows for hands-free calls or playing music. It even plays movie sound clips when the device is switched on, when pairing is completed, and when turned off.



Also included:



Abella Skin Care, Inc – ColorShade SPF 35 is the perfect combination of broad spectrum sunscreen, color and moisture available in 4 different tints to accommodate any skin type.
Hasbro – Standing nine inches tall, these DREAMWORKS TROLLS dolls feature fluffy, fabulous TROLLS hair and removable outfits for oodles of hairstyling and high fashion fun! Collect six characters including POPPY, BRANCH, HARPER, GUY DIAMOND, MADDY, and DJ, each sold separately.
Hempz – NEW! Hempz Daily Herbal Body Moisturizer and Dry Oil Body Spray with Broad Spectrum SPF 30 are lightly scented, weightless daily moisturizers that help hydrate, protect and improve skin’s overall health and appearance. Enriched with 100% Pure Natural Hemp Seed Oil and our Signature Citrus Fruit Complex, these perfectly-balanced formulas not only moisturize the skin, but also help protect against the effects of daily elements and sun exposure.
Iceland Glacial – Natural spring water from Iceland.
Kathryn Orford’s Become your #1 Fan: How to Silence your Inner Critic and Live the Life of your Dreams – Finally after all the buzz on “The Law of Attraction”, Kathryn Orford gives us the missing link; the real “secret” to manifesting all of our dreams. This book is a game changer – Dr. Sugar Singleton Marcy, Cellular Memory Expert, Author and International Speaker
Red Coat PR – Featuring best-selling Young Adult authors in multiple genres including; romance, fantasy, steam punk, paranormal and horror. Available in print and at all major e-book platforms.
Thera Cane MAX Trigger Point Massager – Treat yourself to deep relief from painful, knotted, spasmed muscles. This amazingly simple yet effective self-massager makes it easy to apply pain-relieving deep compression directly to hard, knotted “trigger points” anywhere they occur – breaking up tension even in the hardest-to-reach muscles between your shoulder blades!
The Zeitgeist – The Zeitgeist is a contemporary brand that celebrates everything of the now. The first line of graphic tees includes exercise, humor, and definition collections.



Items in photo subject to change based on availability — some colors and styles may vary. Courtesy of Backstage Creations. www.backstagecreations.com


2014 Teen Choice Awards Arrivals








































69 Photos »


/n