Dirty Rotten Scoundrels Actress Glenne Headly Dies at 63
/n

Glenne Headly, the Emmy-nominated actress best known her role in Dirty Rotten Scoundrels, has died.
The actress died late Thursday night. She was 63.
“It is with deep sorrow that we confirm the passing of Glenne Headly,” her reps told PEOPLE in a statement. “We ask that her family’s privacy be respected in this difficult time.”
A cause of death has not yet been reported.


Our household mourns the sudden loss of beloved friend, actress, and comic genius, Glenne Headly.
— Steve Martin (@SteveMartinToGo) June 9, 2017

Headly was in production on the Hulu series Future Man at the time of her death.
“We are shocked and deeply saddened by this terrible news. Glenne was a tremendous talent, and an even more extraordinary person. Our hearts go out to her family and loved ones,” a Hulu spokesperson said in a statement.
She got her start in acting on the stage, starring alongside Susan Sarandon in Extremities and later Kevin Kline and Raul Julia in Arms & The Man. Headly went on to land several notable TV and movie roles and received and Emmy nomination for Lonesome Dove in 1989.
Raygun Prods/Qwerty/Kobal/REX/Shutterstock
She later costarred with Michael Caine and Steve Martin in Dirty Rotten Scoundrels and Warren Beatty in Dick Tracy.





 I only knew the talented, empathetic, loving, beautiful Glenne Headly for a short time. She was powerful and strong and hilarious. Her eyes brought to life so many amazing characters over the years and her love brought to life a beautiful family. I'm gonna miss her presence, her smile, and the way she made me feel like her son before, between, and after they called action and cut. Grab onto those who make you feel loved. My heart is broken today and I can only imagine what those closest to her are going through. My broken heart goes out to all of you as well. This is a photo of my home. Kentucky. I love my family and friends so much. I hope you all feel it. With lead hearts we are going to celebrate the irreplaceable Glenne Headly. LOVE.
A post shared by Josh Hutcherson (@jhutch1992) on Jun 9, 2017 at 9:12am PDT


More recently, Headly starred in HBO’s Night Of and the hit comedy Parks and Recreation.
She is survived by her husband Byron McCulloch and son Stirling.
/n