Amy Poehler & Will Arnett Focused On Kids Following Surprising Split/n
By Jon Boon – Radar Reporter
Amy Poehler and Will Arnett’s number one concern following their surprising separation is their two kids, Archie and Abel, RadarOnline is exclusively reporting.
The pair, who announced their split last week, is determined to make sure their divorce goes through in a timely fashion and without any drama.
They don’t want to fight over money or child support, because they don’t want their kids brought up in a hostile environment.
PHOTOS: Amy Poehler Is Honored At Power Of Comedy Bash
“Despite things not working out between Amy and Will, they are determined to be great parents to Archie and Abel,” a source reveals.
“The romance between them may have died, but they are still very good friends and together they will make sure the kids don’t suffer in the break-up.
“Amy and Will won’t fight over custody or money; everything will be just how it was when they came into their marriage nine years ago.
PHOTOS:   Hollywood’s  Dirtiest Divorces
“When they have to, at school plays and parent/teacher conferences, they will both be present and will play nice.
“They realize the kids will have difficulty adapting at first, but feel over time it’ll all work out.
“It’s essential Archie and Abel are brought up in a loving environment, without any tension between their parents and that’s exactly what Amy and Will plan to do,” the source says.
PHOTOS: Amy Poehler Goes Ringless Following Break From Will Arnett
As RadarOnline.com previously reported, Amy, 40, resurfaced on Sunday, without her wedding ring, for the first time since her break-up from Will, 42.
Walking through LAX, seemingly without a care in the world, a fresh-faced Poehler smiled for the cameras wearing thick-rimmed black glasses, a dark blue shirt, blazer and jeans, matched with a pair of headphones.
The comedic pair confirmed they were filling for divorce after their romance “fizzled out”.
PHOTOS: Celebrity Break-Ups
“Will and Amy started to feel more like best friends than a married couple and sadly they lost their spark,” a source previously revealed.
“They drifted apart, like a lot of couples do, but there’s no malice in the split, nor was anyone else involved.
“The two still love each other very dearly – and everything is completely amicable – but the romance died and neither one of them was happy, so something had to be done.
PHOTOS:   The Costliest Celebrity Divorces
“Everyone used to think that because Amy and Will are both comedians their relationship was all fun. However, the laughter stopped a long time ago and now they just want to move on with their lives.”
 
RELATED STORIES:
Katy Perry Embarrassed About Falling For John Mayer
On The Rocks! Emily Maynard & Jef Holm ‘Have Already Come Close To Breaking Up’
Tina Fey: ‘An Erection Is A Building!’
Will Ferrell Hams It Up At Joe Boxer South Beach Comedy Festival! /n