partings and the hairline. Apply hairspray directly to tissue until it is damp. Then smooth over the surface of the hair to calm down the fly-aways." John Frieda Frizz Ease KeraFlex Flexible Hold Micro-Fine Mist Hairspray, $3.99 "R.../n
Static hair don't care?We think not.When cold weather starts leaving your strands dry and dull, static hair will most likely follow. Don't you worry, though—even celebs suffer from electrically charged tresses. So how do A-list stars leave the house without a wayward strand in sight? We polled Hollywood's leading hairstylists on the products they use to bring those clingy, lifeless locks back to life.And, no, we're not talking about simply covering your head with a hat.




"Dryer sheets work well," suggested Riawna Capri, mane stylist to stars like Emma Roberts and Julianne Hough.Mrs. Meyer's Clean Day Dryer Sheets, $7.99




"Lightly spray hair with UNITE 7 seconds, and if you must comb through, use a metal, wood or rubber comb instead of plastic," recommended pro Lisa Satorn.Unite 7seconds Condition Leave in Detangler, $22




"To fight static, try using a heavy moisturizer or leave-in conditioner, like Aestelance Balm Leave In Conditioner, to coat your strands," said Marc Mena, who's worked with Mindy Kaling, Jordana Brewster and Mary Louise Parker. "Also, sleep with a humidifier during the winter. Not only is it great for your hair, but it keeps moisture in your skin, too."Aestelance Balm Leave In Conditioner, $27.60




"Using a lightweight leave-in conditioner on dry hair is an amazing fix," said stylist Tim Duenas. "It adds just enough moisture and hold to counteract the effect of the static. In a pinch, aerosol hairspray on a tissue can be used to smooth around the partings and the hairline. Apply hairspray directly to tissue until it is damp. Then smooth over the surface of the hair to calm down the fly-aways."John Frieda Frizz Ease KeraFlex Flexible Hold Micro-Fine Mist Hairspray, $3.99




"R + Co Foil Control Spray is amazing!" testified hair expert Tauni Dawson.R + Co Foil Frizz + Static Control, $27

Bring on the bad hair day!
/n