 EXCLUSIVE VIDEO: Rob Pattinson, Kristen Stewart and Taylor Lautner Live At Twilight Mall.../n
Screams could be heard around the world Friday night when Rob Pattinson and his fellow New Moon cast members kicked off the Twilight Mall Tour in Los Angeles and RadarOnline.com was there to watch the crowd go crazy for their favorite vampire, his love and his rival. In a surprise appearance in front of hundreds of fans Rob Pattinson, Kristen Stewart and Taylor Lautner took to the stage to fandemonium following performances by four bands that are on the New Moon soundtrack.  We noticed that Rob and host Ted Stryker were wearing matching plaid shirts on stage, and looking handsome as ever Rob charmed the adoring fans. “First of all, thanks to you guys,” RPattz said while fans went crazy. “Without you Twilight wouldn’t be anywhere so thanks very much.”  
Exclusive Video of Rob, Kristen and Taylor At Comic Con 
Kristen Stewart glammed up for the evening in a black dress with a lovely sleek up do and stunning red lipstick. “Thank you so much and please give it up for Death Cab for Cutie and all the rest of the bands who made the New Moon soundtrack so cool,” a poised Kristen said to the fans.  Death Cab For Cutie, Sea Wolf, Anya Marina and Band of Skulls all performed their songs from the soundtrack for the crowd. 
Rob Reveals His Biggest Romantic Moment 
Taylor Lautner then told the crowd “We have a special treat, the whole entire cast is about ready to come on stage and they’re going to answer your questions so thank you, it should be exciting.”  To the crowd’s delight Rob, Kristen and Taylor introduced the rest of the cast members.  Rob, in his charming British accent introduced Chaske Spencer, Jamie Campbell Bower and Alex Meraz and Kellan Lutz.  Kristen introduced Cameron Bright, Kiowa Gordon, Bronson Pelletier and Nikki Reed who plays Rosalie.  Taylor Lautner introduced Ashley Greene and Elizabeth Reaser.  Rob doubled over with laughter when they realized that they had forgotten to bring Billy Burke on stage.
Kristen and Taylor Pose on the Red Carpet Together 
Rob, Kristen and Taylor left the Twilight Mall Tour and the rest of the New Moon cast answered questions from the crowd.  Check back on RadarOnline.com for the New Moon cast Q&A video.  New Moon hits theaters November 20. /n