 U.K. Investigators, In Search Of New Evidence, To Dig At Portuguese Resort Madeline McCann.../n
Scotland Yard’s next step in the investigation into Madeleine McCann‘s disappearance will consist of physically digging near the Praia de Luz resort the child vanished from in 2007, as well as implementing the use of radar equipment to scan underground for any possible artifacts that might serve as clues to the disappearance.
“Kate and Gerry have been told police will be conducting the searches in and around Praia da Luz as soon as they get the green light from Portuguese authorities,” a source told the Mirror. “There will be earth diggers everywhere and it will look very dramatic and it will be a heartbreaking and hugely emotional time for Madeleine’s poor parents.
The source indicated that the latest archaeological approach is not based on new insights, but rather another leg of the exhaustive search for the tot, who was 3 at the time she disappeared May 3, 2007, and would be 10-years-old right now.
PHOTOS: New Timeline, New Evidence: Every Madeleine McCann Crime Scene Photo
British police, the source said, “just need to carry out their own digs” and seek out “any possible clues that Portuguese authorities may have missed on their previous searches.
“It will not be a mere fingertip search of certain areas, it will be full ground searches, using radar and other equipment,” the insider said. “It is such a sensitive part of their investigation but it has to be done.”
The source added that law enforcement officials have told the child’s parents, Kate and Gerry McCann, that they aren’t “specifically searching for her body.
PHOTOS: The Most Intriguing Cold Cases In History
“They are doing searches as much as to rule scenarios out as much as rule them in,” the insider said. “They will be concentrating on several different places at different phases. Certain areas should have been searched properly way back by the Portuguese authorities, but were not.”
Over the weekend at a Rothley, Leicestershire service, McCann‘s said he was optimistic regarding the next phase of the search for his daughter.
“The [police] are going back out to Portugal very soon,” Gerry said. “They are chipping away and there is new evidence. We are going to continue hoping we get a happy outcome, and one day we will know what’s happening.”
Stay with Radar for more on this story. /n