The Queen Told Princess Diana's Gay Butler Paul Burrell To Marry A Woman/n
The late Princess Diana‘s gay butler Paul Burrell has told the Sunday Mirror that Queen Elizabeth told him to “find a woman and get married.”
In an exclusive interview, Burrell, who worked for both Diana and the Queen, said Elizabeth played the bizarre role of matchmaker, urging him to find a suitable woman to wed.
According to Burrell, 58, the Queen suggested that he try his workplace for a mate: “There are some lovely girls around the palace.”
The Queen’s favorite footman said he did fall in love with a fellow servant, Maria Cosgrove, after receiving the Queen’s advice. He was married to Maria for 32 years until recently divorcing her to wed a man, as Radar has reported.
PHOTOS: Never Forgotten! Princess Kate Makes Touching Tribute To Diana At Royal Event
Now, the saucy servant, who spilled Di’s secrets after her tragic death in a shocking tell-all book, A Royal Duty, said Her Majesty turned marriage adviser after Burrell was linked to a 1981 gay orgy Navy scandal on board the Royal Yacht Britannia.
After Burrell married Cosgrove, who worked as the Queen’s husband’s Prince Philip‘s maid, Elizabeth was thrilled and sent them to Balmoral on honeymoon.
Burrell told The Mirror the Britannia situation was “very delicate….They were different times.”
He was suspended from Palace duties but said the Queen is “incredibly broadminded,” and was happy when he later returned to serve her again as footman.
According to Burrell, Her Majesty took him aside and said, “Paul, the institution of marriage is a wonderful thing – have you thought of getting married?
PHOTOS: New Scandalous Secrets Emerge After George Michael’s Death
“I said, ‘Well, your Majesty, I have, yes.’ She replied, ‘Well there are some lovely girls around the Palace. I’m sure you can find one suitable.’ ”
After Cosgrove helped him make the Queen’s bed, their romance began, Burrell said. They married in 1983.
The Queen told him, “You won’t regret getting married. Marriage is a wonderful, wonderful thing….”
She also spoiled him with wedding gifts, including candlesticks and a gold carriage clock, Burrell blabbed.
“I was the Queen’s boy,” said Burrell. “We had a close, special relationship.”
PHOTOS: Hollywood Hero! Crash Survivor Harrison Ford’s 11 Most Iconic Roles – From Han Solo To Indiana Jones & More
But as Radar has reported, the former butler, who also became close to Princess Diana and learned all her secrets as her marriage to Prince Charles unraveled, recently divorced his wife and is planning to marry a man!
Burrell announced that he will be walking down the aisle with lawyer Graham Cooper. They were photographed together at a bed and breakfast in 2014 but the length of their relationship is unknown.
Burrell admitted in his interview that the Queen, 90, may be “”bewildered” by his life today with Cooper.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n