"No RIP Elizabeth Taylor who spent her life in adultery and enabling proud f-gs. They cuss her in hell today. #Westboro will picket funeral!" tweeted Margie Phelps, daughter of Westboro Baptist Church pastor Fred Phelps. Though if .../n
Westboro Baptist Church is at it again. Much as it threatened to do at the funerals of Heath Ledger and Natasha Richardson, the small Kansas church—which has notoriously picketed the funerals of fallen U.S. soldiers as part of a crusade against homosexuality—is directing its rhetoric at Hollywood in threatening to protest at Elizabeth Taylor's funeral."No RIP Elizabeth Taylor who spent her life in adultery and enabling proud f-gs. They cuss her in hell today. #Westboro will picket funeral!" tweeted Margie Phelps, daughter of Westboro Baptist Church pastor Fred Phelps.Though if the past is any guide...

They may be all (hate) talk. Despite threats, the group were apparently no-shows at Richardson's funeral, and Ledger's funeral in Australia was a private ceremony. The U.S. Supreme Court ruled 8-1 earlier this month that the Westboro congregation was protected by the First Amendment—if not standards of human decency—when it protested at the funeral of a Marine who had died in Iraq, with some people wielding signs that read "God Hates F-gs" and "America Is Doomed."The soldier's father sued the congregation for sizable damages and won, but the appeals process ultimately led to the high court."Fred Phelps and his vitriolic anti-gay followers are simply trying to exploit their so-called 'faith' by spreading messages of hate at a time when Americans are grieving the loss of an extraordinary woman, actress and advocate," GLAAD president Jarrett Barrios tells E! News."Overwhelmingly, communities of faith are beginning to embrace lesbian, gay bisexual and transgender congregants and sending messages that promote equality for all. GLAAD is urging media to share Elizabeth Taylor's legacy with stories of hope and acceptance, and which highlight her life's work to create a world in which everyone is respected and valued for who they are."Taylor, who died earlier today at 79 after being in ill health for some time, was a tireless advocate for AIDS awareness and research and is revered by the gay community for her support and philanthropy."It's impossible to underestimate Elizabeth Taylor's impact on the fight against AIDS from the very beginning," said Craig E. Thompson, executive director of AIDS Project Los Angeles. "We're simply devastated by her loss." "Today, we've lost one of the boldest advocates our community has seen," he added, "but her tremendous impact lives with us."The two-time Oscar winner cofounded the American Foundation of AIDS Research, or amFAR, which also paid its respects to its late "Founding International Chairman" today."Dame Elizabeth's compassion, radiance, and generosity of spirit will be greatly missed by us all," the organization said in a statement. "She leaves a monumental legacy that has improved and extended millions of lives and will enrich countless more for generations to come."But while there will surely be a memorial in Hollywood to commemorate the iconic star, the issue of where she'll be laid to rest isn't exactly set in stone. In recent years, Taylor had said that she wanted to be buried next to two-time husband Richard Burton in Wales.Wherever the grand dame can rest in peace, we're all for it.

WATCH: Fans pay tribute to Taylor in Hollywood
/n