This Photo of Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx Has Everyone Thinking They’re Dating/n





                    Katie Holmes Cheers On Jamie Foxx at Barbra Streisand Concert
                







Cue the romance rumors.

 MORE >>










                    Katie Holmes Overheard Telling Jamie Foxx 'I Love You' During Phone Call
                







Are Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx officially a couple?

 MORE >>





Romance rumors are swirling for Katie Holmes and Jamie Foxx after they were spotted enjoying a low-key night out together.

In a photo shared on Instagram this week, the Dawson’s Creek alum was seen sharing a meal with Foxx, 49, at a restaurant. Wearing glasses, Holmes, 38, appeared to be reading a menu as her dinner companion played with a glass on the table.
An onlooker wrote in the caption, “Look who I spotted on a date night @katieholmes212 @iamjamiefoxx I always heard rumors about them but never seen pictures of them until today.”



A post shared by Fameolous (@fameolousent_) on Apr 3, 2017 at 11:45am PDT



Fans chimed in with their own theories. Though Foxx’s face cannot be seen, Instagram users quickly noted that the man in the shot was wearing the same hat and sunglasses in a recent photo shared on Foxx’s account, seemingly confirming the person pictured beside Holmes was, indeed, the Oscar winner.



A post shared by Jamie Foxx (@iamjamiefoxx) on Apr 3, 2017 at 12:37pm PDT



Dating rumors between the two stars sparked way back in 2013 when they were photographed dancing together at a charity event in the Hamptons. Last year, former Real Housewives of Atlanta star Claudia Jordan confirmed the two have been quietly seeing each other, saying  on the Allegedly podcast, “He is very happy with her so… I like that he seems very happy.”
Jordan later backtracked when her claims made headlines, explaining, “I have no knowledge of Jamie with Katie at all.”
In March 2016, Foxx personally denied rumors that he was in a secret relationship with Tom Cruise’s ex-wife, insisting he is “just friends” with the mom-of-one.
“Oh come on, you guys have been trying to get that to stick for three years,” he told the paparazzi when asked about Holmes, explaining they are planning on working together soon. “That’s all it is.”
So, are they or aren’t they?!


Tom Cruise & Katie Holmes' Quotes About Their Relationship








































7 Photos »


/n