Prince George and Princess Charlotte Waving Goodbye to Canada Leads This Weekend’s Hottest Star Sightings/n





                    See Prince George and Princess Charlotte in All Their Royal Sweetness on First Tour Outing
                







Prince George, 3, and Princess Charlotte, 16 months, enjoyed an outdoor party.

 MORE >>





Prince William, wife Kate Middleton and their two adorable children, Prince George and Princess Charlotte, bid adieu to Canada.
After a week-long tour of the country, the royal family arrived to the airport on Sunday (Oct. 2, 2016) to begin their journey back home to England, and waved to goodbye to the crowds. Even little Charlotte, who looked too damn cute in a burgundy jumper that matched her brother’s shorts.
“Catherine and I are incredibly grateful to the people of Canada for the warmth and hospitality they have extended to our family over the last week,” Prince William said in a statement. “We have loved our time in British Columbia and Yukon and will never forget the beautiful places we have seen and the many people who have been kind enough to come to welcome us in person.”


Kate Middleton and Prince William Explore Canada








































17 Photos »


He continued, “We feel very lucky to have been able to introduce George and Charlotte to Canada. This country will play a big part in the lives of our children and we have created such happy memories for our family during this visit.”
Aww, some of those memories were displayed on last Thursday (Sept. 29.. 2016) when the Duke and Duchess brought George and Charlotte to the park for a play date that included bubbles and balloons!


Prince George and Princess Charlotte Have a Fun Day in Victoria, British Columbia








































22 Photos »


“Canada is a country of optimism, generosity and unrivalled natural beauty,” the prince shared. “I hope we have helped all Canadians celebrate what makes this country great. We will see you again soon.”
/n