BREAKING NEWS: FBI Raids Home In Snapchat Killer Case/n
Police are searching a property near where Delphi, Indiana teens Abigail Williams and Liberty German were found murdered last month,  RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned.
Sheriff Tobe Leazenby told Radar exclusively, “The FBI, State Police and local police applied for a search warrant for the property owned by Ronald Logan, who is currently in custody.”
Logan owns a property near Monon Bridge, where Williams and German were murdered in February. He was arrested on March 11, 2017 for an outstanding probation violation.
PHOTOS: Mangy Mugs: America’s Most Wanted Say Cheese
While Logan’s arrest was not related to the case, Sheriff Leazenby said today that“Additional information was provided to us as it related to Mr. Logan’s property.”
As Radar reported, German posted a Snapchat of Williams at 2:07 pm on February 13, 2017, the last time anyone had any communication from the girls. The photo captured the image of a man walking behind them, and cops said he is the primary suspect.
The Indiana teens were found murdered the following day near Monon Bridge.
Dirty Dozen! The FBI’s Most Wanted Women – 12 Photos Of America’s Lethal Ladies Living Life On The Lam
Sheriff Leazenby confirmed that Mr. Logan is still in custody and is going to be held until March 29, 2017.
“There is the assumption, or people speculate, that the search warrant will lead to an arrest,” Sheriff Leazenby told Radar. “A search warrant is obtained. It is an investigative tool to help further the investigation.”
Mr. Logan is 77 and Sheriff Leazenby told Radar that the man whom they consider to be the “primary suspect,” from the picture tis estimated by law enforcement to be in his 40s or 50s.
PHOTOS: The Face Of Evil: The Top 32 Most Terrifying Serial Killers
Sheriff Leazenby told Radar about the status of their search for the killer of the girls. “For me to say anything is speculation,” he said. “I feel like we’re closer than day one. But part of the issue right now is the number of tips and leads are still actively being followed up with. If we catch someone or get somebody in custody, we have to vet out all the tips.”
But he won’t rest until the girls’ killer is behind bars.
“I’ve been at it for 30 years. I’ve never seen anything like this,” he said. “We’ve had our share of double homicides over the year. We’ve had our share of bigger issues. Just few and far and far between. But this is the worst.”
Stay with Radar for updates to the story.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n