 Maci Tells All On Keeping Son Away From Druggie Ryan:  'I Have To Keep My Child Safe!'.../n
Ryan Edwards completed a stint in rehab after he was caught on camera falling asleep at the wheel on the season finale of Teen Mom OG, but how is he doing today? Maci Bookout gave an update on her baby daddy’s recovery and revealed if she has been allowing him to see their son on the Ask The Moms special.
Edwards entered rehab after he was filmed falling asleep at the wheel while driving to his wedding ceremony.
“Yeah I knew there was an issue in the past,” Bookout said after watching the disturbing scene. “I didn’t know it was anything like it was.”
PHOTOS: Baby Daddy From Hell! ‘Teen Mom’ Maci Bookout Slams Ex Ryan Edwards In New Tell-All: Read Her 10 Most Shocking Accusations
When she learned that he would be entering rehab, she felt relieved.
“I felt like a completely different person right away,” she said. “I knew the cloud over me, and all of us, was big and dark and heavy, but I just didn’t know how big and dark and heavy it was until it was gone.”
She explained how he’s “where he needs to be” after receiving treatment.
PHOTOS: Teen Mom Maci’s Baby Daddy Ryan Edwards Admits To Murdering Cats 
Throughout the season, Bookout got advice from an addiction counselor who advised her to threaten to keep their son Bentley away from him if he refuses to get help for his addiction issues.
When asked if she’s kept the 8-year-old from Edwards since his return, she responded, “I’m going to do my best to not discourage him, but also keep my child safe.”
As Radar readers know, Edwards’ wife Mackenzie Standifer slammed Bookout on the reunion special for not telling her about his drug issues.
PHOTOS: Maci Bookout Accused Of Knowing About Pregnancy Before Finding Out On Camera
“Maci you told me to my face merely days after I had informed you that Ryan was seeking help that you have known about his problem since November… that was 186 days he could’ve died and still you said nothing,” she read from a letter she wrote. “You let everyone know that you feared for his life while concurrently exploiting Ryan’s addiction on the show.”
She continued, “Helping Ryan doesn’t mean talking about all of his problems on national television, it means being supportive. Not kicking someone down and respecting the privacy we all so graciously deserve.”
Bookout called her “ridiculous” and told her she shouldn’t have signed up for a reality show if she wanted privacy.
Do you think Bookout should keep Bentley from Edwards? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n