Jean-Claude Van Damme and Wife Gladys to Divorce for the 2nd Time—Get the Details The Muscles From Brussels' marriage is over again. Jean-Claude Van Damme, 54, and wife Gladys are getting a divorce, almost 15 years after they remarried..../n
The Muscles From Brussels' marriage is over again.Jean-Claude Van Damme, 54, and wife Gladys are getting a divorce, almost 15 years after they remarried. She recently filed paperwork at a Los Angeles court to end their marriage for the second time. The divorce documents list the date of their separation as March 7 and irreconcilable differences as the reason for the split. Van Damme's wife is seeking spousal support from him. The actor has not commented.The documents also list both of their legal names—Jean Claude Van Varenberg and Gladys Portugues Van Varenberg—and their addresses—her home in the Los Angeles area and Van Damme's residence in Hong Kong.The Belgian action star and martial arts legend first wed his wife, an actress and former bodybuilder and Ms. Olympia contestant, in 1987. They had a son, Kristopher, and daughter, Bianca, who are now adults, and divorced for the first time in 1992. They remarried in 1999.She was his third and fifth wife and she often accompanied him to celebrity events, such as the premiere of The Expendables 2 in London in 2012 (pictured above) and the 2008 Cannes International Film Festival, where they were joined by their children and the actor's parents.

Van Damme has another child from his fourth marriage and none from his first two.The actor married fourth wife Darcy LaPier in 1994. She gave birth to his son a year later.Also in 1994, the actor appeared in the movie Street Fighter with actress and pop singer Kylie Minogue. He made headlines in 2012 when he told U.K. newspaper The Guardian that he had cheated on LaPier with his co-star while he was still married to his fourth wife, who was pregnant with their son. She gave birth to the child in 1995."Yes. OK. Yes, yes, yes. It happened. I was in Thailand, we had an affair," he said. "Sweet kiss, beautiful lovemaking. It would be abnormal not to have had an affair, she's so beautiful and she was there in front of me every day with a beautiful smile, simpatico, so charming, she wasn't acting like a big star. I knew Thailand very well, so I showed her my Thailand. She's a great lady."LaPier told Fox News, in response to his interview, "I was shocked he would talk to the press about this all these years later to gain some notoriety. I didn't know about it, I have had my feelings hurt and I feel betrayed. There is a lot of water under the bridge between us, but the fact is I was pregnant with our son at the time."—Reporting by Baker Machado
/n