Justin Bieber Apologizes for Canceling Purpose World Tour/n





                    Justin Bieber Scolds "Obnoxious" Fans for Screaming at His Concert
                







Don't bug Bieber. 

 MORE >>










                    Justin Bieber Prefers That His Fans "Act a Little Bit More Sane"
                







If you haven't gotten the message already, Justin Bieber would like you to chill the f**k out.

 MORE >>





Justin Bieber is sorry for breaking your heart.

The singer issued an apology to his fans following the cancellation of the remaining 14 stops on his Purpose World Tour. While out and about in Santa Monica on Monday, he explained to the paparazzi why he prematurely put a kibosh on the hole thing, saying, “Everything’s fine. I’ve been on tour for two years.”
“I love you guys. I think you guys are awesome,” he said, when asked what he’d like to say to Beliebers. “Sorry for anybody who feels disappointed or betrayed, it’s not my heart or anything. Have a blessed day.”
According to TMZ, Bieber pulled out due to “unforeseen circumstances.”
“Justin loves his fans and hates to disappoint them. He thanks his fans for the incredible experience of the Purpose world tour over last 18 months,” a rep for the Canadian crooner said in a statement. “He is grateful and honored to have shared that experience with his cast and crew for over 150 successful shows across six continents during this run. However, after careful consideration he has decided he will not be performing any further dates. Tickets will be refunded at point of purchase.”



A post shared by Scooter Braun (@scooterbraun) on Jul 24, 2017 at 11:24pm PDT



His manager, Scooter Braun, also spoke out about the cancellation, writing on his Instagram, “An incredible run. Congrats to @justinbieber on an incredible tour and thank you to the entire cast and crew for your unending support.”
“To the promoters who believed around the world thank you. To the fans from all over the world who took part over the last 16 months over 6 continents thank you. To Justin who gave it his all night after night thank you,” he added. “And to those that won’t be able to see it…on behalf of myself, Justin, and the team, we are sorry. That was never our intent. But a man’s soul and well being I truly care about came first and we must all respect and honor that. Justin will be back and I know he looks forward to performing for you and with you all again. One chapter ends and another begins. Thank you again. Now please stop commenting on all my other photos that have nothing to do with this. Just kidding….but I’m not. Jokes aside your support for Justin is inspiring. Cheers.”
Though some fans were outraged, those in the music industry saw the cancellation as a much needed break for the 23-year-old after being on the road for the last two years.
“When someone pulls remaining dates of a tour, it means they would have done real damage to themselves if they kept going,” John Mayer tweeted, defending Bieber “We’ve lost so many great artists lately. I give Justin  for realizing it was time to call it. You should too.”

When someone pulls remaining dates of a tour, it means they would have done real damage to themselves if they kept going. 1/2
— John Mayer (@JohnMayer) July 24, 2017



We’ve lost so many great artists lately. I give Justin for realizing it was time to call it. You should too. 2/2
— John Mayer (@JohnMayer) July 24, 2017

/n