Making Amends! Ramona Singer Feels 'Terrible' About Catfight With Bethenney Frankel/n
Ramona Singer has finally apologized for her alcohol-fueled catfight with Bethenny Frankel, RadarOnline.com can reveal.
The explosive feud broke out earlier this month at Dorinda Medley’s Berkshires house during an episode of Real Housewives of New York City, when Singer called the Skinny Girl mogul a “b***h.”
“I regret all the drama,” Singer, 60, admitted to PEOPLE.
The on-again, off-again friends caused an on-screen havoc that led to thousand of dollars in damage of a luxury guest room.
PHOTOS: LuAnn, Tamra, Kenya & More! The 10 Craziest ‘Housewives’ Cougars Revealed
“I wish I could have walked away and turned and left the room when the fight started,” Singer said. “When a mature person feels like that, they walk away.”
Medley exposed the damage made to her home during a season 7 episode. The 52-year-old’s guesthouse was left without various temporary light fixtures and numerous scrapes on the painted walls.
The reality star claimed the damage was taken care of by the show’s production company.
“The production company has a huge insurance policy,” Singer said. “She got a free paint job. Of course it’s upsetting because no one wants to have their house damaged. But the good news is production fixed it, they paid for it, and the entire room got fixed like new.”
PHOTOS: ‘Sassy,’ Scary & More! Kate Chastain Tells All On A-List Yachtie Guests
She continued with her regrets, saying: “I wish I had handled that moment differently.”
“Even when I watched it, I was taken aback by my actions and I feel terrible about,” Singer admitted after watching her feud with Frankel, 46, on screen. “I wear my friendships like a badge of honor and in that moment, I felt like she was trying to strip me of my badge and I lost it.”
The stars attempted to reconcile while filming the episode, and Singer has made various public apologies ever since, most recently on Jenny McCarthy’s SiriusXM show.
“Dorinda is still not happy with her still, but they have to work together,” a source told PEOPLE. “They are still pleasant to each other, but you don’t forget after disrespecting a home like that.”
The feud with Frankel however, will eventually heal itself, according to a showbiz insider: “The repercussions from the fight carry on for another eight episodes, but things finally do get better between the two of them.”
PHOTOS: Bethenny Frankel Shows Off In A Skimpy Bikini As Costar De Lesseps’ Wedding Begins
“It’s the worst drama I’ve ever gone through with a friend ever,” said Singer of the scandal. “We have been through a lot over the years and we came out stronger and better on the other side so I want us to be able to move on this and get to a better place.”
She added that she’s looking forward to getting past this “hurtful” experience.
As Radar reported, earlier this month Singer accused Frankel of being an opportunist, even saying: “You had everything paid for your whole life. I am f*****g self-made, Bethenny, unlike you.”
Frankel responded saying: “If you don’t like me, and you think I’m an opportunist, stop trying to be my friend.”
Do you think Frankel and Singer will make amends? Let us know in the comments below.
The Real Housewives of New York City airs Wednesdays (9 p.m. ET) on Bravo.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n