The Best & Worst Dressed Stars At The White House Correspondents’ Dinner/n
By Leah Ornstein – Radar Features Editor
Who impressed the President and the First Lady of the United States of America with their stellar style, and who missed the a la mode mark completely?  
Hollywood’s hottest big screen bombshells, reality stars, singers, models and personalities took over Washington D.C. this weekend for The White House Correspondents’ Dinner dressed in the best and worst fashions – and RadarOnline.com has all the winners and sinners as well as details about their fab and faux pas fashions!
PHOTOS: The White House Correspondents Dinner Best & Worst Dressed
Talk about a hot mama! Kate Hudson showed off every inch of her flawless figure in smashing fashion, rocking a sensationally sequined, gorgeous green Jenny Packham sleeved gown. Finishing off the look with an Edie Parker clutch and a super sleek updo, she was definitely the glammest gal at the party.
A close second was Hunger Games hottie Elizabeth Banks, who radiated in a red hot Antonio Berardi strapless peplum gown, which she glammed up with Bulgari bling.

PHOTOS: The Best, Worst & Wackiest Dressed Stars At Week 2 Of Coachella
Other notable a la mode included Reese Witherspoon, who showed off her baby bump in a black Monique Lhuillier asymmetrical neckline gown, which she paired with Irene Neuwirth jewelry, Dakota Fanning, who sparkled in an embellished Prada gown, and Charlize Theron, who rocked a lovely lace black and nude Emilio Pucci gown.  
Lindsay Lohan has a hot body, but she failed to show it off in a boring black halter gown, allowing her trout pout lips to grab most of the attention.
PHOTOS: The Best, Worst & Wackiest Dressed Stars Of The Week
Other a la mode misses included Rosario Dawson, who showed off too much cleavage in a boobiful green gown, and Elle Macpherson, who also looked too sexy for politics in a stunning but inappropriate Romona Keveza uber-slit style.
For the rest of the best and worst dressed stars at The White House Correspondents’ Dinner, click here.
RELATED GALLERIES:
PHOTOS: Tuesday Night’s Best, Worst & Wackiest Dressed Stars
PHOTOS: Celebrities Go Hippy Chic For Coachella Part Two
PHOTOS: Coachella’s Best, Worst & Wackiest Dressed
PHOTOS: Double Take Thursday! Who Wore It Best Weekly Roundup /n