Here’s Everything That Happened at the Hollywood Film Awards 2016/n





                    Katy Perry Rocks Her Patriotic Heart Out for Hillary Clinton
                







See the pics!

 MORE >>










                    Beyoncé Gives Surprise Performance at Ohio Hillary Clinton Event
                







They're with her.

 MORE >>





Hollywood’s most elite were out in full force Sunday night (Nov. 6, 2016) for the Hollywood Film Awards. Kicking off awards season, A-listers like Leonardo DiCaprio, Robert De Niro, Natalie Portman and more came out to celebrate the best in film.

Naturally, with the impending election just days away, stars were very vocal about voting in their speeches.
“This is my second year hosting the show, and I still have no idea what it is. Literally none of this is real. It’s the awards show equivalent of a Donald Trump campaign promise,” James Corden joked in his opening monologue. “This year they brought back Star Wars with a female lead. They rebooted Ghostbusters with a female cast. And I pray to God they reboot the Clinton presidency with a female lead.”
De Niro echoed the sentiments by endorsing Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton in his acceptance speech for the Hollywood Comedy Award, saying, “We are two days from a frightening election … Let me just lay it out right here: We have the opportunity to keep a comedy from turning into a tragedy. Vote for Hillary, Tuesday.”
DiCaprio, who won the Hollywood Documentary Award along with director Fisher Stevens for their work in the climate change doc, Before the Flood, also spoke about the upcoming election.
“If you don’t believe in climate change, you might as well not believe in gravity. There is no more time for arguing or fighting the facts or spreading campaigns with misinformation,” he told the crowd. “Let’s all use our power as citizens to do the right thing. Please vote this Tuesday, Nov. 8.”


Celebrities Attend the Hollywood Film Awards 2016








































26 Photos »


However, things weren’t all about politics when Matthew McConaughey took the stage. The actor, who was honored with the Hollywood Ensemble Award alongside his Gold cast, had a mini reunion with How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days co-star, Kate Hudson. The duo, who also appeared in 2008’s Fool’s Gold, posed on the red carpet together with McConaughey’s wife, Camila Alves.
See the full list of honorees — below.
Hollywood Career Achievement Award: Eddie Murphy
Hollywood Actor Award: Tom Hanks
Hollywood Supporting Actor Award: Hugh Grant
Hollywood Actress Award: Natalie Portman
Hollywood Supporting Actress Award: Nicole Kidman
Hollywood Comedy Award: Robert De Niro
Hollywood Breakout Actress Award:  Naomie Harris
New Hollywood Award: Lily Collins
Spotlight Award: Janelle Monáe
Hollywood Ensemble Award: Gold
Hollywood Song Award: Justin Timberlake
Hollywood Documentary Award: Leonardo DiCaprio and Fisher Stevens
Hollywood Blockbuster Award: The Jungle Book
Hollywood Animation Award: Zootopia
Hollywood Director Award: Mel Gibson
Hollywood Breakthrough Director Award: Tom Ford
Hollywood Producer Award: Marc Platt
Hollywood Screenwriter Award: Kenneth Lonergan
Hollywood Cinematography Award: Linus Sandgren
Hollywood Film Composer Award: Mychael Danna
Hollywood Editor Award: John Gilbert
Hollywood Visual Effects Award: Stephane Ceretti and Richard Bluff
Hollywood Sound Award: Christopher Boyes and Frank Eulner
Hollywood Costume Design Award: Albert Wolsky
Hollywood Make Up & Hair Styling Award: Shane Thomas, Angela Conte, Bec Taylor and Noriko Waztanabe
Hollywood Production Design Award: Wynn Thomas
/n