Did Prince Charles Have an ''Infatuation'' With Barbra Streisand? Here's a fun fact: Prince Charles is apparently a huge fan of Funny Girl and an even bigger fan of Barbra Streisand. In a new book released tomorrow, .../n
Here's a fun fact: Prince Charles is apparently a huge fan of Funny Girl and an even bigger fan of Barbra Streisand.In a new book released tomorrow, Game of Crowns: Elizabeth, Camilla, Kate & the Throne, author Christopher Andersen "takes readers behind palace walls to examine the surprising similarities and stark differences among three remarkable women," however there's another woman whose mention in the book is now making headlines.According to reports, Andersen alleges in his work (which has not been obtained by E! News) that Prince Charles had an "infatuation" with Streisand.

Charles and Streisand have crossed paths a few times over the years.Their first meeting occurred back in 1974, when the future king was a 26-year-old officer docked in Los Angeles and given a chance to meet any Hollywood starlet he wanted, according to the book, and it wasn't much of a question for the young royal.According to Andersen, Prince Charles had seen the 1968 Streisand movie Funny Girl three times and had kept a framed photo of Streisand on his wall at Cambridge and in his private quarters in Buckingham Palace. Charles even reportedly confided to his personal valet of his choice to meet Streisand, telling the driver, "I'm sure they thought I'd say Raquel Welch...Streisand is my only pinup."

However, when it came time to meet, Streisand reportedly seemed "nervous," which, can you blame her? Later on, the actress joked about her first meeting with the prince, saying, "Who knows? If I'd been nicer to him, I might have been the first real Jewish princess."The pair reconnected at a gala in 1994, and then again at an event 10 months later in London. The book claims that a source said, "The prince and Miss Streisand were very affectionate to one another," adding that the housekeeper "described Charles and Barbra as acting ‘quite flustered' when she surprised them in Charles' study."E! News has reached out to Streisand's rep for comment.
/n