Wow That's Deep Miley! Find Out Who Inspired Cyrus' New Tattoo/n
By Radar Staff
The inspiration for Miley Cyrus‘s new tattoo? 
A quote from a 102-year-old speech by ex-President Theodore Roosevelt.
Photos: Miley Cyrus Channels Teddy Roosevelt With New Tattoo
The inking on Miley’s left forearm was spotted as the Hannah Montana star left a Pilates class in West Hollywood Tuesday. 
The quote — which was lifted from a speech the 26th president made on April 23, 1910 in Paris — reads, “So that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who knew neither victory nor defeat.”
The full speech reads: “It is not the critic who counts: not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles or where the doer of deeds could have done better. 
PHOTOS: Miley As Hannah Through The Years
“The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena, whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood, who strives valiantly, who errs and comes up short again and again, because there is no effort without error or shortcoming, but who knows the great enthusiasms, the great devotions, who spends himself for a worthy cause; who, at the best, knows, in the end, the triumph of high achievement, and who, at the worst, if he fails, at least he fails while daring greatly, so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who knew neither victory nor defeat.”
PHOTOS: Miley At Justin Bieber Movie Never Say Never Premiere
Even though she is not yet out of her teens Miley now has a total of thirteen tattoos, including the word “Love” inked in her ear, a heart on her little finger and a huge Indian inspired dream catcher tattoo on her ribcage.
Miley, 19, is currently engaged to Australian actor Liam Hemsworth, who popped the question May 31 with a 3.5-carat diamond ring from Neil Lane. She recently changed her Twitter avatar to a pic of she and her hunky fiance. 
The booty-baring beauty met The Hunger Games hunk, 22, when he was her her co-star in 2009’s The Last Song.
 
RELATED STORIES:
NEW PHOTO: Miley Cyrus Cuddles With Co-Star In The Park
PHOTO: ‘Legally Inked’ — Miley Cyrus Gets Her Fifth Tattoo!
EXCLUSIVE INTERVIEW & PHOTOS: Miley Cyrus Was A Real Life ‘Mean Girl’ In School, Says Childhood Pal
COURT DOCUMENTS: Miley Cyrus’ Hacker Arrested & Charged In Nashville /n