Custody Battle Gets Nasty: Scarlett Johansson's Ex 'Blindsided' By Divorce Filing/n
Scarlett Johansson dropped a bombshell on her husband Romain Dauriac when she filed for divorce after only two years of marriage, an attorney for the French journalist, Hal Mayerson, tells RadarOnline exclusively.
“We were totally blindsided and shocked by her filing. I cannot emphasize that enough. We had been negotiating for five months,” Mayerson revealed to Radar, before slamming Johansson’s perceived selfishness regarding their 2-year-old daughter, Rose Dorothy.
“She didn’t like the present schedule as it didn’t take into consideration her travel. She wanted the schedule to change based on her needs — not the child’s.”
READ THE SHOCKING DIVORCE PAPERS
Radar can also reveal the couple does have a prenup. While custody is the main bone of contention in the split, any major assets will be covered under the agreement.
“The principle issues have been the discussions of where their daughter will live and the division of time between the two parents,” a source close to the couple adds. “There is a prenup in place which deals with economic issues, between them but that prenup does not deal with custody and child support.”
PHOTOS: Single Mom! Scarlett Johansson Spotted Out With Daughter Rose After Shocking Split
Dauriac is seeking primary custody of Rose — and the ability to move to his native France.
“He is already the primary physical parent,” Mayerson claimed. “His roots and infrastructure are in Paris and not New York. Scarlett travels a lot, she has two homes in Paris and can travel there just as easily.”
According to New York divorce papers exclusively obtained by Radar, the actress, 32, is seeking joint legal custody but primary physical custody of her daughter.
PHOTOS: Scarlett Johansson, Angelina Jolie & Jessica Biel, Oh My! The 15 Sexiest Nude Scenes Of All Time
Johansson obtaining physical custody would be “consistent with the best interests of the child,” she wrote in the March 7 summons.
The former couple announced their split in January, but had secretly separated last summer.
For the latest on the split, keep reading Radar.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n