Hospitalized: Phil Collins Suffers Tragic Fall, Cancels London Shows/n
Aging superstar Phil Collins was rushed to the hospital last night, after a tragic fall on his way to the toilet!
RadarOnline.com can reveal the faded star will be cancelling his London shows due to the horrifying incident.
A source close to the singer claimed: “Phil is in a bad way with his head in bandages. He is conscious and talking, but he is frustrated and upset about having to cancel in his gigs.”
PHOTOS: Drinking at 15 & Drugging With Mom: Inside Bobbi Kristina’s Wild Childhood
The 66-year-old musician was taken to a local hospital after having tripped over a step in his bedroom and gashing his forehead. According to reports, surgery is required.
As Radar previously revealed, the iconic performer has been walking with a cane and looking frail at his latest gigs in the Royal Albert Hall. During his latest concert, Collins remained seated for the entirety of his show, only getting up for one song.
A source claims the singer remains in the hospital and is “keen to get out” and perform “again, as soon as possible.”
PHOTOS: Jules Wainstein Busted Drinking After Ex Accuses Her Of Substance Abuse Issues
As readers know, the English songwriter and author of Not Dead Yet has suffered from countless ailments, including a severe back injury and serious troubles with booze. Collins even admitted in 2012 that alcohol was “killing” him, and yet after three years of sobriety, the tragic star is now hitting the bottle once again.
Phil first turned to alcohol after divorcing third wife Orianne Cevey in 2008. Earlier this year, he admitted to suffering a relapse.
“I personally do not believe I was an alcoholic. I had a problem with alcohol. I didn’t have anything else to do, and I enjoyed it. But when I had to stop because it was killing me, I stopped,” the singer claimed.
Following his latest fall, Phil is devastated, a pal says: “He is struggling with his limited mobility as he has loved being on stage these past few days.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n