 Hypocrite! Video Of Drug-Addled Angelina Jolie Surfaces After Brad Pitt Drug Abuse Claims.../n
Angelina Jolie‘s drug-addled past is coming back to haunt her, just as she has reportedly accused her husband Brad Pitt of substance use in the wake of her shock divorce filing.
“I went through heavy, dark times,” Jolie, 41, once admitted, “and I survived them. I didn’t die young. So I’m very lucky.”
Now, RadarOnline.com can reveal a disturbing video, first obtained by The National ENQUIRER. The footage lays bare just how low the actress had sunk.
PHOTOS: Drugs! Affairs! 10 Secret Signs Angelina Jolie & Brad Pitt Were Headed For Divorce
In 1998, pin-thin Jolie was covered in sores and looking ragged in a video shot by her drug dealer, Franklin Meyer, which showed her pacing back and forth and talking on the phone to her dad, Jon Voight, in her squalid apartment in New York City. She had just scored heroin and cocaine.
In the lengthy clip, Jolie rambles on about family issues: “The thing is, you know, it’s that idea trying to get a house or a room for everybody,” she says. “It’s not, it’s just not necessary. You know but it’s, you know it’s, whatever that house… I said once, well, what if I stop working? She’s like, telling me to relax, you know. But to, you know, I said what if I don’t work for you, what if I don’t make that much money? And you stay in an apartment until I make more money so that you can get a bigger house. What if something happens to me?”
Jolie continued, “You know, I don’t want this to ruin our relationship. And I don’t want it to be this thing where, you know, we go out to do something or to dinner or go shopping and you know, or her coming out to visit, and not buying something for herself. And I said to her, you know…we have to remind ourselves sometimes when we come to your place we talk about, you know, this concept…we’re all in this place, and it’s very hard for us to think about getting a house or these cars…when you have no new clothes, or that you have holes…”
PHOTOS: The Shocking Divorce: Inside Angelina Jolie & Brad Pitt’s Miserable Last Days
As Radar has reported, shocking allegations of Pitt’s substance abuse have come front and center in the couple’s divorce, with one report claiming the actor was “wasted” when he allegedly hit his son Maddox during a private jet flight from France last week. Sources close to Pitt have denied the violence, insisting he will fight for joint custody of his children with Jolie, Maddox, 15, Pax, 12, Zahara, 11, Shiloh, 10, and Knox and Vivienne, 8.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n