 The Woman Who Discovered Robin Williams’ Body REVEALED — Longtime Assistant &.../n
Marin County Sheriffs confirmed Tuesday that Robin Williams’ personal assistant had discovered his gruesome death scene on Monday afternoon. Now, a joint investigation by RadarOnline.com and The National ENQUIRER can reveal that the individual who made the shocking find was William’s longtime confidante and friend, Rebecca Erwin Spencer.
Spencer, 57, was spotted at Williams’ Tiburon, Calif., home around 11 a.m. on Tuesday morning. “She went into the house for a few minutes before someone in the house let her out of the garage and she left quickly,” an eyewitness tells Radar.
She returned to her own home nearby around 4:30 p.m. on Tuesday, and neighbors said she had been in and out of the property since Williams’ death. Indeed, a Prius registered to her was seen multiple times at Williams’ home.
Though Spencer and her husband, Dan, are a private couple, according to neighbors, friends had gathered at her home in support on Tuesday, and others had left condolence notes and bouquets of flowers outside on her porch.
PHOTOS: See The Woman Who Discovered Robin Williams’ Body
On Tuesday morning, Spencer posted a photo of Williams on one of his USO tours to her public Facebook account captioned “What a time we had!” Friends chimed in with messages of support.
“You were the wind beneath his wings,” a user named Auntie Kr wrote.
Tom Reilly chimed in, “You were an amazing team. Truly.”
And Louise Spotswood wrote, “Rebecca … you gave him so much that was great in his life. You did the best he could have asked for!”
Williams himself tweeted about Spencer last January, when she snapped a photo of a play performance for him:

Their personal and professional relationship came to an untimely end on August 11. After Williams was unresponsive to knocks on his bedroom door, Spencer, “was able to gain access to Mr. Williams’ bedroom and entered the bedroom to find Mr. Williams clothed in a seated position, unresponsive, with a belt secured around his neck with the other end of the belt wedged between the closed door and the door frame,” Marin County Lieutenant Keith Boyd said Tuesday. He also had several “superficial cuts” on his left wrist and a bloody knife was found near his body.
“Mr. Williams at that time was cool to the touch, with rigor mortis present in all of his extremities, and livor mortis positioned appropriately for the position he was located in,” Boyd continued.
A “distraught” Spencer called 9-1-1 at roughly 11:55 a.m., and police arrived soon after to pronounce Williams dead.
Just a few days before, Williams had been seen battling his demons at an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting in San Francisco.
PHOTOS: Inside The Waterfront Home Where Robin Williams Tragically Died
“He was at a meeting on Saturday,” AA member Argus Hamilton, 58, told the U.K.’s Sun newspaper. “He had got out of rehab and was sober at the meeting.”
As Radar has reported, Williams was a presence at local AA meetings even earlier this year, before deciding to enter rehab at The Lodge at Hazelden Addiction Treatment Center in Minnesota this summer. Reps said at the time that he was looking to “fine-tune” his commitment to sobriety, amid what insiders told Radar were “serious money troubles.”
Lt. Boyd said in Tuesday’s press conference that toxicology reports are expected back in five to six weeks.
Story developing.
If anyone you know, is struggling with thoughts of suicide, please immediately seek help. You can speak with a skilled, trained counselor at a national Suicide Prevention Lifeline crisis center in your area, anytime 24/7 — call 1-800-273-TALK (8255).
FULL COVERAGE:
Shocking Theory: Robin Williams’ Pal Rob Schneider Believes Parkinson’s Disease Medication Could Have Led Star To Suicide
4 Latest Developments In Robin Williams Death: Michael J. Fox Reacts To Parkinson’s Revelation, Gaming Community Moves For Multiple Tributes To Late Actor
Robin Williams’ Haunting Final Photos: Tragic Comedian Was Snapped Looking Somber, Gaunt In San Francisco-Area Gallery Two Days Before Death
Shattered Dream: Robin Williams & Wife Had Hoped To Have Kids Together Before His Suicide, Says Source
Robin Williams Was In The ‘Early Stages’ Of Parkinson’s Disease, Wife Reveals
It Wasn’t A Relapse: Robin Williams Told Wife He ‘Had Nothing To Live For’ Before Suicide — Summer Rehab Stay Was For ‘Deep Depression,’ Claims Source
Robin Williams’ Life Was Scarred By Drugs And Booze—Star Was Haunted By Pal John Belushi’s ‘Speedball’ Overdose
5 Latest Developments In Robin Williams Death: Star ‘Insisted’ On Boozing During Filming Of CBS Show, Dreaded Emotional Investment In Movies
It’s Throwback Time: See Robin Williams’ Childhood Photos
‘The Final Fight Is Over’ — Husband Of The Assistant Who Found Robin Williams’ Body Speaks Out About His ‘Heartbreaking’ Last Days
Robin Williams Was Sleeping Up To 18 Hours A Day — Inside His Dark Depression 
5 Latest Developments In Robin Williams Death: Kids Break Silence, Daughter Deals With Bully Trolls, While Late Night Kings Pays Homage
A Lasting Legacy: Robin Williams Made Plans To Leave His Fortune To His Kids In The Years Before He Died — Inside The Secret Trusts
The Woman Who Discovered Robin Williams’ Body REVEALED — Longtime Assistant & Close Friend Rebecca Erwin Spencer Came Upon The Shocking Death Scene
Commercial Co-Star Fondly Remembers Robin Williams — ‘He Was Very Kind-Hearted & An Incredible Soul’
YouTube Top Ten: Robin Williams’ Most Viewed Clips Will Give Fans A Much-Needed Laugh
Christopher Reeve ‘Wanted To Die’ Until Robin Williams Lifted His Spirits — A Look At Their Extraordinary Friendship
Robin Williams Found With Superficial Cuts On His Wrists & Belt Around His Neck — Sheriff Reveals How Robin Williams Killed Himself
Death Of Robin’s Older Brother Was A Low Point For Williams — Took His Life 7 Years Later, Almost To The Day
Robin Williams’ Hollywood Peers Remember The Late, Great Star Of Film & TV
Tortured Robin Williams Photographed At AA Meeting
Robin Williams Death ‘Apparent Suicide Attempt By Hanging:’ Dispatcher; Actor Didn’t Leave A Note

Robin Williams Death: Daughter’s Tribute, Hoffman Connection & More
Robin Williams Had ‘Serious Money Troubles’ In Months Before His Death, Claims Friend — Was The Pressure Too Much?
A Father’s Love: Robin Williams’ Tragic Last Words To His Beloved Daughter Zelda Williams Revealed
Inside The Waterfront Home Where Robin Williams Tragically Died
In Memoriam: Robin Williams’ Career Was Pure Magic – He Was A Genie After All
Robin Williams Was Gaunt, Subdued, In Haunting Last Image Taken During Summer Rehab Stay — SEE The Disturbing Photo
Coroner Suspects Robin Williams Death ‘To Be A Suicide Due To Asphyxia’ — Read The Police Report /n