Meet Lori Mae Hernandez: The 13-Year-Old America's Got Talent Contestant Who Slammed Donald Trump in Hilarious Standup Act/n

What delivery!  
After Lori Mae Hernandez received a standing ovation for slamming Donald Trump in a hilariously clever standup routine on Tuesday’s episode of America’s Got Talent – the 13-year-old is now opening up to PEOPLE about her inspiration behind the joke.   
“It s such a whirlwind of excitement,” Hernandez says of her performance. “I feel like I ve been shaking ever since I watched it.”  
The California native told the judges that she began doing standup after her dad was diagnosed with Bell’s Palsy.   
“It started to become hard for my dad to smile,” she said.   
After getting praise for her Trump joke, Hernandez explains exactly what she would do if she could vote.  
“If I could vote, there’d be some changes,” Hernandez tells PEOPLE. “Like we have to raise the legal age of the kids menu to include ‘Tweens.’ In fact, why stop there? Who doesn’t love a happy face pancake and some crayons? America’s smart. I know whoever the voter’s pick to be our next president, she’ll do great!”  
Hernandez, who has her own YouTube channel, says that standup is not only her passion, but it’s what makes her   Lori.   
“When people ask you what you want to be when you grow up, I ve always said I want to be an actor, I want to be a writer, I want to be a comedian,” she says. “I ve always said all that crazy stuff, but I want to be happy. This is where I m happy. I want to make people happy. It s weird because when people ask me that now, I m already doing what I want to do.”  
The standup comedian certainly made all four judges smile – despite being a tad bit overwhelmed by Simon Cowell at first.  
“I was pretty nervous about Simon just because he has that whole reputation,” Hernandez says. “He did say the nicest things. He called me the next Tina Fey. I thought he said Cast Away at first. I was thinking,  Am I the next Tom Hanks or Wilson the volleyball?'”  
America’s Got Talent airs Tuesdays at 8 p.m. on NBC.   
/n