Muhammad Ali's Memorial Service Will Be Open To The Public/n

It's a relief to know that Muhammad Ali's adoring fans will have the opportunity to pay their respects.
Just a few days after Muhammad passed away after a longtime battle with Parkinson's disease and other ailments, the boxing champ's spokesperson Bob Gunnell came forward to reveal his memorial details.
Video: Muhammad's Daughter Talks His Last Moments
According to Bob, the icon's memorial is set for this Friday and will be open to the public. To accommodate the athlete's insane amount of supporters, the service will take place at the KFC Center in Louisville, Kentucky and will also stream live online.
In Gunnell's official statement, he revealed: 
"Ali exhibited inclusiveness his entire life and that's the tone they wanted to set. We want this to be inclusive of everyone."
How thoughtful. This move reminds us of when Celine Dion decided to live stream her late husband's funeral service, an act which was very appreciated by her fans.
As for the other details about the ceremony, his wife Lonnie Ali and his oldest daughter Maryum Ali will provide the eulogy. In addition, his good friend John Ramsey, Billy Crystal, sportscaster Bryant Gumbel and former president Bill Clinton will also give minor speeches.
B.G. also went on to mention the remarks will be preceded by a reading from the Quran to pay tribute to Mr. Ali's muslim faith. Representatives from Catholic, Buddhist, Mormon and Jewish faiths will also be present.
Prior to the public service on Friday, there will also be a noon funeral prayer service at Freedom Hall open to everyone. Mr. Gunnell said of the decision:
"Ali belonged to so many communities and people. Certainly the Muslim community feels they have a special relationship with Ali. I think this service is critically important to the global Muslim community."
It's nice to know that Muhammad's family is taking everyone into consideration. The legend's loved ones are obviously doing everything they can to ensure he has a proper send off.
So, do YOU plan on attending the memorial service?
[Image via WENN.]
/n