'Crazy Person!' Teresa SLAMS Jac Laurita Ahead Of Infamous Posche Fashion Show/n
Jacqueline Laurita is so “done” with Teresa Giudice and Melissa Gorga!
On the latest episode of RHONJ, the ladies are still recovering from their trip to Vermont — and things in Jersey will never be the same.
Laurita decided to get back at Siggy Flicker and Dolores Catania for not leaving with her by ignoring their texts. Relationship expert Flicker couldn’t handle it, and Catania decided to brace herself for World War 3. The ladies stopped by the Lauritas to try to work it out — and Laurita declared that she just needed space and isn’t mad at the girls, just at Gorga and Giudice. She decided to cut all ties with them as result of the trip, and Flicker and Catania understand why.
Meanwhile, Gorga is getting ready for the first ever Envy fashion show — but her business partner Jackie Beard Robinson has other news for her. Robinson dropped a bombshell that their online sales are down, and they need to take a new direction. But, she isn’t ready to help — as she’ll be in the Bahamas during Gorga’s big night.
PHOTOS: Jac Under Fire! Laurita Caught In Epic Feud With Teresa Giudice & Melissa Gorga
Joe Gorga decided to stop by the Giudice house to see his sister, and casually drops that he has resentment built up towards Joe Giudice. The Turning the Tables author confessed that she also has anger built at her husband, and that she shouldn’t have full-heartedly trusted him with her paperwork.
Flicker and Gorga then decided to meet up to discuss Vermont (again), and Gorga dissed Flicker for being “stressed out” during the explosive trip.
“We all got thrown under the bus so you don’t get a free pass,” Gorga affirmed.
But Flicker doesn’t see it Gorga’s way, and decided to stick by Laurita’s side on Strippergate.
Laurita and Catania then headed over to the Posche fashion show, where Kim DePaola decided to get to the bottom of the Vermont trip. But before anyone could answer her, she decided to let the group know that the Giudices should divorce over Joe’s “cheating.”
PHOTOS: Too Much Too Soon? Fans SLAM Teresa Giudice For ‘Sexy’ Pics Of 11-Year Old Daughter
Catania later switched sides and went to lunch with Gorga and Giudice with Flicker. When she tried to bring up Laurita and the fashion show, the women immediately shot her down.
But Laurita had other things to talk about, as her husband Chris decided to throw a party to launch his popcorn business. Ashlee and her fiancee Pete also revealed that they were expecting a baby (Holmes gave birth over the summer), and all was right in Laurita’s world again.
The episode took a dark turn with Catania and Giudice decided to go to church in matching black fur coats. Giudice opened up about her marriage, saying she would never leave Joe unless he cheated — and the two women pray as Joe gets ready to go to prison next week.
Tune into RHONJ, Sundays on Bravo.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n