 Heroin Ring Widens: Yet Another Bobbi Kristina Brown Close Pal Arrested For Heroin Possession.../n
After Bobbi Kristina Brown‘s hospitalization, the revelation of her life of drugs shocked the world. But only RadarOnline.com has revealed just how pervasive heroin was in her inner circle. In another bombshell exclusive, Radar has uncovered yet another close friend of Brown’s who was charged with possession of the dangerous drug.
As Radar reported, the 21-year-old’s much older Instagram bestie, 43-year-old Paige Thompson, is serving time in prison after being caught with heroin and intent to sell. But now, Radar can reveal, Thompson’s daughter and Brown’s friend Alexis Norwood was also arrested for charges related to heroin.
According to a police report obtained by Radar, a then-20-year-old Norwood was handcuffed at a Georgia hospital in 2013 after a nurse treating her for a car accident found a baggie of suspected heroin sticking out of her bra.
PHOTOS: Drugs, Death & Arrests—Bobbi Kristina Brown’s 50 Most Shocking Moments
  
“When able to recover the bag from the suspect’s bra, which in turn was a bag of suspected heroin… the witness called police to scene, and at that point handed the narcotics over to police custody,” states the report.
READ THE SHOCKING POLICE REPORT
Ironically, as Thompson’s daughter was read her rights, her possessions were given to her soon-to-be-imprisoned mom at the hospital.
Norwood bypassed jail time after a pre-trial intervention ordered her to undergo random drug testing, community service and alcohol and drug treatment, according to records obtained by Radar, but she still didn’t learn her lesson with the law.
PHOTOS: Bobbi Kristina Brown’s Dark World Of Drugs: Photos Of BFF Who Was Arrested For Possession – Before Her Drowning
Norwood was arrested by Milton police just a few months later for stealing her grandmother’s car and was allegedly found in possession of drug-related objects, according to another police report obtained by Radar.
Ophelia Ward, who previously spoke to Radar about her family’s bond with Brown, called the cops to report her car was stolen before her granddaughter was pulled over for allegedly driving erratically with a suspended license.
And that’s not all that caught the cops’ attention.
PHOTOS: 11 Photos Of Bobbi Kristina Brown & Her Drug Bust BFF
They found “two burnt spoons and three hypodermic needles” along with two male passengers in the car, the report states. Norwood was taken into custody with her passengers.
Norwood’s drug charge was dismissed.
As exclusively reported by Radar, Brown was getting deeper into the Atlanta drug scene before she was admitted to the hospital where she’s now fighting for her life in a coma. According to one insider, she was spending a whopping $5,000 a week on deadly drugs heroin and crack. /n