 Joran van der Sloot Is Still Trying To Get Money From ‘Guardian Angel’ After She Resigned.../n
By Debbie Emery – Radar Reporter
Joran van der Sloot is continuing to try and garner more funds in his desperate bid to avoid the 28 year sentence that was handed down to him on January 13, RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned.
The convicted killer, who confessed to the May 2010 murder of Stephany Flores, is still asking his “guardian angel,” Mary Hamer, for money despite her announcing on Sunday that she was no longer going to support him.
A source exclusively told RadarOnline.com that the 24-year-old Dutchman has been manipulating Hamer to give him more money to pay lawyer fees and pay off prison staff.
PHOTOS: Celebs Involved In Murder
As RadarOnline.com previously reported, Hamer decided to hang up her angel wings and stop supporting Joran after sinking up to $100,000 into his legal campaign.
In the bizarre resignation letter, Hamer addressed, among others, President Obama, Beth Holloway, and Joran himself.
She told Anderson Cooper last week that she did not believe Joran was manipulating her and continued to plead his innocence. But now the American doctor rants in her resignation letter about the U.S. and Peruvian governments, insists that she is now poor having sacrificed her life savings and her fears that Joran will die from a drug overdose.
PHOTOS: Inside Piedras Gordas Prison
As RadarOnline.com previously reported, Joran’s health has deteriorated since being moved to the maximum security prison of Piedras Gordas in northern Lima, Peru following his sentencing.
“His health has suffered and he is not doing well there,” an insider exclusively told RadarOnline.com. “Joran blames the food and the water. He says that he is depressed and feeling weak all the time.”
PHOTOS: Joran Van Der Sloot In Custody
Van der Sloot may have milked his last pennies from Hamer, who announced on Sunday that she has shifted her focus to helping Amir Hekmati, the Iranian-American who was handed a death sentence by the Iranian revolutionary court last month after he was coerced into confessing to charges of espionage.
Follow Radar’s Managing Editor David Perel on Twitter @IMPerel
 
RELATED STORIES:
Joran Van Der Sloot’s ‘Guardian Angel’ Sets Sights On Iranian-American Prisoner
Joran Van Der Sloot’s ‘Guardian Angel’ Hangs Up Her Wings, Resigns From CaseJoran’s Guardian Angel: ‘I Stand For Ethics, Gandhi, Martin Luther King’… And, Van Der Sloot
Joran Van Der Sloot Hoping To Get Out Of Jail In Under Five Years /n