Five Things We Learned From Bill Murray’s Reddit AMA/n





                    Bill Murray Unveils Details About George Clooney's Wedding
                







 We're really jeally of Bill Murray right now...

 MORE >>





Bill Murray had a bunch of weird and interesting things to say in his recent Reddit AMA. And it was awesome.
From party-crashing to how he’s handled fame to an MC Hammer concert, the 65-year-old actor answered (sometimes cryptically) a bevy of fan-submitted questions to promote his upcoming movie, Rock The Kasbah.
Here are just a few things we learned.
1. If he could be on any reality television show, he’d pick Flavor of Love or The Amazing Race
Bill couldn’t help but bring up all the ‘nutty’ women who appeared on Flavor of Love, but then moved on to Amazing Race. “The Amazing Race looks like a lot of fun. You get to go to a bunch of places. It calls on all your skills. I tell people, ‘If you want to get married, travel around the world first.’ ‘Cause then you get to know people better. Its a test of wills to travel. I think The Amazing Race would be fun.”
2. He crashed an MC Hammer concert one time
When answering which of his movies is his favorite, Murray veered off into a story about crashing an MC Hammer concert while filming What About Bob. “We crashed a MC Hammer concert, we’re an hour from Roanoke. We had to find our way back to see the concert. I called CAA and said I want to see this show, I said I’m bringing people. We hired a bus, 55 people completely party all the way to the place get there and bouncers are like “Hey Bill! Aw man how many withchu” and they put us on the side of the stage.”
3. The best party he ever crashed was in the ’70s after the premiere of Tommy
Turns out, when Bill met Andy Warhol, he was kind of a jerk to him. “It was Gilda Radner, Belushi, Harold Ramis, Joe Flaherty, Brian Doyle Murray…Everyone saying hi, hello. And we felt like we didn’t belong at all. It was so fantastic. I have compassion when people say dumb stuff to me. I said to Andy Warhol “I love the soup can” and he looked at me like ‘You don’t belong here.’ What a time that was.”


Bill Murray's Best Golf Fashions








































8 Photos »


4. It’s hard being on a ‘Bill Murray’ level of fame
When asked what the best and worst things are about being Bill Murray, the actor reflected on his immense fame. “The worst thing about it, they’re one in the same: You wish you could walk down the street and look at things and watch things uninterrupted. The shock of being recognized brings you out of this place where you’re just trying to take it in. Its an obligation and you’re reminded you have to show up. It’s a coin with two sides. As much as I don’t like the one side, the other side is what might save me.”
5. Mel Gibson nabbed the role he really wanted to play
Surprisingly, Bill says the ‘one that got away’ was Mel Gibson’s role as Guy Hamilton in The Year of Living Dangerously. “I wasn’t a big shot. Mel Gibson lived in Australia. I’d been to Indonesia and I thought I understood that movie. When I saw it, I was like, damn! That was the only one I wanted I didn’t get. Peter Weir is…something else.”





 
/n