Blake Shelton and Miranda Lambert Surprisingly Reunite for a New Song/n





                    Blake Shelton, Miranda Lambert Didn't Cross Paths at ACM Honor Awards
                







It makes total sense that they'd be less than thrilled about running into each other.

 MORE >>





No matter what, country artists stick together.

Although the former love between Blake Shelton and Miranda Lambert is practically extinct, the pair can put their differences aside to surprisingly record a new song, “Forever Country”
Sure, the song technically isn’t a duet since it joins the likes of other A-list country stars Carrie Underwood and Tim McGraw. The song is in honor of the 50th Annual CMA Awards. But, either way, we can’t be happier that the two are working together!


Miranda Lambert, Anderson East Attend ACM Awards


































5 Photos »


“This is one of those things where you get the phone call …and I really didn’t even ask what the song was. I just said sure, I’d love to be a part of whatever you guys are doing,” Shelton said. “It’s one of those things where you’re just honored to be in with accompanying artists.”
This promotional single is truly a star-studded affair. Other country heavyweights featured on “Forever Country” include Luke Bryan, Keith Urban, and Faith Hill. These are just a few of the 30 artists that collaborated for the song.
“I think country music has always been described as a family and now having been in it for 12 years, I 100 percent agree,” said Lambert. “It’s about the community and friends and relationships you make over the years. It’s really cool that almost everybody that’s part of the project had a duet together or performed together or toured together or something as a combo.”


Blake Shelton, Gwen Stefani Perform at Billboard Music Awards








































10 Photos »


“Forever Country” is an epic mashup of Dolly Parton’s “I Will Always Love You,” Willie Nelson’s “On the Road Again,” and John Denver’s “Take Me Home, Country Roads.” Luckily, CMA Board Member Shane McNally’s involvement helped to make this country magic a reality.
What do you guys think about the star-studded single “Forever Country”? Sound off your thoughts in the comments below and mark your calendars for the 50th Annual CMA Awards Wednesday, Nov. 2 on ABC.
/n