Sting Reopens Paris Theater Bataclan Nearly One Year After Terrorist Attack/n





                    Eagles of Death Metal Screw the Terrorists, We're Back in Paris
                







Eagles of Death Metal returned to Paris with little security

 MORE >>





Just one day before the anniversary of the terrorist attack on Paris’s Bataclan theater, Sting performed at its reopening Saturday night (Nov. 12, 2016), according to The Hollywood Reporter.

The crowd was reportedly subdued as the singer took the stage at 9 p.m. to honor the victims of last year’s attack.
“We’ve got two important things to do tonight.  First, to remember and honor those who lost their lives in the attacks a year ago and to celebrate the life and music of this historic venue,” he told the crowd in French.
After a moment of silence, Sting sang his 1988 song Fragile, which contains the lyrics “Nothing comes from violence and nothing ever could.”
He also dedicated one song, “Fifty Thousand,” to all the musicians that have passed away this year. “David Bowie, Prince, Glenn Frey, Lemmy… and Leonard.” He added the last name after the fans shouted “Leonard Cohen!” at the stage.


A French Pianist Pays Tribute to Those Slain at the Bataclan Cafe








































12 Photos »


Even though filming is technically not allowed at the Bataclan, fans shared moments from the concert anyway.

#BREAKING Sting performs his song “Fragile” at the #Bataclan reopening concert in #Paris pic.twitter.com/WDmWbarBEJ
— Lucid Hurricane™✘ (@LucidHuricane) November 12, 2016

The BBC’s Nick Garnett said Sting transformed the theater back into a concert venue.

Sting transforms The Bataclan back into what it always was. A concert venue. pic.twitter.com/sps9pdsSEx
— Nick Garnett (@NickGarnettBBC) November 12, 2016


Sting himself also shared a photo from the concert on his Instagram.



In re-opening the Bataclan, we have two important tasks to reconcile. First, to remember and honour those who lost their lives in the attack a year ago, and second to celebrate the life and the music that this historic theatre represents. In doing so we hope to respect the memory as well as the life affirming spirit of those who fell. We shall not forget them.
A photo posted by Sting (@theofficialsting) on Nov 12, 2016 at 12:25pm PST



/n