Instant Follow Friday: Willow Smith Is Only 15-Years-Old and Already Cooler than You/n





                    Willow Smith Dropped a Surprise Debut Album Named After Bones
                







Shaking up the system, time after time

 MORE >>





Actress, singer, and the interesting youngest offspring of Will and Jada Smith, Willow Smith has a cooler name than you, and is probably cooler than you period. 
Smith whipped her hair back and forth when she was 9-years-old in 2010 and we’ve been paying attention ever since. And not just because she and her brother, Jaden, are Controversial Young People (ahem, that New York Times T Magazine interview), invariably because they’ve grown up as products of A-list Hollywood. Regardless of what you think about the Smith children (and the elder Smith power couple, too), Willow has some serious music talent.


Instant Follow Friday: Willow Smith's Otherworldly Instagram	








































32 Photos »


She surprise-released her debut album (under just her first name, Willow), Ardipithecus, back in December to much critical acclaim, mixed in with negative reviews too. Regardless, on the 15-track record, Smith is credited as sole songwriter on all but one track, and sole producer on 10 of them.
On the album title, she explained to the Fader in an email interview:
Ardipithecus Ramidus is the scientific name of the first hominid bones found on earth. I wanted to name my musical compilation after it because, while I was making these songs I was in such a transitional state. Digging deep in the soil of my heart and finding bits and pieces of my ancient self that tell stories, which end up being the lyrics to the songs. Ardipithecus is my first album in my entire career and it makes me feel so blessed to be able to share my evolution with the LightEaters as I continue excavating my inner worlds…





According to Deadline, Smith has now signed a competitive contract with UTA. Deadline reports, “The agency will  rep her in music, touring, film, TV, digital, licensing and endorsements, among others.”


Willow Smith's Best Fashion Looks	








































12 Photos »


Lest you forget, Smith’s 2010 debut single, “Whip My Hair,” was a massive success. It was the best-selling debut single from a new artist that year, and it earned her the title of youngest artist ever in the U.S. to have a double platinum single. Other things we can look forward to from Smith: she’s releasing a sock line later this year with Stance Socks.
As for Smith’s social media, one can learn a lot about the I Am Legend actress. For example, she has a penchant for neon saturations:



<VITRA PAM>
A photo posted by ≠ ʍılloW Sɯıʇɥ ≠ (@gweelos) on Jan 16, 2016 at 12:24am PST


She loves fashion:



<FinishedMyPantalones> // #mysteryschool
A photo posted by ≠ ʍılloW Sɯıʇɥ ≠ (@gweelos) on Dec 13, 2015 at 12:25pm PST



And she’s quirky, but that goes without saying:



<yin&yang> // thatbeautifulmomentwhenyourhairblendsintothe FOLIAGE
A photo posted by ≠ ʍılloW Sɯıʇɥ ≠ (@gweelos) on Jan 10, 2016 at 12:02pm PST



Follow Willow on Instagram @gweelos (¯\_(ツ)_/¯) and on Twitter @OfficialWillow.
Check out the gallery above to see the best of Willow Smith’s Instagram.


Willow Smith's Wild Hairstyles	








































7 Photos »


/n