Box Office Battle: ‘Immortals’ vs. ‘J. Edgar’ (POLL)/n





                    Leo & Armie at J Edgar Gala
                







Check out Leo and Armie Hammer at AFI 'J. Edgar' gala

 MORE >>










                    Stars At Immortals Debut
                







See Kellan Lutz & other stars at the 'Immortals' premiere

 MORE >>





 A drama-filled biopic and a fantasy adventure film will face off at the box office this weekend!
With handsome Leonardo DiCaprio portraying the powerful J. Edgar Hoover in J. Edgar and hunks like Kellan Lutz in Immortals, both films are sure to bring much buzz (and swoons!) to theaters this weekend. 
Leonardo Dicaprio’s much-anticipated portrayal of former FBI directer J. Edgar Hoover has been a long time coming. With Oscar buzz swirling around for months about Clint Eastwood’s gritty film on the controversial public and private life of J. Edgar Hoover, Leo is sure to take this risk-taking role and make it his own. 
Also opening this weekend is the fantasy adventure film Immortals starring Mickey Rourke, Frieda Pinto and Mr. Lutz. Based on Greek mythology, the movie tells the story of Greek god Hyperion and Theseus (a mortal man chosen by Zeus) who fights to preserve humanity while King Hyperion aims to destroy it. Check out the trailer below:





Rounding out the list of films, Melancholia, the newest Lars Von Trier flick starring the talented Kirsten Dunst, opens Friday as well. After surmounting controversy at this year’s Cannes Film Festival, Trier has garnered noteworthy buzz in the indie film circuit. Melancholia tells the story of  two sisters who’s strained relationship is challenged when a mysterious new planet threatens to collide with Earth.
 

Kirsten at melancholia premiere








































12 Photos »



Will you watch Leo encapsulate a key figure in J. Edgar? Or will you opt to watch greek gods duke it out in 3D this weekend? Let us know by voting in our poll and sounding off in the comments below! 
/n