The Good Wife Recap: Alicia Goes After What She Wants...And Gets a New Man in the Process Can we please have a moment of continuous applause for Mamie Gummer on The Good Wife? She's been a recurring guest star since season one never dis.../n
Can we please have a moment of continuous applause for Mamie Gummer on The Good Wife? She's been a recurring guest star since season one never disappoints. Nancy Crozier for life! OK, please continue clapping while we talk about how amazing this new Alicia Florrick is. She's been burned so many times, she really doesn't give a damn anymore and it's great.In "Innocents," Lucca gives Alicia one of her bail cases, but it quickly turns into something else. The dude at the center of it all readily admitted to vandalizing the artwork in the museum because he was the subject: it was a nude photo of him as a child taken by his mother. As you can imagine, this childhood photo, which is now famous, haunted Alicia's client for his entire life and was about to rear its head again in a new exhibit. Yadda, yadda, yaddda: they settled. The main point of the case to me was to show how Lucca and Alicia balance each other out.

The case also brought Jason Crouse into The Good Wife orbit.  First, Alicia hired Budget White Kalinda."Do you know Kalinda Sharma?" Alicia asked."No," Budget White Kalinda said."You remind me of her," Alicia replied."I hope that's a good thing," Budget White Kalinda said.Alicia did not answer. BEGIN READING INTO THAT RIGHT NOW. After Budget White Kalinda, Jason was all the more appealing to Alicia. They definitely had a little spark there. He's a little too calm and cool at the moment; you know something's there. Are you already shipping them?White Kalinda screwed up a bunch of times and Alicia fired her. I love pissed off Alicia. Her voice drops an octave and she's so cool. Speaking of pissed off Alicia, that was just one side of Alicia we got this episode. In a bid to get her way (and Eli's way), Alicia basically threatened Peter until she got Eli installed as her campaign manager. "You're being used," Peter told her. "I know. Who isn't?" she coldly replied. Alicia Florrick is firmly planted in the gray area of politics and rather than fight it, she's going with the tide. Eli introduced a plan for her to get back at Frank Landau after he made her give up her State's Attorney seat because of the Democratic Party's voter fraud, and Alicia went for it. No she has a spot on the election board, but the catch is she has to vote "No" on the first vote. What's she voting no on? Frank didn't tell her. And Alicia seemingly agreed. She's playing the game, not getting played anymore. I love this new Alicia Florrick. She's not an anti-hero by any means, but she's not this naïve, spurned wife.

Over in Lockhart, Agos & Lee land, Cary had another encounter with the young gun associate. But young gun—I don't know his name—insists he's not gay."About the other day," he said."Forget it. None issue," Cary said."I want you to know, I'm not gay," young gun said.Maybe he's flexible, like Kalinda? There has to be something here and I am certainly pushing for a gay/bisexual Cary Agos storyline. Don't let me down, Kings! The other story that's totally going to happen involves Cary leaving to rejoin Alicia, right? It seems too obvious, but something's going on there. He's unhappy and he's picking fights with Howard Lyman and it is magic to watch on screen. Please give me more and more and more of this. Howard threatened to cut Cary's balls off and called him a little gerbil! So Cary planted the seed that Howard should be at Diane's Emily's List and that was the last straw for Diane, who was wearing a fabulous Technicolor dream coat. Eventually Howard issued an ultimatum: Either he goes or Cary goes. Bye, Howard. Miss you forever. Please come back, this feud was way too entertaining to end here.What did you think of the new Alicia Florrick? Should she hop into bed with Jason?Gasp count: 1.

Some other things:"I want him," Grace said about Jason. Spoiler alert: Makenzie Vega told me Grace likes Jason. A lot. Hmmmm."I think abortion's great!" Howard is great."Hello. I know you, don't I?" - Nancy"Yes, Nancy. We've been on the opposite side of 12 cases." - Alicia"What was your name again?" - NancyWe need to see this super team of lawyers before the show ends: Alicia, Diane, Nancy Crozier, Patti Nyholm and Elsbeth Tascioni. And they'll argue in front of Ana Gasteyer's judge character. It would be epic, in my opinion.The Good Wife airs Sundays, 9 p.m. on CBS.
/n