Blac Chyna's Lawyer Warns Rob Kardashian: 'Stay Away & Stop Cyberbullying Her'/n
Blac Chyna won her restraining order against ex Rob Kardashian this Monday, and things haven’t stopped there, RadarOnline.com has learned.
While Rob Kardashian is no longer allowed to contact his former fiancée, the two will still share custody of their 8-month-old daughter Dream.
“Chyna is not concerned about Dream being around Rob. She has said he’s a good father, there are nannies around when the baby is with him and she hasn’t had any reason to be concerned,” Bloom explained. “We did not ask for the baby to be part of the restraining order… We just want him to stay away from her and to stop cyberbullying her,” said Chyna’s lawyer, Lisa Bloom.
PHOTOS: Kylie Jenner SLAMS Blac Chyna As Rob Split Drama Explodes
Chyna agreed, saying: “I would never try to take Dream from her dad,” Chyna said of her ex. “Hopefully, me and Rob can learn to have common ground and be the best co-parents as we can be.”
According to Bloom, the former pair will have to agree on a “formalized visitation schedule” for their baby girl.
“Chyna is aware that Rob is the father of her baby. She is not trying to start a war,” she continued. “She just wants herself to be protected and she wants to have some clarity about what the rules are going to be going forward [in regard to] co-parenting,” said the lawyer.
PHOTOS: Naughty Or Nice? Inside Kylie Jenner & Blac Chyna’s Christmas Catfight
According to reports, the restraining order forbids Kardashian from posting anything online that is “of personal nature” to Chyna. This includes photos of her, Dream or Chyna’s 4-year-old son, King, whom she shares with ex-fiancée Tyga.
While Chyna was adamant about getting a restraining order, and has previously stated that he ex physically abused her, she does not expect to file any criminal charges against Kardashian, as of yet.
“For now, Chyna has said she does not want to go to the police or pursue the criminal route,” Bloom shared. “She hired me to go in and get those domestic violence restraining orders, which we did immediately, and if Rob lives up to them, then it will be OK,” assured Bloom.
PHOTOS: Delivery Room Drama! Inside Blac Chyna’s On-Camera Delivery
As Radar previously reported, the former stripper has faced constant backlash after a livid Rob Kardashian posted a series of nude photos of her on his Instagram.
“It’s very sad to me that people trash Chyna because she has a past as an exotic dancer,” said Bloom. “Strippers are human beings. She’s gone on to have a very impressive career. She supports her two children on her own.”
“I’m very tired of all the shaming of women that goes on in this culture because they may have chosen at one time to be sexy or even semi-nude. It is our bodies, it is our choice at all times. I’ve even said that to her when she felt bad about this over the last week,” added the celebrity lawyer.
PHOTOS: Just Like Kim! Blac Chyna Prepping For Raunchy Sex Tape
After having won her battle, Chyna now seeks an apology from her ex.
Bloom said: “Rob’s attorney, on his behalf, said that he’s apologized.”
Kardashian is currently being represented by the infamous Robert Shapiro – who worked with Robert Kardashian Sr. on the O.J. Simpson case of 1995.
PHOTOS: Chyna Cheating Already? See Why Rob Doesn’t Trust His Baby Mama
At the courtroom this Monday, Shapiro stated on behalf of his client: “We apologize and have offered our regrets for what has taken place in the last few days.”
Bloom fired back in defense of Chyna: “I think a real man does an apology himself… I think the appropriate place for him to issue that apology would be on the same social media where he attacked her.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n