Donald Trump Doesn't Understand Why The Civil War Happened — So Twitter Happily Explained!/n

Now that he's president, Donald Trump is asking all the questions people have been too afraid to ask.
Like… why was there a Civil War?
No, really. POTUS actually asked that question — like it was something people had never thought to explore — in a recent interview with the Washington Examiner.
Related: Trump Lies About Crowd Numbers At His Anti-WHCD Rally!
Sitting down with Salena Zito, President Alt-Facts argued that the war might not have happened if Andrew Jackson had still been kicking — as he was the closest to a Trump-like negotiator who could have pulled off a settlement deal between the feuding regions.
Here's the full exchange, revealing Trump's silly little thought process on the subject: 
TRUMP: was a swashbuckler. But when his wife died, did you know he visited her grave everyday? I visited her grave actually because I was in Tennessee.
ZITO: That's right. You were in Tennessee.
TRUMP: And it was amazing. The people of Tennessee are amazing people. They love Andrew Jackson. They love Andrew Jackson in Tennessee.
ZITO: He's fascinating.
TRUMP: I mean, had Andrew Jackson been a little later, you wouldn't have had the Civil War. He was a very tough person, but he had a big heart. He was really angry that he saw what was happening with regard to the Civil War. He said, "There's no reason for this." People don't realize, you know, the Civil War — if you think about it, why? People don't ask that question, but why was there a Civil War? Why could that one not have been worked out?
Okay, well, first off: Jackson couldn't have been "really angry" about what was happening with the Civil War, because he died over a decade (1845) before it began (1861).
Video: Hasan Minhaj Roasts Trump At The 2017 WHCD!
But if we overlook that detail, this isn't the first time Trump said there was really no reason for a major war.
In an interview with Reuters, the Big Cheeto said he didn't understand why the Israelis and the Palestinians have been fighting for all these decades, musing:
"…I want to see peace with Israel and the Palestinians. There is no reason there's not peace between Israel and the Palestinians — none whatsoever. So we're looking at that, and we're also looking at the potential of going to Saudi Arabia."
Really, Donny? A real estate mogul like yourself can't understand the property value of the holy land? Maybe Jared Kushner can explain it to you…
Critics pointed out this gem of Trump mouth garbage was particularly contradictory given his preluding to a "major, major conflict" with North Korea — not to mention, dropping the "Mother Of All Bombs" on Afghanistan, ordering airstrikes on Syria, and pissing off his Russian puppet master Vladimir Putin.
But most who responded on Twitter pointed out the irony in Trump not understanding what the Civil War was actually fought over: slavery.
Ch-ch-check out the reactions to Trump's latest World History fail (below)!

1 word answer: Slavery. Longer: When Andrew Jackson died in 1845 (16 yrs before the Civil War began), he owned 150 men, women and children. https://t.co/Icg6puG2JZ
— Chelsea Clinton (@ChelseaClinton) May 1, 2017


@ChelseaClinton @IndependentlyE If you think Andrew Jackson was mad about the Civil War, you should have heard his thoughts on Vietnam. Not good!
— Ben Hooper (@BenHooperWrites) May 1, 2017


Say what you will about literally every Democrat in the House and Senate, but I'm betting they all know why the Civil War started.
— Franklin Leonard (@franklinleonard) May 1, 2017


The punchline is not the Jackson comment, but Trump's self congratulation on being 1st to ask why the Civil War had to happen
— David Frum (@davidfrum) May 1, 2017


Breaking: White supremacist-loving president grapples with reason for the Civil War, hurts brain.
— Robin Thede (@robinthede) May 1, 2017


Such a shame Frederick Douglass wasn't around back in the 1860s to help Andrew Jackson work out that whole Civil War business.
— Jeffrey Young (@JeffYoung) May 1, 2017

Good morning! Andrew Jackson was a drunken lunatic who caused the Trail of Tears. He was not alive for the Civil War. pic.twitter.com/YaGVaZNPFL
— JenAshleyWright (@JenAshleyWright) May 1, 2017


Don't fourth graders know why we fought the Civil War?
— mike freeman (@mikefreemanNFL) May 1, 2017


I've started a GoFundMe to get to the bottom of that vexing question "why was there the Civil War?" https://t.co/WrtWV2KrRD pic.twitter.com/R7Ds4E4gwh
— Ian Millhiser (@imillhiser) May 1, 2017
Read a book, POTUS!
[Image via C-SPAN.]
/n