New York Prison Escapees Richard Matt and David Sweat Joked About The Shawshank Redemption, Inspector General's Report Says/n
The two prison escapees who tunneled their way out of a New York state prison last year joked about The Shawshank Redemption as they worked on their escape, according to a report released Monday by New York’s inspector general.  
As David Sweat and Richard Matt chipped away at the wall of their tunnel located between two cell blocks of Clinton Correctional Facility last spring, the pair were reminded of the critically acclaimed 1994 film, which tells the story of Andy Dufresne, a man wrongly convicted of murder who spends 20 years tunneling his way out of prison using only a rock hammer.     
“We were laughing and joking about how Andy [Dufresne] did it in 20 years; I think we might be able to do it in 10,” Sweat told investigators, according to the report, which was obtained by PEOPLE.  
Sweat and Matt were on the run for three weeks in upstate New York before Matt was fatally shot by authorities and Sweat was captured.  
Sweat pleaded guilty to criminal charges related to his beak out in November and in February was sentenced to 3 1/2 to 7 years on top of his life without parole sentence.  
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
Report Criticizes ‘Longstanding Lapses in Basic Security Functions’
The 150-page report details Matt and Sweat’s escape plan, which included smuggling in tools from the outside as well as test runs.   
The report also cites alleged longstanding “lapses in basic security functions.”   
The report reads: “These included the failure by officers assigned to the front gate to search employees’ bags entering the prison; night counts of inmates that were conducted negligently or not at all; inadequate cell searches; and poor supervision of inmates and employees by security staff and civilian managers in the tailor shop, among others.”  
According to the report, Sweat said he spent 85 nights cutting an escape path through a system of catwalks and tunnels behind his cell’s walls. Matt allegedly helped Sweat in the tunnels for two nights before they escaped on June 5.  
Sweat would spend up to three hours a night inside the prison walls and pipes, the report says. To get past nightly inspections, Sweat would leave a dummy in his bed. He told investigators he would eat candy bars for dinner as he cut through pipes and walls.  
Matt and Sweat used tools that were allegedly smuggled in by the prison’s seamstress, Joyce “Tillie” Mitchell – who allegedly had a sexual relationship with Matt, the report says. Mitchell claimed she was sexually assaulted by Matt, and said, “If I could take it all back, I would.”  
In September, Mitchell pleaded guilty to helping the pair escape, blaming depression for her actions.   
On the night of their escape, Matt and Sweat went into the tunnels sometime after 11 p.m., leaving dummies and notes in their beds for prison staff.  
“You left me no choice but grow old & die here. I had to do something,” a note left by Matt on a notepad read. As he made his way through the tunnels, Sweat left notes for investigators.  
Letters left for guards by SweatNew York State Inspector General's Office (2)Security guards did not realize Matt and Sweat had escaped until the next morning during a 5:30 a.m. standing count. The guards had reported that they had conducted checks throughout the night but did not suspect anything until the morning.  
By the time guards made the discovery, Matt and Sweat had been on the loose for more than four hours.   
“I almost threw up,” one of the officers who discovered the empty beds told investigators.
/n