EXCLUSIVE! Callie and Arizona Are About to Go to War on Grey's Anatomy All seems to be going well when the exes sit down on neutral territory—a coffee shop—but any promise there might've been for a positive outcome went down the dr.../n
Anyone still holding out hope for a Calzona reunion may want to look away now.While a reunion between Callie (Sara Ramirez) and Arizona (Jessica Capshaw) didn't seem especially forthcoming on Grey's Anatomy—not with Callie's new love Penny (Samantha Sloyan) still in the picture—this exclusive sneak peek at Thursday's new episode has us seriously doubting their ability to even co-parent baby Sofia in peace moving forward.It's clear that Callie's jumping the gun on this whole "follow your girlfriend across the country" thing without considering the whole "daughter whose custody you share with your ex-wife" thing. And Arizona's not pleased. (Be careful, Callie! She's got April's custody lawyer on lock.)

All seems to be going well when the exes sit down on neutral territory—a coffee shop—but any promise there might've been for a positive outcome went down the drain as soon as Callie starts in on apartments and possible schools for Sofia on the east coast. It's enough to send Arizona into a panic.“I need to take a big step backwards. Somewhere, sometime, you heard me say yes to this," she tells her ex-wife. "You heard me say, ‘Yes, please, Callie, take my daughter across the country’ but I never said that.”Eventually, she tells Callie, “Go. Be happy. Have your Penny. You’re just not taking my daughter with you.”Callie shoots back: “Will you please stop saying your daughter?” And with that it's clear we've got a case of biological mom vs. adoptive mom on our hands. Whose rights trump the other? Should it even matter? Something tells us the rest of this season of Grey's Anatomy is going to devote itself to that particular argument.Whose side are you on: Callie's or Arizona's? Sound off in the comments below!Grey's Anatomy airs Thursdays at 8 p.m. on ABC.
/n