Lock Up Your Sons! Taylor Swift Thinking Of Buying A Home In The UK!/n
By Jon Boon – Radar Reporter
Taylor Swift is looking into the possibility of buying a home in London, RadarOnline.com is exclusively reporting.
The We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together singer, who has been in England’s capital promoting her new album, Red, has fallen in love with the bustling city and wants to expand her property portfolio.
Last year, Swift, 22, splashed out $2.5 million on a Nashville, Tenn. mansion and she owns a huge penthouse in central Nashville, as well as a $3.55 million home in Beverly Hills. It was also finally confirmed that the country star DID buy a home in Hyannis Port,  Mass. after months of negotiations.
PHOTOS: Taylor Swift In December’s Cosmo
“Taylor is looking into expanding her property portfolio in Europe and London is one of her preferred destinations,” a source tells RadarOnline.com.
“She loves being in London, just because it’s such a vibrant city and if she had a base there, it would be easier for her to travel around Europe when she’s touring.
PHOTOS: Taylor Swift Is Morphing Into A Kennedy!
“She’s also realist who knows a successful pop career can sometimes be short-lived,” a source says.
“She wants to invest the money that’s pouring in from the amazing success of Red into real property.”
PHOTOS: Taylor Swift Breaks Down After Cancer Telethon
As RadarOnline.com previously reported, Taylor’s relationship with Conor Kennedy may not be over just yet.
The pair still speak on the phone and the serial dater will be performing in front of the Kennedys at December 3’s Ripple of Hope Gala at the Robert F. Kennedy Center, according to The New York Post.
PHOTOS: Taylor Swift And Conor Kennedy Hold Hands At The Beach
It’s unclear if Conor, 18, will be at the event, as he’s currently attending Massachusetts’ Deerfield Academy.
Conor’s grandmother Ethel Kennedy will host the event, slated to be held at the Marriott Marquis in New York’s Times Square, while Alec Baldwin will be the master of ceremonies.
Other stars expected to attend include Melanie Griffith and Antonio Banderas, Matthew Broderick and Mia Farrow.
RELATED STORIES:
Taylor Swift ‘Feels So Bad’ About Plethora Of Exes: ‘Makes Me Really Question What I Stand For’
Taylor Swift Has No Sympathy For John Mayer’s Humiliation Over Slamming Hit Song, ‘Oh, Come On!’
Taylor Swift Doesn’t Feel Guilty About Song Slamming Her Exes, Only Writes About ‘Bad’ People
Taylor Swift Was Dumped By One Direction’s Harry Styles After Short Romance, Left Heartbroken  /n