Ant-Man, John Slattery as Howard Stark, Sebastian Stan as Winter Soldier, Marisa Tomei as Aunt May, Emily VanCamp as Agent 13 and Alfred Woodard as Miriam Sharpe. Additional bonus materials include a gag reel, featurettes on Captain America .../n
Black Widow and The Hulk aren't the only heroes who found love in a hopeless place.Although many of the Avengers grow apart in Captain America: Civil War, two of them manage to grow closer: Vision (Paul Bettany) and Scarlet Witch (Elizabeth Olsen). E! News has an exclusive first look at a bonus feature from the Marvel movie (available on Digital HD Sept. 2 and Blu-ray Sept. 13), in which the stars explain how their characters' relationship was almost predestined."What I love about Vision, he's sort of on his own quest, which is to understand human beings," Bettany says of his character, who was accidentally brought to life via an Infinity Stone in The Avengers: Age of Ultron. "He realizes that loyalty has got to come through love—real loyalty—so I think that he's very intrigued by what love is."

Joe Russo, one of the film's directors, explains it as such: "He's trying to get both sides, to behave in a manner that's acceptable and move forward in a very logical way. It's complicated by the fact that he is starting to experience affection for Scarlet Witch, which is something from the [comic] books that's a great arc for him."To see how Olsen feels about the pairing, watch the video above.



Marvel

Captain America: Civil War boasts a talented and diverse cast of actors that includes Chadwick Boseman as Black Panther, Daniel Brühl as Helmut Zemo, Don Cheadle as War Machine, Hope Davis as Maria Stark, Robert Downey Jr. as Iron Man, Chris Evans as Captain America, Gene Farber as Vasily Karpov, Martin Freeman as Everett K. Ross, Frank Grillo as Crossbones, Tom Holland as Spider-Man, William Hurt as Thaddeus "Thunderbolt" Ross, Scarlett Johansson as Black Widow, John Kani as T'Chaka, Anthony Mackie as Falcon, Jeremy Renner as Hawkeye, Paul Rudd as Ant-Man, John Slattery as Howard Stark, Sebastian Stan as Winter Soldier, Marisa Tomei as Aunt May, Emily VanCamp as Agent 13 and Alfred Woodard as Miriam Sharpe.Additional bonus materials include a gag reel, featurettes on Captain America and Iron Man, never-before-seen deleted scenes and more; the DVD does not include any bonus materials. Fans can also preview Doctor Strange, starring Benedict Cumberbatch, in theaters Nov. 4, 2016.Captain America: Civil War is available Sept. 2 on Digital HD, Digital 3D and Disney Movies Anywhere. It becomes available via Blu-ray 3D, Blu-ray, DVD and On-Demand Sept. 13.
/n