A Guide to the Most-Anticipated Summer and Fall TV Shows of 2016/n





                    Here Are the Top Fall TV Shows, According to the Fans
                







Kevin Can Wait did not rank

 MORE >>





Summer and fall TV is about to make your life (and binge-watching) so much more enjoyable.

We’ve joined heads to uncover the best of both summer and fall TV, from Netflix’s June 17 premiere of Orange Is the New Black to ABC’s August 2 premiere of cult classic Bachelor in Paradise, to new television series’ like The Night Of, Stranger Things and the TV adaption of Lethal Weapon.
See the full list of summer TV show premiere dates in addition to the fall TV show schedule below.
* Indicates a new show.


First Look at Orange Is the New Black, Season 4








































9 Photos »


Summer and Fall TV Shows: Premiere Dates
June
O.J.: Made in America (ABC)* – June 11, Saturdays 9 p.m.
Following on the heels of the successful FX drama The People V. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story, this 5-episode TV mini-series will dive into every aspect of the polarizing, controversial O.J. Simpson murder trial, documenting the rise and fall of the man himself.





Ride with Norman Reedus (AMC)* – June 12, Sundays 10 p.m.
BrainDead (CBS)* – June 13, Mondays 10 p.m.
From the creators of The Good Wife, Robert and Michelle King, BrainDead is a comedy-thriller set in the political world of Washington, D.C in which members of Congress are seemingly getting infected by some kind of bug.





The Amber Rose Show (VH1)* – June 17, Fridays 11 p.m.
Orange Is the New Black (Netflix) – June 17
“This season seems to be on the darker side, from what I can tell from the trailer. I loved last season and how we got to know more of the supporting characters better, and I am looking forward to seeing how they will be included in this season’s storyline in which the prison increases its capacity, there’s tons of tears and eventually a squad of officers wearing riot gear.” – Kaitlyn





Mother, May I Sleep with Danger (Lifetime Movie) – June 18, 8 p.m.
James Franco’s long-awaited reboot of the 1996 cult TV movie premieres on Lifetime at 8 p.m. on Saturday, June 18. Franco’s reboot is a spin on the classic, with a lesbian vampire narrative (*amazing*).





The Fosters (Freeform) – June 20, Mondays 8 p.m.
Real Housewives of Orange County (Bravo) – June 20, Mondays 9 p.m.
Pretty Little Liars (Freeform) – June 21, Tuesdays 8 p.m.
“After every PLL season finale, I declare I’m done with the show. And yet every summer and fall, I’m in front of the TV every Tuesday at 8 pm. It hasn’t officially been announced, but most PLL fans are under the impression that season 7 is going to be its final, and as devastating as that might be, it means we may finally get some answers! I was never really satisfied with Charles/Cece reveal, and I’m hoping that Marlene King comes through for me one last time.” – Jelani
Greenleaf (OWN) – June 21, 10 p.m. (airing Wednesdays, 10 p.m.)
Oprah’s new drama Greenleaf is having its two-night premiere on Tuesday, June 21 (10/9 c) and Wednesday, June 22 (9/8 c).
American Gothic (CBS)* – June 22, Wednesdays 10 p.m.
This new murder-mystery show produced by Steven Spielberg focuses on a Boston family reeling from the discovery that someone close to them is responsible for an infamous string of murders.
Queen of the South (USA)* – June 23,  Wednesdays 10 p.m.
Queen of the South is an adaptation of the successful miniseries La Reina del Sur, about a woman who is forced to run and seek refuge in America after her drug-dealing boyfriend is unexpectedly murdered in Mexico…





The Fundamentals of Caring (Netflix Movie) – June 24
Starring Selena Gomez and Paul Rudd, The Fundamentals of Caring is based on the 2012 novel of same name by Jonathan Evison, in which a man enrolls in a class about care-giving that changes his life perspective.





Ray Donovan (Showtime) – June 26, Sundays 9 p.m.
Roadies (Showtime)* – June 26, Sundays 10 p.m.
This Cameron Crowe-created comedy stars Luke Wilson as a tour manager, and gives an inside look at the reckless, romantic, funny and often poignant lives of a committed group of “roadies,” who live for music and the de facto family they’ve formed along the way.
Dead of Summer (Freeform)* – June 28, Tuesdays 9 p.m
July
Marcella (Netflix)* – July 1
Former detective Marcella Backland returns to the murder squad after her husband leaves her and her two children. She resumes investigating a serial killer case she worked on years earlier.





Marco Polo (Netflix) – July 1





Real Housewives of New Jersey (Bravo) – July 10, Sundays 8 p.m.
The Night Of (HBO) – July 10, Sundays 9 p.m.
“I love a good murder mystery and I love a well done HBO series, so The Night Of really checks all the boxes for a show that I’ll tune into. Based on Criminal Justice, a British drama starring Ben Whishaw on Season 1 and then Maxine Peake on Season 2, the miniseries centers around a man who is accused of murdering a girl on the Upper West Side. As not a lot has been shown in its trailer, the whole ‘whodunnit’ mystery is just THAT much more intriguing.” – Gabi





Difficult People (Hulu) – July 12
“I am just digging in to season one and I am already in love. Billy Eichner’s wit that is displayed on ‘Billy on the Street’ is not lost in his new Hulu comedy series that also stars Julie Klausner. Though the plot about ‘two struggling and jaded New York comedians’ sounds tired on paper, the writing is sharp and exceptionally self-aware. Be prepared to revisit society through the twisted vista of Billy Eichner.” – Mia





Suits (USA) – July 13, Wednesday 9 p.m.
Mr. Robot (USA) – July 13, Wednesday 10 p.m.
“I cannot wait for the return of Mr. Robot. The first season completely blew me away; especially Rami Malek and Christian Slater’s performances. We received two big reveals late in season one of the show— Slater’s character was dead and was Elliot’s [Malik] father, and Carly Chaikin’s character Darlene was revealed to be Elliot’s sister. I can only image what season two is going to bring us. Bring on the disruption of Evil Corp! The second season of Mr. Robot premieres July 13 on USA.” – Michael
Stranger Things (Netflix)* – July 15
Starring Winona Ryder, Stranger Things is set in 1980s Indiana, where a young boy vanishes into thin air.





Ballers (HBO) – July 17, Sundays 10 p.m.
Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson is back for season 2 of the HBO drama about the lives of former and current football players and their handlers.
Vice Principals (HBO)* – July 17, Sundays 10:30 p.m.





Shooter (USA)* – July 19, Tuesdays 10 p.m.
Shooter stars the irresistible Ryan Phillippe, so, there’s that.





Looking: The Movie (HBO Movie) – July 23, Saturday 10 p.m.
Following the short-lived show’s cancellation, Looking: The Movie serves to tie-up loose ends for the group of gay men (including Jonathan Groff, Frankie J. Alvarez and Murray Bartlett) in San Francisco.
BoJack Horseman (Netflix) – July 22
“I happened into first season of Bojack Horseman in a phase of boredom two summers ago, and I took a slow, skeptical liking to the show. By the end of the first season, I was invested, if not necessarily in love. Things got really good in the second season, when Bojack found the right balance of odd humor and thoughtful, empathetic commentary on depression and self-destruction. I hope season three will keep that balance and continue building upon the groundwork laid out during its first two years.” – Matt





August
Bachelor in Paradise (ABC) – August 2, Tuesdays 8 p.m.
“This is a show that I shamelessly watch in the privacy of my room where no one can judge me for entertaining in the sludge that is ‘Bachelor Nation.’ It’s terrible — all of it, from start to finish, but I can’t get enough of the soap opera banter that may or may not be scripted. If you need a show that makes you feel better about your Tinder exchanges, this is the program for you.”– Mia
The Get Down (Netflix)* – August 12
This new musical drama is set in the Bronx in the 1970’s and follows a bunch of ragtag tag teens.





Fear the Walking Dead (AMC) – August 21, Sundays 9 p.m.
Gomorrah (Sundance) – August 24, Wednesdays 10 p.m.
Sundance has acquired the Italian television crime drama series and will begin airing the first season this summer. It’s based on the best-selling non-fiction book by journalist Roberto Saviano, which inspired the film Gomorrah (which won the 2008 Grand Jury Prize at the Cannes Film Festival).
Shut Eye (Hulu)* – August 31
September
Master’s of Sex (Showtime) – September 11, Sundays 10 p.m.
South Park (Comedy Central) – September 14, Wednesdays TBD
Marvel’s Luke Cage (Netflix)* – September 30
“As Marvel expands its partnership with Netflix, it’s going to be interesting to see how they keep things fresh and interesting. This character was a lot of fun in Jessica Jones. I can’t wait to see how they craft his origin story.” – Scott





October
Shameless (Showtime) – October 2, Sundays 9 p.m.
November
The Crown (Netflix) – November 4
The Crown is a biographical drama about the U.K.’s royal family. It will trace the life of Queen Elizabeth II from her wedding in 1947 to the present day, and is expected to span 60 episodes over six seasons with Claire Foy as the lead.





The Affair (Showtime) – November 20, 10 p.m.
Fall TV Shows: Premiere Dates TBA
Streaming
Transparent (Amazon)
Word on the street is Caitlyn Jenner will be joining Season 3 of Transparent. (It was inevitable, to be honest). There’s no release date for the Amazon show, so stay tuned.
Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life (Netflix)
“As a longtime fan of Gilmore Girls — not to date myself, but I watched the original run live on The WB/CW — the news that Amy Sherman-Palladino has at last been given the chance to fulfill her ultimate vision for the show she created and oversaw for six years fills me with deep anticipation and joy. I have no idea what’s in store for Lorelai and Rory Gilmore almost a decade after they went off the air, but whatever’s coming, I’m “all in,” as Luke Danes would say.” – Matt


Check Out the First Photos from Netflix's 'Gilmore Girls' Reboot 








































7 Photos »


 
Network Television
MONDAY
8:00
Dancing With the Stars (ABC)
The Big Bang Theory (CBS) (note: moves back to Thursdays at 8 p.m. in October; Kevin Can Wait will take over timeslot)
Supergirl (CW)
Supergirl (now on the CW) stars Melissa Benoist, and season 2 has many new characters from the DC world joining the cast, from Lux Luthor’s sister Lena Luthor to head of the National City Science Police Maggie Sawyer.





Gotham (Fox)
The Voice (NBC)
8:30
Kevin Can Wait (CBS)* (note: Man With a Plan takes over timeslot in October)
9 p.m.
2 Broke Girls (CBS)
Jane the Virgin (CW)
Lucifer (Fox)
9:30 p.m.
The Odd Couple (CBS)
10 p.m.
Conviction (ABC)*
Conviction stars Hayley Atwell as an attorney, who is also the daughter of a former U.S. president. She is blackmailed to head up LA’s new Conviction Integrity Unit.





Scorpion (CBS)
Timeless (NBC)*
Malcolm Barrett, Claudia Doumit, and Matt Frewer star as a trio travel through time battling unknown criminals in order to protect history as we know it.





TUESDAY
8 p.m.
The Middle (ABC)
NCIS (CBS)
The Flash (CW)
Brooklyn Nine-Nine (Fox)
The Voice (NBC)
8:30 p.m.
American Housewife (ABC)*
In the new sitcom American Housewife, Katy Mixon stars as a confident mother of three living in the wealthy town of Westport, Connecticut, filled with “perfect” mommies and their “perfect” offspring.





New Girl (Fox)
9 p.m.
Fresh Off the Boat (ABC)
Bull (CBS)*





No Tomorrow (CW)*
No Tomorrow is a romantic fantasy comedy-drama series based on the Brazilian series Como Aproveitar o Fim do Mundo (How To Enjoy The End Of The World), in which a woman becomes involved with a free-spirited guy who inspires her to make an “apocalyst,” a list of things to do before the world ends.





Scream Queens (Fox)
This Is Us (NBC)*
From the writers of Crazy, Stupid, Love, This Is Us stars Mandy Moore and Milo Ventimiglia (swoon) and many more, and follows how their lives intertwine and paths cross in unexpected ways.





9:30 p.m.
The Real O’Neals (ABC)
10 p.m.
Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. (ABC)
NCIS: New Orleans (CBS)
Chicago Fire (NBC)
WEDNESDAY
8 p.m.
The Goldbergs (ABC)
Survivor (CBS)
Arrow (CW)
Lethal Weapon (Fox)*





Blindspot (NBC)
8:30 p.m.
Speechless (ABC)





9 p.m.
Modern Family (ABC)
Criminal Minds (CBS)
Frequency (CW)*





Empire (Fox)
“Who fell off the building to their implied death? Rhonda or Boo Boo Kitty? Or both? While Empire was kind of all over the place the first half of last season, the show found its focus again in the second half? Will Lucious and Cookie find love again, or are they destined to remain adversaries? We will have to wait and see.” – Michael
 Law & Order: SVU (NBC)
9:30 p.m.
Black-ish (ABC)
10 p.m.
Designated Survivor (ABC)*





Code Black (CBS)
Chicago P.D. (NBC)
THURSDAY
8 p.m.
Grey’s Anatomy (ABC)
Thursday Night Football (CBS) (all night) (note: The Big Bang Theory, The Great Indoors*, Mom, Life in Pieces, and Pure Genius* will all join CBS’ schedule on Oct. 27, once Thursday Night Football is over)
DC’s Legends of Tomorrow (CW)
Rosewood (Fox)
Superstore (NBC)
8:30 p.m.
The Good Place (NBC)*
The Good Place is a fantasy comedy starring Kristen Bell and Ted Danson and centers on a Nwe Jersey woman who comes to realize that she hasn’t been a very good person.





9 p.m.
Notorious (ABC)*
Inspired by the true-life stories of famed criminal defense attorney Mark Geragos, Notorious takes a hard look at criminal justice and the media.





Supernatural (CW)
Pitch (Fox)* (note: Originally, Bones was set to begin its final season here in the fall. Instead, Fox moved up the buzzy new baseball drama Pitch to fall, pushing Bones into winter and event series Prison Break into spring.)





Chicago Med (NBC)
10 p.m.
How to Get Away With Murder (ABC)
The Blacklist (NBC)
FRIDAY
8 p.m.
Last Man Standing (ABC)
MacGyver (CBS)*
The Vampire Diaries (CW)
Hell’s Kitchen (Fox)
Caught on Camera with Nick Cannon (NBC)*
8:30 p.m.
Dr. Ken (ABC)
9 p.m.
Shark Tank (ABC)
Hawaii Five-0 (CBS)
Crazy Ex-Girlfriend (CW)
The Exorcist (Fox)*





Grimm (NBC)
10 p.m.
20/20 (ABC)
Blue Bloods (CBS)
Dateline (NBC)
SUNDAY
8 p.m.
Once Upon a Time (ABC)
NCIS: LA (CBS)
The Simpsons (Fox)
Sunday Night Football (NBC) (all night)
8:30 p.m.
Son of Zorn (Fox)*
At once animated and live-action, Son of Zorn features the voice of Jason Sudeikis and follows an animated warrior from a faraway island in the Pacific Ocean.





9 p.m.
Secrets and Lies (ABC)
Madam Secretary (CBS)
Family Guy (Fox)
“I cringe almost as often as I laugh with this show but it keeps me coming back season after season. This ridiculous comedy continually finds new ways to make a joke, whether it’s playing on our expectations, or trying to convince us they are the laziest TV writers in the world, but somehow it works.” – Scott
9:30 p.m.
The Last Man on Earth (Fox)
“This is possibly one of the most underrated comedies of all time. Will Forte is hilarious — even when he’s playing a semi-sociopath — and I adore him with all my heart. I’ve also loved basically everything Phil Lord and Christopher Miller have every worked on so I’m probably not going to stop now. This one’s my Ride or Die on Sunday nights (or maybe until FOX decides to give us a ‘Bob’s Burgers’ Season 7 premiere date.” – Gabi
10 p.m.
Quantico (ABC)
Elementary (CBS)


Paul Wesley, Ian Somerhalder, Gina Rodriguez and More at CW Upfronts 2016	








































8 Photos »


/n