Brrr! Make-Up Free Katie Holmes Braves The Cold In Manhattan/n
She was recently named one of the sexiest women of the millennium by GQ, but Katie Holmes looked washed-out and nearly unrecognizable while running errands in Manhattan on Thursday, and RadarOnline.com has the pics of the au natural beauty.
As temperatures hovered in the twenties, Holmes kept it simple by wearing no makeup and by having her hair tucked under a black hat as she walked the streets in a long black wool coat over a grey T-Shirt and black boots. The 34-year-old former Mrs. Tom Cruise was alone and without her 6-year-old daughter Suri.
PHOTOS: Make-Up Free Katie Holmes Runs Errands In Manhattan
Now that her Broadway play Dead Accounts as closed early due after less-than-stellar reviews, Holmes will, no doubt, have more time to focus on her fashion label Holmes & Yang.
Last season, the line that she co-designs with her stylist Jeanne Yang, made its New York Fashion Week debut to mixed reviews.
PHOTOS: Katie Holmes Dazzles At Opening Night Of Dead Accounts
As RadarOnline.com previously reported, earlier this month, Holmes was named one of the sexiest women of the millennium by GQ, which cited a topless scene she shot for the movie The Gift – a film shot while still starring on Dawson’s Creek!
As GQ describes the movie The Gift, Holmes “sleeps with the whole small town.” And about her topless scene, the site writes: “We bet, after the auditing equipment has been put up on the shelf and the Sea Org servants are all asleep, Tom Cruise likes to cue up this scene.”
PHOTOS: Best, Worst & Most Shocking Celebrity Nude Scenes
Ok, funny, we admit, but Katie is still in very hot company on this list, joining Halle Berry,Jennifer Aniston, Kate Upton and other superhot stars.
There were also some surprises on the list including Amanda Knox and Jenna Bush.
PHOTOS: Hollywood Stars Who Are Scientologists
Sienna Miller is featured in a definitely NSFW photo.
And yes, no list would be complete without Megan Fox.
RELATED STORIES:
Must-See Movie Blooper: Megan Fox Cracks Up As Co-Star Jiggles Her Boobs
Naked Katie Holmes Named One Of The Sexiest Women Of The Millennium
Katie Holmes Makes Surprise Appearance At Murder Trial
Is That Champagne Sienna? Pregnant Miller Enjoys a Drink /n