the physically challenging scenes with her massive black wings. "She made me do yoga," the 38-year-old star said of her longtime stunt coordinator Eunice Huthart, who emphasized the workout in order to strengthen the fit star'.../n
Angelina Jolie can fly!Technically, the mother of six can soar as Maleficent, as shown in the Disney film's latest trailer, which features the actress showing off her scary side as the Sleeping Beauty villain.  "Well well, I shall bestow a gift on the child," the horned Maleficent says in a menacing tone before placing a curse on the infant Princess Aurora. "Before the sun sets on her 16th birthday, she will fall into a sleep like death."The latest clip for the fantasy flick, which tells the tale of Sleeping Beauty from the perspective of Maleficent and the events that lead her to curse Aurora, then shows the princess and the Mistress of All Evil talking in the forest together.

"All the other fairies fly, why don't you?" Aurora (Elle Fanning) asks Maleficent. "I had wings once, they were strong," the villainess replies as the clip cuts to Jolie soaring high in the sky. "But they were stolen from me. There is evil in this world. Hatred and revenge."An epic battle then ensues between the good and the evil as Maleficent is shown with her wings intact while looking more powerful and ominous than ever."Is it true? Are you Maleficent?" Sleeping Beauty says with terror in her eyes as the winged beauty touches an evil finger to her lips.

Jolie most recently opened up about the popular workout she reluctantly agreed to in order to pull off the physically challenging scenes with her massive black wings."She made me do yoga," the 38-year-old star said of her longtime stunt coordinator Eunice Huthart, who emphasized the workout in order to strengthen the fit star's core. "And I have no patience for yoga. It's not something I do easily, because I'm not a still person. But I was forced to do yoga because [to fly] you have to have your core strength to be able to hold yourself."Maleficent hits theaters on May 30, 2014.
/n