Lyle Menendez Breaks His 20-Year Silence On Killing His Parents — Declares No 'River Of Tears' Can Change What He Did/n

We have chills!
On Wednesday, ABC News released eerie new quotes from a phone interview with convicted murdered Lyle Menendez.
The creepy bit will be featured in the upcoming documentary Truth and Lies: The Menendez Brothers.
Related: Teen Arrested For Murdering His Parents Over A House Party
For those who don't remember, in 1996 Lyle and his younger brother Erik Menendez were convicted of fatally shooting their parents in the family's Beverly Hills home. The case gained infamy due to the brutal nature of the slayings in addition to the family's wealth and social prominence.
While the brothers were initially not suspects in the murders, their strange behavior following the tragedy (frivolously spending their parents money, expressing a lack of appropriate emotions, etc.) came to a head when Erik confessed the killings to his  therapist. The teens were subsequently arrested and convicted following a 1994 mistrial.
Over the years, there has been an ongoing debate about why the brothers viciously killed their parents. Though some people assume the motive to be money, others believe Erik and Lyle committed the crimes in response to alleged sexual abused by their father.
No matter what side you're on, followers of the case are definitely going to be intrigued by Lyle's first interview in TWO DECADES. The last time the older brother spoke out was in a jailhouse conversation with Barbara Walters.
According to the perp, the crimes are now "unimaginable" and "shocking". It's a big change from the cocky teen cruising around Beverly Hills shortly after the slayings.
Mr. Menendez revealed:

"It's shocking to think … that I could have been involved in taking anyone's life — and my parents' life… it seems unimaginable because it seems so far removed from who I am. But I found that my own childhood prepared me surprisingly well for the chaos of prison life."
Well, we guess the 48-year-old has had time to dissociate from the killings given all the time that has passed…
Related: Rich Texas Teen Kills His Parents
As for any indications of remorse, Lyle was pretty matter of fact yet also somewhat maudlin about his feelings, revealing:

"I am the kid that did kill his parents, and no river of tears has changed that and no amount of regret has changed it. I accept that. You are often defined by a few moments of your life, but that's not who you are in your life, you know. Your life is your totality of it… You can't change it. You just, you're stuck with the decisions you made."
The criminal added:

"I'm very different than I was as a late teen, simply by way of the fact that just a huge weight off my shoulders having gone through this trial, having been able to talk about what happened in my family. I don't live for the future now. I just sort of—I just take each day, short-term goals. My life is a struggle [to] not to be defined by what happened. I'm at peace with my life growing up. I'm at peace with it, because I've just sort of accepted [that] it's okay not to understand."
Inneresting. This will definitely be a controversial and intriguing exposé. Even if Erik chose not to participate.
You can catch the doc in full on January 5 at 9 p.m. EST on ABC.
[Image via ABC.]
/n