 Nicole Brown Simpson Was Involved In Drug-Fueled Parties & Steamy Affairs Before Death.../n
Before her tragic death in 1994, Nicole Brown Simpson was a party girl who had wild affairs throughout her marriage to fallen football star O.J. Simpson, the National ENQUIRER claims. Find out all her secrets in National Enquirer Investigates, a gripping new docuseries on REELZ Channel!
Self-confessed former drug dealer Rayce Newman pegged Nicole Brown Simpson as a “party animal.”
“I saw her dancing at clubs,” he said. “She was into coke and good-looking guys.”
Meanwhile, she was still sleeping with Simpson because “the sex was incredible,” she wrote to her pal Cora Fishman. However, there was a violent side to their trysts that Nicole found increasingly frightening.
PHOTOS: The 10 Most Sensational Celebrity Murder Cases
And the dark specter of an explosive O.J. continued to hang ominously over the rest of Nicole’s life. On June 7, 1994 – just a few days before her death – she sought protection at Sojourn center, a California battered woman’s shelter, telling staffers that Simpson was stalking her. She was frightened about what he would do next.
In her safe-deposit box, Nicole hid pictures of her bruised face, excerpts from her diary and letters of apology from her abusive ex-husband – hoping the evidence would bring him to justice if he ever ended her life.
Sadly, she was wrong.
****
During O.J. Simpson’s Trial of the Century, his houseguest Brian “Kato” Kaelin captivated America with his good looks and boyish charm. But Kato’s former fiancée paints the wannabe actor as a cad whose head swelled with his “15 minutes of fame” and was quick to turn on his onetime friends O.J. and Nicole Brown Simpson.
“I loved Kato like no other guy,” said his ex- flame Brittany McCrena. “But our relationship ended because he was so mean and insecure. He’s still both of those things, only worse.”
Kato, now 57, became a big player in one of the nation’s most sensational real-life crime dramas after meeting Nicole in Aspen around New Year’s 1993. In the spring, he moved into a guesthouse on her property, paying her $400 a month in cash or baby- sitting duties for rent.
“Kato had set himself up in fine style,” recalled model/actress Brittany in an exclusive interview in March 1995. “The door to his guest house opened onto a small patio next to the pool. It was a tiny room, but cozy.”
PHOTOS: Celebs Involved in Murder
Brittany added that she was stunned when she spotted Nicole sun-bathing topless by the pool.
Bigheaded Kato boasted the blonde beauty did it to entice him. But Brittany recalls him saying: “if she’s trying to seduce me, she’s going about it the wrong way. She’s too obvious.
I’m not into bimbos – and there’s O.J. to worry about.”
But still, he flirted with her – and was even caught holding Nicole’s hand. Despite his denials, there was a lot of talk they ended up in bed!
PHOTOS: Bodyguards Gone Wild! Drugs, Murder, Assault & Other Crimes Committed By Hollywood’s Hired Muscle
Meanwhile, Kato managed to befriend O.J. and jumped at the chance to upgrade from Nicole’s place to a bungalow at the football legend’s $7 million mansion.
“Kato’s a worm,” fumed one of Nicole’s friends. “Nicole felt that Kato defecting to O.J. was the ultimate betrayal – and he owed her the equivalent of four months’ rent when he left!”
The friend adds that Nicole became convinced that Kato was spying on her for O.J.
“She believed he was trying to check out her lovers for O.J.,” said the friend. “She never spoke to him again.”
PHOTOS: Most Notorious American Murder Trials
That was OK with Kato! He enjoyed basking in O.J.’s star-power. Brittany says he used to brag about living in the mansion and even used it as a pick-up line, telling girls that he was an actor who was working on some film projects with Simpson – then asked if they wanted to meet him.
But when things went south for O.J., Kato was quick to turn his back on his onetime pal. In a series of bombshell audiotapes, he blabbed about how Nicole taunted O.J. over his waning sexual prowess and that the star grew angry the night.
He also infuriated O.J. by refusing to give him an airtight alibi for the murders.
After Kato burst into the public’s consciousness off the back of those horrific events, Brittany accused him of coldheartedly cashing in on the deaths of Nicole and Ron Goldman.
PHOTOS: The Most Infamous Cold Case Murders
She says Kato – who has continued a sputtering career as a small-time actor – replied: “Life is short, doll face. Opportunities only come around once in a lifetime, and I’ve got to take them when they do.
Football star Marcus Allen was also allegedly having a sneaky red-hot affair with his good buddy’s ex- wife Nicole – and the backdoor fling sent O.J. into a murderous rage, sources believe! The blonde vixen’s best pal Faye Resnick and Goldman family attorney Daniel Petrocelli both believe that Nicole and Marcus carried on an affair, he has vehemently denied it.
“At the very end, Simpson and Nicole were at war with each other, and I think Marcus Allen was the way she struck back at him,” said Petrocelli. “Every time I spoke to witnesses close to Simpson, it always came back to Marcus Allen.”
Marcus, now 56, and O.J. both starred at the University of Southern California.
PHOTOS: Serial Killers In A Skirt — 30 Cold Blooded Murderers Who Are Women
Simpson was like a mentor to the younger running back, who was even more dashing than O.J.
Despite his friendship with Simpson, Marcus and Nicole maintained a flirty relationship during her marriage. Sources say it grew into something more after her divorce from O.J.
“Nicole had started dating guys, and Marcus confessed that he’d always had a crush on her,” said one of the curvy stunner’s pals. “They soon began a secret affair…and only a few of Nicole’s close friends knew about it.”
Meanwhile, Nicole went through a string of lovers. Still, sources say she continued seeing Marcus and Simpson until Allen met his future wife, Nike model Kathryn Eickstaedt.
PHOTOS: Killer Moms! 15 Cold-Blooded Women Who Murdered Their Own Kids
However, barmaid Lysa Greer told a prosecution investigator she saw Nicole “all over” Allen during a wild night out in the bar area of L.A.’s Gotham Hall. It was about six months before Nicole was murdered. Greer said Nicole sat on Marcus’ lap all night and that their interaction “was more than just flirting. It was heavy-duty stuff.” She added: “I kept thinking, ‘I wonder what O.J. would do if he found out about this?'”
Look into the secret files of the most feared newsroom in America — as The National ENQUIRER exposes the real story behind Hollywood’s wildest scandals and sensational crimes, in National Enquirer Investigates! This week, find out if O.J. Simpson really killed Nicole Brown Simpson and Ron Goldman, Saturday night at 9 ET/PT on REELZ Channel. /n