'RHONY' Star Carole Radziwill Splits From Boytoy Beau?/n
The Real Housewives of New York has seen plenty of drama lately as Luann De Lesseps split from husband Tom D’Agostino Jr. after just eight months of marriage.
Now it looks like her co-star Carole Radziwill might also be footloose again.
Journalist and book author Radziwill, 53, has reportedly unfollowed her boyfriend, chef Adam Kenworthy, 32, on Instagram, stoking rumors that they’ve split up.
PHOTOS: ‘RHONY’ Fakery REVEALED — Something’s Rotten In The Big Apple!
Still, a source told US Weekly, “They didn’t quite break up. They are still together all the time.
“They are still friends. They aren’t as close as they used to be.”
But being unfollowed on social media is often the kiss of death in a relationship, and the New York housewives haven’t been faring well in love.
PHOTOS: Bethenny Frankel Suffers A Humiliating Wardrobe Malfunction In Miami
As Radar has reported, De Lesseps stunned fans when she broke up with D’Agostino,the marriage ending before it even got started.
Radziwill’s co-star Dorinda Medley, while talking to Heather McDonald on her podcast Juicy Scoop, claimed she’d heard that Kenworthy has a dating profile up on the Bumble app, a charge the chef has denied.
RHONY fans have seen Radziwill’s young beau move out of her apartment during an episode of the Bravo reality show, though.
PHOTOS: ‘RHONY’ Star Luann De Lesseps’ Ceremony Secrets Exposed
Radziwill told costar Bethenny Frankel on camera, “I’m happy that he found that place. It’s time for him to have his own place. I’m not sad. I think six months of living together was a lot for me, you know?”
But Radziwill, who is the widow of Jackie Kennedy’s late nephew, Anthony Radziwill, was seen with Kenworthy on the season 9 finale episode of RHONY on Wednesday.
As Radar has previously reported, the May-December couple has been seen lounging at a beach club looking very cozy despite their age difference.
PHOTOS: Luann De Lesseps ‘Pissed’ At Jill Zarin For Destroying Her Wedding
As cougar talk circulated about Carole, they didn’t have a care in the world while partying in Puerto Rico.
However, she told the cameras on her reality show about Kenworthy, “Living together, our relationship evolved past the point where either of us felt comfortable. I didn’t want to keep reminding him to pick up his socks. I’m not that girl.”
In an odd twist, Kenworthy had previously dated Radziwill’s costar De Lesseps’ niece.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n