2013 Album Anticipation Showdown: Five Reasons We’re Excited for Kanye West’s ‘Yeezus’/n
Is Kanye West’s Yeezus the 2013 album you’re anticipating most? Let us know by voting below. Return each day this week for a new feature on one of our most anticipated albums. Next week, we’ll open up voting for forthcoming female albums we’re excited to hear.
Vote now for your most anticipated male album of 2013. After the poll, read on to find out why we’re excited for Kanye’s Yeezus, out this week!

Five Reasons We’re Excited for Kanye West’s Yeezus
1) Kanye’s last album, My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy, was universally hailed as a masterpiece. We keep songs like “Monster,” “Power,” and “All of the Lights” in regular rotation. That album will be tough to top, but we’re interested to see if he can do it. (He’s Kanye, so the odds are in his favor. The trajectory of his output, quality-wise, is impressive.)

2) The collaborations! Daft Punk! Chief Keef! Justin Vernon (who also appeared on MBDTW)! We’re especially excited about Daft Punk, because DAFT PUNK!

3) The samples! Kanye is a master at incorporating samples into his music, and we’re stoked to hear what he’s done with Billie Holiday’s “Strange Fruit.”

4) The hype. Even if, perhaps, Kanye’s music isn’t your favorite, you have to admit you’re at least a little curious to hear what he’s bringing to the table. For his part, Kanye is a master at piquing interest in his projects. From the innovative ways he debuted new material to his polarizing New York Times interview, he’s made Yeezus an event. Will the music live up to the hype? It’s up to each individual to decide, but all signs point to…

5) Perhaps, perhaps, perhaps, there will be some insight into his relationship with Kim Kardashian? We doubt it, but it would be interesting. Very interesting. *Strokes chin.*

See the album’s complete tracklisting at Directlyrics.
Don’t forget to vote for your most anticipated male album above. Return each day this week for a feature on each of the participating albums!
/n