10 Reasons Why Benedict Cumberbatch Rules the Internet/n





                    Here’s Benedict Cumberbatch Bonding with a Pooch on the Set of ‘Sherlock’ 
                







He has a very special co-star...

 MORE >>










                    Get Ready for Benedict Cumberbatch to Steal Christmas as the Grinch
                







From Doctor Strange to the mean green one!

 MORE >>





Benedict Cumberbatch turns 40 today (July 19, 2016), and the beloved British actor’s giant Internet fandom is probably celebrating with memes and Gifs galore.

The Sherlock star seems to make the Internet go crazy with everything he does, whether it’s photobombing on the red carpet, doing eerily accurate impressions of Alan Rickman, or just having the most mispronounce-able name in Hollywood. He’s easily made it to Tumblr’s Top 5 Reblogged Actors list for the past two years.
In honor of Benedict Cumberbatch’s special day, we’re honoring the King of the Internet with 10 of his best Internet-breaking moments:
 
The Photobombs
“Cumberbombing” first became a thing when Cumberbatch photobombed a picture of U2 on the 2014 Oscars red carpet. And then it really became a thing when he did it again during the actual 2014 Oscars when Ellen DeGeneres tried to take a selfie with Chiwetel Ejiofor, and then again during the 2015 Golden Globes when Meryl Streep and Margaret Cho were taking a photo. Thus the Internet was spurred into photoshopping frenzy.
 




CREDIT: Getty Images





The Memes
Because of “cumberbombing,” Benedict Cumberbatch gracefully made his way into many popular TV and movie scenes and reblog-able memes. Tumblr quickly found its newest hit.





CREDIT: taylormade-original.tumblr.com







CREDIT: perchance-rampancy.tumblr.com


The Name Misspellings
Having one of the most easily-butchered names in Hollywood can also make you a huge Internet star. These photos of Benedict Cumberbatch’s name completely misspelled into the most far-fetched variations in the Washington Post and in the University of Sheffield’s Forge Press have made the Internet go crazy.





CREDIT: Huffington Post







CREDIT: Instagram/@doctor_can_you_sonic_me


The Cumberbaby
When Benedict Cumberbatch and wife Sophie Hunter welcomed a baby boy named Christopher Carlton Cumberbatch in June 2015, the Internet spiraled into baby-naming and meme-making. Tongue-twister names were suggested on Twitter with the hashtag #CumberbatchBabyNames, and #Cumberbaby quickly began trending on Tumblr.


Queue Cumberbatch  #CumberbatchBabyNames
— Lolo (@LittleLoisRawr) June 14, 2015



Bumblesnoot Boogersnot #CumberbatchBabyNames
— HeidiHeigh (@hurleystammy) June 15, 2015

The Way He Says Penguins
While people have trouble pronouncing his name, Cumberbatch has even more trouble pronouncing “penguins” in a video of him narrating a BBC documentary about the South Pacific. Watch him confront his mispronunciations on The Graham Norton Show at 3:20.



Here’s Benedict Cumberbatch Bonding with a Pooch	








































13 Photos »


The Interpretative Readings
Cumberbatch visited Jimmy Kimmel Live and did a spoken word reading of the lyrics to R. Kelly’s song, “Genius.” The video is extremely charming and uncomfortable, the perfect combination for Internet success.

The Tom Hiddleston Bromance
Before Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston became Hiddleswift, there was Benedict Cumberbatch and Tom Hiddleston, and dare we say that their ultimate bromance makes them the cuter couple. The pair’s chemistry in an interview for their film War Horse is too much handle. Watch their beautiful relationship unfold:

The Dance Moves
Cumberbatch is always giving us more than enough material to make dance videos of him and circle them around the Internet. Please enjoy some of his most gif-able dance moments below:



The Impressions
Cumberbatch’s famous Alan Rickman impression is not the only he has up his sleeve. He can knock out hilarious impressions of Sean Connery, Jack Nicholson, Owen Wilson, and even of his best bud Hiddleston in all less than 60 seconds.


Happy birthday Benedict Cumberbatch!


Benedict Cumberbatch and Fiancee Sophie Hunter Make Their Red Carpet Debut	








































6 Photos »


/n