Christina El Moussa’s New Boyfriend Witnessed Her Alarming Confrontation with Estranged Husband/n





                    'Flip or Flop' Stars Dating Other People
                







Tarek and Christina El Moussa are speaking out about their split

 MORE >>





Flip or Flop star Christina El Moussa’s new boyfriend, Gary Anderson, was present during her alarming fight with her husband Tarek El Moussa, according to TMZ.
Police say Anderson witnessed Tarek run out of his back door and into the woods. Anderson says Christina told him that Tarek had a gun. Police say they received a report of a “possibly suicidal man with a gun” in May of 2016.
Anderson is a contractor who has worked with El Moussa before, and was at the home of one of their neighbors when he saw Tarek leave, TMZ reports. A few months after the incident, he and Christina started dating.
Tarek, meanwhile, has made his first public social media posts since news of the split broke, according to People. He shared an update via an Instagram photo of himself and six-year-old daughter, Taylor.
“Me and the #love of my life #crushing it!!!” He wrote, “It’s been a #crazy few days, but we #love our kids soooo #much!! My #heart and #soul.”



Me and the #love of my life #crushing it!!! It’s been a #crazy few days but we #love our kids soooo #much!! My #heart and #soul
A photo posted by Tarek El Moussa (@therealtarekelmoussa) on Dec 14, 2016 at 8:09pm PST



In a statement to People, the couple said their separation was “in the best interests of our children and the best way to determine a path forward.” They also called the police incident in May “an unfortunate misunderstanding.”
“There was no violence, and no charges were filed,” they said. “Tarek was going on a hike and took the gun for protection from mountain lions, bobcats, coyotes and rattlesnakes.”


'Flip or Flop' Star Christina El Moussa Spotted Without Wedding Ring Leaving Dermatologist








































12 Photos »


The couple’s reality design show is currently in the middle of its sixth season and production will continue as scheduled through the separation.
/n