 'Warm, Gentle, Expressive, Nurturing & Brilliant’: Robin Williams’ Mrs. Doubtfire.../n
Mara Wilson, who played Robin Williams’ youngest daughter in his 1993 smash Mrs. Doubtfire, wrote a lengthy blog detailing her warm memories of the enormously-talented actor, who hanged himself in his Tiburon, Calif. home last week.
The 27-year-old actress-writer, who said she’s been “flooded with memories in the past few days,” characterized the actor as “warm, gentle, expressive, nurturing, and brilliant.”
Wilson, who played the role of Natalie Hillard in the dramedy, said she vividly recalled Williams knack for ad-libbing while shooting the film.
PHOTOS: : Robin Williams Looks Gaunt, Somber At Art Gallery Reception Just Days Before His Tragic Death
“Chris Columbus, our director, would let Robin perform one or two takes with what was written, then do as many more takes as Robin had variations,” she wrote. “Sometimes I wonder why they didn’t give him at least partial screenwriting credit.”
The frenetic brilliance that was Williams’ impressions, pratfalls and comedic gestures, was not just for the camera, as “Robin would do anything to make me and the other kids laugh.
“He seemed to know instinctively what we would find funny, and never had to resort to saying anything that was inappropriate for children,” she wrote. “He was, after all, a father himself.”
PHOTOS: Robin Williams’ Hollywood Peers Remember The Late, Great Star Of Film & TV
Wilson, who made a mark as a child star in the 90s with roles in other films such as 1994’s Miracle on 34th Street re-make, and 1996’s Matilda, said that prior to the comic’s death, “Robin and I had not spoken in a few years.
“We weren’t on bad terms, we had just lost track of each other … I wish we had talked more. I wish I had reached out more. Being a Worst Case Scenario kind of person, I’ve worried so many times about losing so many people I care about, but I never could imagine losing Robin.”
She said that she’s kept her “private,” staying off social media and avoiding “reading or watching avoid any entertainment media.
PHOTOS: In Memoriam: Robin Williams’ Career Was Pure Magic – He Was A Genie After All
“I would not have been able to keep it together on [television,] and people didn’t need to see that.”
Watch the video on RadarOnline.com:

She said that while she’s glad that Williams passing has prompted newfound awareness of “mental health, depression, and suicide,” she was “afraid people will romanticize what Robin went through.
“Please don’t romanticize mental anguish. To focus on someone’s pain instead of their accomplishments is an insult to them.”
She closed out the poignant piece with one of her famous lines from the film saying, “I suppose — could I really end this any other way? — we’re all his goddamn kids, too.”
If anyone you know, is struggling with thoughts of suicide, please immediately seek help. You can speak with a skilled, trained counselor at a national Suicide Prevention Lifeline crisis center in your area, anytime 24/7 — call 1-800-273-TALK (8255).
FULL COVERAGE:
Shocking Theory: Robin Williams’ Pal Rob Schneider Believes Parkinson’s Disease Medication Could Have Led Star To Suicide
4 Latest Developments In Robin Williams Death: Michael J. Fox Reacts To Parkinson’s Revelation, Gaming Community Moves For Multiple Tributes To Late Actor
Robin Williams’ Haunting Final Photos: Tragic Comedian Was Snapped Looking Somber, Gaunt In San Francisco-Area Gallery Two Days Before Death
Shattered Dream: Robin Williams & Wife Had Hoped To Have Kids Together Before His Suicide, Says Source
Robin Williams Was In The ‘Early Stages’ Of Parkinson’s Disease, Wife Reveals
It Wasn’t A Relapse: Robin Williams Told Wife He ‘Had Nothing To Live For’ Before Suicide — Summer Rehab Stay Was For ‘Deep Depression,’ Claims Source
Robin Williams’ Life Was Scarred By Drugs And Booze—Star Was Haunted By Pal John Belushi’s ‘Speedball’ Overdose
5 Latest Developments In Robin Williams Death: Star ‘Insisted’ On Boozing During Filming Of CBS Show, Dreaded Emotional Investment In Movies
It’s Throwback Time: See Robin Williams’ Childhood Photos
‘The Final Fight Is Over’ — Husband Of The Assistant Who Found Robin Williams’ Body Speaks Out About His ‘Heartbreaking’ Last Days
Robin Williams Was Sleeping Up To 18 Hours A Day — Inside His Dark Depression 
5 Latest Developments In Robin Williams Death: Kids Break Silence, Daughter Deals With Bully Trolls, While Late Night Kings Pays Homage
A Lasting Legacy: Robin Williams Made Plans To Leave His Fortune To His Kids In The Years Before He Died — Inside The Secret Trusts
The Woman Who Discovered Robin Williams’ Body REVEALED — Longtime Assistant & Close Friend Rebecca Erwin Spencer Came Upon The Shocking Death Scene
Commercial Co-Star Fondly Remembers Robin Williams — ‘He Was Very Kind-Hearted & An Incredible Soul’
YouTube Top Ten: Robin Williams’ Most Viewed Clips Will Give Fans A Much-Needed Laugh
Christopher Reeve ‘Wanted To Die’ Until Robin Williams Lifted His Spirits — A Look At Their Extraordinary Friendship
Robin Williams Found With Superficial Cuts On His Wrists & Belt Around His Neck — Sheriff Reveals How Robin Williams Killed Himself
Death Of Robin’s Older Brother Was A Low Point For Williams — Took His Life 7 Years Later, Almost To The Day
Robin Williams’ Hollywood Peers Remember The Late, Great Star Of Film & TV
Tortured Robin Williams Photographed At AA Meeting
Robin Williams Death ‘Apparent Suicide Attempt By Hanging:’ Dispatcher; Actor Didn’t Leave A Note

Robin Williams Death: Daughter’s Tribute, Hoffman Connection & More
Robin Williams Had ‘Serious Money Troubles’ In Months Before His Death, Claims Friend — Was The Pressure Too Much?
A Father’s Love: Robin Williams’ Tragic Last Words To His Beloved Daughter Zelda Williams Revealed
Inside The Waterfront Home Where Robin Williams Tragically Died
In Memoriam: Robin Williams’ Career Was Pure Magic – He Was A Genie After All
Robin Williams Was Gaunt, Subdued, In Haunting Last Image Taken During Summer Rehab Stay — SEE The Disturbing Photo
Coroner Suspects Robin Williams Death ‘To Be A Suicide Due To Asphyxia’ — Read The Police Report /n