Bill Clinton’s Brother Roger Accused Of Paying Women To Fight In Shocking Lawsuit!/n
By Radar Staff
Former first brother Roger Clinton is in hot water – again!
The 56-year-old brother of Bill Clinton is being accused in a shocking lawsuit of paying women to fight while he watched!
In the bizarre case, The National Enquirer is exclusively reporting that a woman claims Clinton didn’t lift a finger to help her while another gal smacked her with a frying pan – because he likes to see girls beat each other up!
PHOTOS: Ashton Catches Bruno Mars Show As Demi’s Rushed To The Hospital
The wacky story began onApril 1, 2011, when Nadeze Connelly, 36, says in court documents that Clinton offered her $150 to cook rice for him at his home in Torrance, Calif. and when she arrived, Clinton came to the door with another woman, Melissa Fitzpatrick, who assaulted her!
According to Connelly’s lawsuit, “De­fendant Clinton observed as defendant Fitzpatrick grabbed Connelly’s sweater, pulled off her hat, and called Connelly some derogatory terms.”
Connelly took off, but claims in the lawsuit that Clinton left voice-mail messages begging her to come back and cook, promising that Fitzpatrick wouldn’t be there.
PHOTOS: Take A Peek Inside Ashton Kutcher’s Hollywood Hills Home
Connelly – who has a 2009 felony con­viction for theft of personal property – told police that when she re­turned the next day, Fitzpatrick “physically attacked” her.
In the police report, Con­nelly claimed Clinton “witnessed the entire altercation,” with Fitz­patrick punching her “approximately six times in the nose and mouth,” and then smacking her with the frying pan that “she was going to use to cook the rice.”
Connelly fled, and this time she contacted cops. She was “bleed­ing profusely from the nose and mouth,” according to the police report, and was taken to a hospital by am­bulance with a possible broken nose.
PHOTOS: Ashton Kutcher Goes On Laser Tag Date
“Roger just has a knack for getting in trou­ble,” a family friend told The ENQUIRER. “While Bill is on the campaign trail stump­ing for President Obama’s re-election, Roger is embarrassing him yet again.”
Clinton told cops at the scene that Connelly had come over “to borrow $150.” He insisted that he hadn’t seen the brawl and speculated the women were tussling over a boyfriend.
Police were called to the scene but didn’t have enough evidence to file charges. So now the victim is suing Clin­ton and the other woman for more than $500,000!
PHOTOS: Take A Peek Inside Ashton Kutcher’s Hollywood Hills Home
The family friend said that the former president and his brother are close, but this in an unfortunate incident.
“Maybe the lesson here is that Roger should order takeout. Clearly, there were too many chefs in his kitchen.”
For more exclusive details on Roger Clinton’s crazy lawsuit pick up the latest issue of The National Enquirer on newsstands Thursday.
RELATED STORIES:
Romantic Reunion? Former Costars Ashton Kutcher And Mila Kunis Enjoy A Weekend Away
Demi Moore’s Extreme Weight Loss Has ‘Ravaged Her Looks’ Says ExpertDemi Moore Makes First Public Appearance Post-Rehab
Demi Moore Done With Being ‘@MrsKutcher,’ Ready For Name Change /n