Britney Spears Former Manager Makes More Demands As Trial Date Looms/n
By Jen Heger – Radar Legal Editor
Britney Spears former manager, Sam Lutfi, has filed new legal documents in his libel lawsuit against the pop star and her parents, Jamie and Lynne Spears, as the trial date is quickly approaching, RadarOnline.com is exclusively reporting.
Lutfi is suing Brit and her parents for defamation, libel, and slander. Lynne wrote a book, Through The Storm, that discussed Lutfi’s role in Britney’s life leading up to her very public meltdown, which resulted in Jamie gaining conservatorship of his daughter in 2008.
Read the court documents here
In legal documents filed by Lutfi, he’s asking a judge to order Lynne to turn over bank records, mortgage statements, property tax bills, credit card statements, loan statements, conservatorship actions which Lynne has been paid, and other financial information which will establish how much Mama Spears’ net worth is.
PHOTOS: Oops She Did It Again! Curvy Britney Spears In Skimpy Costumes 
“Good cause exists to demand such production because Mr. Lutfi has a strong claim of punitive damages based on his cause of action for libel, which is backed by his own deposition testimony and corroborated in substantial part, by documentary evidence, and the corroborating deposition testimony of Lynne Irene Spears, I received a set of blanket objections to produce the records in question,” Lutfi’s attorney states in the court documents.
PHOTOS: Britney Spears Shows Off Her Birthday Suit In Bikinis Over The Years
Britney became engaged to her long time beau, Jason Trawick, several weeks ago, and she won’t be getting heading down the aisle until the Lutfi matter has been resolved. 
“Lawyers for Britney’s conservatorship have been successful in keeping her from being deposed in the Lutfi litigation, and the lawsuit involving her Elizabeth Arden fragrance. First of all, everyone involved wants Britney to get married once the conservatorship has been lifted.
She could get married under the conservatorship, but the judge would have to sign off on it. If that were to happen, lawyers repping Lutfi would absolutely go into court and argue that if Britney were able to get married, she should be able to be deposed. There is no way Team Spears is going to let that happen. It will likely be a long engagement, which is fine with Britney and Jason. They are 100% solid and very much in love,” the source told us at the time.
The trial is scheduled to begin on Monday, January 23.
Stay tuned to RadarOnline.com for developments on this story.
 
RELATED STORIES:
Britney Spears ‘Can’t Stop’ Staring At Engagement Ring
Honeymoon On Ice! Johnny Weir Marries Boyfriend
REPORT: Justin Timberlake & Jessica Biel Are Engaged /n