What Does One Wear to Paris Couture Fashion Week?/n





                    Stars at Paris Fashion Week 
                







The best-dressed stars at the Paris 2013 Spring runway shows.

 MORE >>










                    First Lady in Red
                







Michelle Obama wows in Jason Wu again at the 2013 Inaugural Ball. 

 MORE >>





 New York Fashion Week is just a few weeks away, but the stars are already showing off their fab front-row style at the Spring/Summer 2013 Couture Fashion Shows in Paris this week.
From Chanel to Dior, the runways at Paris Haute-Couture Fashion Week aren’t just a preview of the latest styles — they are a sartorial spectacle, showcasing the most exquisite one-of-a-kind creations that fashion’s most talented designers can dream up.
With seats at the couture shows reserved for a very exclusive list of fashion A-listers and stylish celebrities, the fashion lining the front-row represents the chicest of the chic. While anything goes at the ready-to-wear shows, with fashion notables sporting everything from jeans to dresses, the couture shows call for a greater level of formality and sophistication.
So what does one wear to the most exclusive of fashion shows?

You could play it safe and sophisticated in black and white like mom-to-be Kim Kardashian. Want people to think you’re a fashion insider? Work the former fashion faux-pas that’s now considered the peek of chic: black and navy. That’s what Jessica Alba and Chloe Moretz did to earn legendary Vogue editrix Anna Wintour’s nod of outfit approval at the Dior Couture Show.


nyfw spring '13 runway recap: the trends you'll be wearing this spring








































75 Photos »


For the more advanced and adventurous fashionista, look to style icon Diane Kruger, and go with a French spin on a fashion-forward style. Bonus points if it’s designed by the host of the show, like the checkered Chanel frock Kruger wore to watch Karl Lagerfeld’s couture creations at the Chanel show.
 

see what the stars wore to the paris ready-to-wear fashion shows








































29 Photos »



Or opt for an unexpected mix of edgy and elegant a la Rita Ora, who paired a red leather jacket and chunky ankle boots with a white gown that featured a high-low hemline and dramatic train. Then again, you could embrace a more costume-y look, like Hallie Steinfeld’s Scottish school girl getup, which she finished off with a newsboy-cum- fascinator cap and Chanel’s yellow Lego-like purse.
Click through the gallery to see all the fab front-row fashion at the Paris Couture Shows.
Alba earned our best-dressed pick. Now it’s your turn: Who do you think is the best-dressed star at the Paris Couture Fashion Shows so far? Share your picks below.
Check out the highlights from this year’s Versace Couture Show
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n