Amy Schumer Buys Back the Farm Her Family Lost When They Went Bankrupt/n





                    Amy Schumer Doesn't Care If You Don't Want Her to Be in the Live-Action Barbie Movie
                







No shame in the game!

 MORE >>










                    Amy Schumer Cancels Shows in Australia and New Zealand
                







The comedienne's performances have been canceled "due to illness."

 MORE >>





Amy Schumer is living the American dream.

After years of hard work, the comedienne was able to buy back the farm her family had lost when they went bankrupt. Announcing the news by sharing a home video taken at the property, the Trainwreck actress told fans that she purchased the lot for her father, Gordon Schumer, to have it in the clan once again.
“Video from the farm when I was running away in the cornfield and my dad was taunting me because I wanted him to come with me,” she captioned a clip shot by Gordon, who was diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis when Amy was 12-years-old. “We lost the farm when we lost everything else. But today I got to buy it back for him.”



A video posted by @amyschumer on Dec 19, 2016 at 1:42pm PST






A photo posted by @amyschumer on Dec 19, 2016 at 1:39pm PST



She also shared a screenshot of her FaceTiming with her dad to tell him the good news, writing, “Today I bought my fathers farm back.”
Last year, Schumer opened up her dad’s struggles with MS, explaining that his health has been “not good” ever since he was diagnosed.
“In terms of my dad being sick, it was just confusing to me, especially the way MS works,” she said during ABC’s Barbara Walters Presents: The 10 Most Fascinating People of 2015. “He was in physical pain. That’s when I kind of took the lead and took care of everybody in my family. I would keep them — I would keep everybody laughing.”
Things aren’t so bad for Amy herself these days. Earlier this year, the 35-year-old purchased a $12.15 million penthouse in New York City.


Inside Amy Schumer's $12.15 Million NYC Penthouse








































18 Photos »


/n