Lindsay Lohan Pal Involved In Hollywood Murder, Friends Fear Drugs Played A Role/n
By Amber Goodhand – Radar News Editor
A couple weeks ago he was schmoozing with Lindsay Lohan in his swanky Hollywood art gallery, and now former felon Jacob Anthonisen is a person of interest in a murder investigation — and RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned those close to him suspect drugs were involved.
The 37-year-old art dealer to the stars, who runs with the likes of Lohan, Emile Hirsch, Mickey Avalon, Taryn Manning and Lady Victoria Hervey, is involved in a Hollywood murder mystery straight out of the movies.
PHOTOS: Lindsay Lohan Through The Years
On June 9 a decomposing body was found in the back of a Cadillac Escalade registered to Anthonisen in a parking lot in the West Hollywood area of Los Angeles, which was identified on Thursday as Steven John Simmons – Anthonisen’s stepbrother – and the cause of death was determined as gunshot wound to the chest.
“He has been involved with some very dangerous people in the past, and we are worried that they have something to do with this,” a close pal of Anthonisen’s exclusively told RadarOnline.com.
PHOTOS: Lindsay Lohan Strips Down Into Elizabeth Taylor’s Iconic Swimsuit
Anthonisen, who owns The Peanut Gallery in Los Angeles, has been missing since May 31 and several of his friends and relatives are worried and concerned about him.
“At this point, everyone is just hoping he is alive and well,” the pal said.
PHOTOS: Lindsay Lohan’s Bikini Bod Through The Years
“But it’s no secret that he served time in prison for drugs, so it’s something to consider when wondering what happened here. The circumstances lead us to believe drugs played a role.”
Though he has been running in the most exclusive Hollywood circles for more than a decade, Anthonisen served two years in prison from 2003-2005 for drug-related felony charges in Arizona.
PHOTOS: Lindsay Suffers Nip Slip On Set Of Liz & Dick
The last photo uploaded on Anthonisen’s Instagram account before he went missing was a photo of Lohan on May 26 in his art gallery — yet, Lohan has made no public mention or statement regarding her missing friend.
RELATED STORIES:
Michael Lohan Slams ‘Hypocrite’ Stephen Baldwin: He Stiffed Me Out Of Money!
Lindsay Lohan Has Concerns About Nudity In Upcoming Movie!
Cops Didn’t Get Blood Test From Lindsay Lohan After Big Rig Crash
Lindsay Lohan Gets Another Acting Job! Starring In A Bret Easton Ellis Film /n