The Most Buzzworthy Films of 2016 /n





                    Andrew Garfield Felt His Portrayal of Spider-Man Was 'Compromised'
                







Even though he has two successful The Amazing Spider-Man movies...

 MORE >>





The holidays have arrived! In no time at all Hollywood will be rolling out the red carpet for the cavalcade of awards shows that come to town early every year. So we took the liberty of rounding up some of the most-talked-about films in theaters and arriving soon!

Moonlight
A boy’s formative years play out in three chapters during America’s notorious “War on Drugs era. He must struggle to survive his troubled home life and come to terms with his sexuality.
The film stars: Trevante Rhodes, André Holland, Janelle Monáe, Ashton Sanders and Naomie Harris.





Jackie
Told through an interview conducted for Life magazine, the film follows the devastating week between the assassination of John F. Kennedy and his funeral through the eyes of his wife and first lady Jackie Kennedy.
The film stars: Natalie Portman, Peter Sarsgaard, Greta Gerwig, Billy Crudup and John Hurt.





Hacksaw Ridge
Desmond Doss joined the army to serve his country like many Americans during WWII. Except Doss was a Seventh-day Adventist and a conscientious objector, meaning he could not carry a weapon. Despite the hazing he received for refusing to pick up a gun, his actions during the Battle of Okinawa are legendary.
The film stars: Andrew Garfield, Sam Worthington, Teresa Palmer, Vince Vaughn and Hugo Weaving.





Loving
Richard Loving and his wife Mildred Jeter Loving faced jail sentences for their interracial marriage in 1958 Virginia. Eventually their case made its way to Supreme Court where a historic ruling was passed.
The film stars: Joel Edgerton, Ruth Negga, Michael Shannon and Nick Kroll.





Arrival
Louise Banks is a linguist and academic whose life is upended when enormous alien spacecrafts appear all over the planet. Soon she is working with a team of experts to try and communicate with the mysterious visitors before time runs out.
The film stars: Amy Adams, Jeremy Renner, Forest Whitaker and Michael Stuhlbarg.





Nocturnal Animals
Mired in a second marriage stilted by her husband’s constant traveling for work, Susan mysteriously receives the manuscript for her first husband’s book about a teacher on a doomed trip with his family. The story forces Susan to reexamine her past and face a troubling realization.
The film stars: Amy Adams, Jake Gyllenhaal, Michael Shannon, Aaron-Taylor Johnson, Isla Fisher, Armie Hammer, Laura Linney, Michael Sheen and Jena Malone.





Manchester by the Sea
Joe Chandler suddenly passes away, leaving legal guardianship of his son to his younger brother Lee, forcing him to return to the North Shore community where he grew up in New Hampshire and face his devastating past.
The film stars: Casey Affleck, Michelle Williams and Kyle Chandler.





La La Land
Mia and Sebastian are a couple of struggling performers who fall in love in Los Angeles. But as they’re dreams begin to come true, they’re relationship is tested.
The film stars: Emma Stone, Ryan Gosling, John Legend and Rosemarie DeWitt.





Silence
Two young Portuguese Jesuit priests must survive persecution as they struggle to spread Christianity and find their mentor in 17th century Japan.
The film stars: Andrew Garfield, Adam Driver and Liam Neeson.





Fences
Once a Negro league ball player, now a waste collector, Troy Maxson grapples with his life in mid-century Pittsburgh.
The film stars: Denzel Washington, Viola Davis, Stephen Henderson, Jovan Adepo, Russell Hornsby, Mykelti Williamson, Saniyya Sidney.





Live by Night
Joe Coughlin, the son of a beloved Boston police captain, turns to a life of crime that lands him in Ybor City, Tampa, Florida where becomes a bootlegger and infamous gangster.
The film stars: Ben Affleck, Elle Fanning, Brendan Gleeson, Chris Messina, Sienna Miller, Chris Cooper and Zoe Saldana.





20th Century Women
A single mother enlists two other women to help assert a positive influence over her teenage son as she tries to teach him about adulthood and love in 1979 Santa Barbara.
The film stars: Annette Bening, Elle Fanning, Greta Gerwig, Lucas Jade Zumann and Billy Crudup.





Also, we rounded up the actors and actresses we think are destined for great things next year in the gallery above. Take a peek!


Katie Holmes and More Attend the 2016 Gotham Awards








































16 Photos »


/n