 Backstabber Barbara! Jenelle Evans’ Mom Recruits Fiancé’s Family To Win Full Custody.../n
Jenelle Evans’ mom Barbara came ready to fight in their custody battle over Jace! The sister of Jenelle’s fiancé David Eason exclusively revealed to RadarOnline.com Barbara’s twisted plan to make sure her daughter didn’t win full custody of the 7-year-old.
On May 24, Jenelle and her mother came to a mutual agreement in mediation over custody of Jace. As Radar reported, Barbara will continue to have full custody of her grandson, while Jenelle will get more visitation time with her son.
“I had been subpoenaed to go there by Barbara,” Jessica Lenn Eason told Radar. “She knew that Jenelle and I were feuding so she and her attorney subpoena me. I tried to get out of going, but I would have gotten in trouble if I didn’t show.”
PHOTOS: Busting Out! From Behind Bars To The Beach: Jenelle Evans Shows Of Her Bikini Body In 10 Photos
Although Jessica did not testify because the mother and daughter resolved the issue in mediation, she claims she would have sided with her brother and future sister-in-law.
“I told Jenelle’s attorney the day before court that I was going to help David and Jenelle if they made me testify,” she insisted.
As Radar reported, Jessica began feuding with David and Jenelle when she hung out with his estranged baby mama and son. As Radar readers know, David violated a domestic violence protective order on October 30, 2015 when he ran into his son at a grocery store.
PHOTOS: Jenelle Evans: 18 Secrets, Scandals & Lies From The Controversial ‘Teen Mom’ Star’s Troubled Life
The domestic violence protective order was granted after David became violent with his baby mama on April 19, 2014.
“Jenelle Evans grow up,” Jessica posted on Instagram. “That’s MY nephew and if I wanna see him I will! He isn’t your child! Worry about ya own kids! That’s what u need to do!”
Jenelle fired back, “Maybe start with an apology? Nope, he can’t even have that. Sad.”
PHOTOS: Jenelle Evans Shows Off Pictures Of Her Newborn Son Kaiser
Although Jessica apologized to David and Jenelle, they continue to be estranged today.
Jenelle signed over custody of Jace to her mom in 2010 because she was in and out of jail for drug, assault and more charges.
Are you surprised Jenelle wasn’t granted full custody? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n