'Time Is Running Out!' DC Investigator Sues Cops For Files On Seth Rich/n
The culprits behind Democrat operative Seth Rich’s murder WILL be revealed! That’s the vow of investigator Jack Burkman, who held a press conference today announcing he is suing the DC Metropolitan Police Department in order to obtain “crucial material” regarding the case, Radaronline.com has exclusively learned.
“The release of this crucial material will help bring peace to the victim’s family, and it will help to either confirm or refute the various theories that swirl about this important murder case,” Burkman said in the lawsuit.
During the press conference, Burkman questioned the MPD’s decision to withhold information about the investigation from the public.
PHOTOS: Hostile Takeover! ’19 Kids And Counting’ Star Jill Duggar’s Facebook Account Hacked By Raunchy Pranksters — 12 Hilarious Posts
“We don’t want to make allegations, but why would the police department not want us to see the medical examiner’s report and the ballistics report? That’s bizarre.” Burkman asked.
“The real tragedy of this, is time is running out. We’ve learned for instance that [Seth’s] Twitter account was deleted. We don’t know how. Certain emails are being deleted. Evidence is being destroyed day by day. Time is running out, and these people are withholding information. We need that,” Burkman continued.
“In a case of this profile, when you don’t have information released since Halloween of last year, its a pretty safe assumption that this is a cold case,” he said.
PHOTOS: Obama’s Half-Brother SLAMS System & Supports Trump After Hillary Clinton Email Leak
The Rich family hired Rod Wheeler — a Washington-based private investigator — who had indicated that there was tangible evidence that Rich had communicated with WikiLeaks prior to his death. The following day, Wheeler backtracked on those claims, and local authorities said that his assertions were “unfounded.” The family later expressed regret over hiring Wheeler, according to the New York Times.
Rich’s family have been the toughest critics of claims their son was involved in Wikileaks.
“As we’ve seen through the past year of unsubstantiated claims, we see no facts, we have seen no evidence, we have been approached with no emails and only learned about this when contacted by press,” a statement released by the family said.
PHOTOS: Inside Donald Trump’s Secret Meeting With Vladimir Putin — To OVERTHROW Dictators!
Rich was a DNC employee who was set to work on the Hillary Clinton campaign when he was fatally and mysteriously shot a block away from his Bloomingdale, DC home in July of last year.
“There had been a struggle. His hands were bruised, his knees are bruised, his face is bruised, and yet he had two shots to his back, and yet they never took anything… They didn’t finish robbing him, they just took his life,” Rich’s mother said in a statement to NBC’s Washington Affiliate following her son’s murder.
Burkman has offered up to $150,000 for any information leading to the murder.
Rich was 27 years old.
Story developing.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n