Casey Anthony 'Blacked Out' Baby Caylee's Death/n
Casey Anthony‘s lawyer has claimed that America’s most hated mother has “blacked out” whatever happened to daughter Caylee Anthony and didn’t even realize she was dead until she was present at the murder trial, RadarOnline.com can report.
He said: “Casey…grieved and comprehended differently than anyone else what happened. She went into what I call ‘Casey World.’ She shut it out.”
Cheney Mason, one of the defense attorneys who represented Anthony during her shocking 2011 murder trial, told LawNewz that Anthony completely erased the memory of the incident and has no way to understand what happened to her then 3-year-old baby girl.
“I believe that Casey’s mind, in some dimension, I guess the common word would say ‘snapped.’ She didn’t go crazy by any means — but blackout — completely a blackout — of what went on and what happened,” claimed Mason.
PHOTOS: Running From Her Past? Casey Anthony Surfaces In Florida Nearly 7 Years After Daughter’s Murder — 10 Photos Of Her New Life
In her mind, she didn’t kill her daughter, said Mason.
He added: “She just snapped . . . when that testimony came out, I was sitting next to her, and I don’t remember whether I had my arm on her shoulder or was just holding her hand there while that testimony was going on, but she started shaking, and shivering, and she cried.”
“It was clear to me — my personal opinion — that it was the first time she consciously was actually aware that her daughter had died,” Mason said.
The toddler was reportedly “perfectly healthy, perfectly clean dressed, well nourished, no instance of any prior injury, no abuse whatsoever,” which shows Anthony really did lover her, claimed the attorney.
PHOTOS: Casey Anthony Caught Living It Up Amid Shocking Sex Scandal
Regardless, millions of people still remember the 2008 incident and still clearly feel that Anthony not only killed her daughter, but knew all along what she did and consistently lied about it. However, Mason contends that Anthony didn’t fully realize that Caylee was murdered until her trial started.
As Radar previously reported, Casey was put behind bars after being accused of child neglect after she failed to report that her baby daughter Caylee had been missing for 30 days.
The mother was found not guilty in 2011, after her legal team argued that the 30-year-old’s daughter accidentally drowned in the family’s pool and that someone else hid the body, while prosecutors insisted she used chloroform to put Caylee to sleep before suffocating her with duct tape.
PHOTOS: 5 Years After Murder Acquittal: Smiling Casey Anthony Spotted Out With Her Dog
Hit show Casey Anthony: An American Murder Mystery tells all on the controversial death of Caylee, and the complex mind of her troubled mother.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n