Gwen Stefani Returns as a Coach on ‘The Voice’ Season 9/n





                    Gwen Stefani’s New Single ‘Baby Don’t Lie’ is Finally Here
                







Listen!

 MORE >>





Sorry, fans of Christina Aguilera!
Gwen Stefani will be returning as a coach on The Voice for season 9.

Stefani joins original coaches Adam Levine and Blake Shelton, along with Pharrell Williams, who’s been a coach since season 7.


Gwen Stefani Spotted Rocking a Jumpsuit in LA	








































25 Photos »


Paul Telegdy, president of Alternative and Late Night Programming for NBC Entertainment, commented, “With such an astounding group of coaches at the peak of their musical ingenuity and Carson returning as our host, we are thrilled for what Season 9 will bring.”
A rep for Aguilera told Gossip Cop that she “doesn’t do back-to-back seasons,” and she will definitely be returning for season 10 (her rep confirmed to Gossip Cop).
Meanwhile, Stefani is super excited to return and told Buzzfeed,
I’m coming back, and I’m so excited! I can’t believe I get to return to ‘The Voice.’ It’s so inspiring to be around such incredible talent and music. I’m looking forward to working again with Adam, Blake, and Pharrell. I love those guys.






 Your Season 9 coaches! #✌️ #TheVoice
A photo posted by NBC's The Voice (@nbcthevoice) on Jun 10, 2015 at 9:56am PDT



Shelton added, “Adam, Gwen, Pharrell and I had a blast together in Season 7, and I’m excited we’re back together again. They are all so talented but I’m pretty damn excited about another winning season for Team Blake.”
However, Williams was the coach who came out on top last season, nabbing his first win with 16-year-old Sawyer Fredericks. He told Buzzfeed, “I am grateful to have a role on the show amongst such an incredible grouping of great people. Looking forward to another season of talented artists.”
Levine added, “I can’t believe we’re already on the ninth season. Time after time, coming back, it honestly feels like the first day of school. It’s become a second family for me and I’m always so excited to come back to it.”
Which coach will come out on top this season?! Season 9 returns in September.
[Lead photo credit: NBC]

/n