Taylor Swift Surprises 96-Year-Old Fan with the Performance of a Lifetime/n





                    John Mayer Calls Ex Taylor Swift's Birthday the 'Lamest' Day of the Year
                







Shading his ex? 

 MORE >>










                    Taylor Swift and Zayn Malik's 'Fifty Shades Darker' Song
                







Hear the new song, “I Don't Wanna Live Forever”.

 MORE >>





Santa Claus, who?

Taylor Swift gave one fan the best holiday present ever by showing up at his door. According to E! News, the singer jetted off to New Madrid, Mo., on Monday (Dec. 26, 2016) to surprise 96-year-old Cyrus Porter with an at-home performance for his family.
“My Popo was ecstatic! He was grinning from ear to ear and even had tears in his eyes,” family member Caroline Fowler told the publication. “The first thing he said to her was ‘How did you get here?’ He loved every moment. He told her how he was proud of his family, his country and Taylor Swift!”

okay this is the last thing i’m posting. @taylorswift13 I still can’t believe it!! pic.twitter.com/G5pfUpYaH6
— Landon (@Landon_Poore) December 26, 2016


Amazing experience pic.twitter.com/maXUPZSguD
— robert frye (@bert_frye) December 26, 2016


Looking cute and casual in an Everlane sweater and dark bottoms, Swift performed “Shake It Off” for close to 60 of Porter’s relatives before staying to mingle with guests.
“It was the best day ever and our family is thankful for this!” Fowler said. “It meant so much for the family to see him so happy!”
Though it’s unclear exactly who arranged the meet-and-greet, Porter, a WWII veteran, said he was touched by the gesture. Having had driven to Memphis and St. Louis to see Swift in concert, he was happy to experience a live performance right in his own home.

“Look what she does, she puts on a show no one else puts on,” he said in a local interview with KFVS news. “I just liked the way the way she did stuff.”
“Yeah, I just enjoy it, I’m getting old,” he added. “I’m just enjoying everything.”


Taylor Swift and Her Squad Gather in NYC








































23 Photos »


/n