Prince William Still Finds It ‘Difficult’ to Talk About Princess Diana’s Death/n





                    Prince William Grows Teary-Eyed After Recreating Princess Diana's Iconic Taj Mahal Photo
                







:'(

 MORE >>










                    Prince William Honors Princess Diana
                







He's continuing his late mother's legacy.

 MORE >>





Though it’s been almost two decades since Princess Diana’s fatal car crash, Prince William still finds it hard to open up about his mother.

In the July issue of British GQ commemorating the 20th anniversary of the royal’s passing, William spoke about dealing with the grief of losing his mom when he was only 15.
“I am in a better place about it than I have been for a long time, where I can talk about her more openly, talk about her more honestly, and I can remember her better, and publicly talk about her better,” he shared.
“It has taken me almost twenty years to get to that stage. I still find it difficult now because at the time it was so raw,” William continued. “It is not like most people’s grief, because everyone else knows about it, everyone knows the story, everyone knows her. It is a different situation for most people who lose someone they love, it can be hidden away or they can choose if they want to share their story.”





CREDIT: Norman Jean Roy


The 34-year-old also lamented about how he will never be able to introduce his late mother to wife Kate Middleton, 35, and his children: Prince George, 3, and Princess Charlotte, 2.
“I would like to have had her advice. I would love her to have met Catherine and to have seen the children grow up. It makes me sad that she won’t, that they will never know her,” he admitted.


Prince Charles and Princess Diana Introduce Prince William


































5 Photos »


William added the loss made him realize the importance of family. Following Diana’s footsteps, the Duke of Cambridge, who has become an advocate for mental health and ending homelessness, hopes to provide the very best for his kids and teach them about helping the less fortunate.
“I could not do my job without the stability of the family. Stability at home is so important to me. I want to bring up my children in a happy, stable, secure world and that is so important to both of us as parents,” he said. “I want George to grow up in a real, living environment, I don’t want him growing up behind palace walls, he has to be out there. The media make it harder but I will fight for them to have a normal life.”





CREDIT: Norman Jean Roy


/n