Matthew Morrison and His Wife Are Going to Italy for a Babymoon: We’re ‘Enjoying Our Travels Before We Have Our New Addition’/n
Matthew Morrison and his wife Renee are living la dolce vita.
The expectant couple will soon be celebrating their baby joy abroad in Italy, Morrison tells PEOPLE at the Gilt launch of his chic dad gear line Sherpapa Supply Co. at Catch LA on Wednesday night.
“My Father’s Day, we’re actually going to be on our babymoon,” the Glee alum shares. “We’re going to be in Italy.”
Though the couple – who confirmed their pregnancy to PEOPLE last month – won’t welcome their baby until the fall, Morrison says, “We do feel like this will be our first Father’s Day, we really celebrated Mother’s Day this year for [Renee].”
He adds, “We’ll be just enjoying our travels before we have our addition.”
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
 





 Sherpapa – my line with Zach McDuffie – is live today on Gilt. Just in time for Father’s Day, we’ve created our heirloom quality gifts and gear to dispel the stereotypes that dads lack style and are difficult to shop for. Fatherhood is an adventure that I’m so excited for and Sherpapa’s bags and apparel are tailor-made for all of its milestones. Shop it now on Gilt.com & sherpapa.com #GiltxSherpapa #thedadlife
A post shared by Matthew Morrison (@_matthew.morrison_) on Jun 1, 2017 at 4:50pm PDT


 
RELATED: Here’s What We’re Buying from Matthew Morrison’s Cool New Line for Dads
The couple – who wed in 2014 – can’t wait to grow their little family.
Says the actor, “I feel like through pregnancy and infancy, a lot of fathers are confused of their role. I’m just so excited to just go after it and this is going to be the greatest adventure of my life and it’s starting soon.”
Robert Zaleski
 
FROM PEN: Former Bachelorette Emily Maynard Johnson Says She Wants 2 More Kids to Up Her Total to 5

Morrison previously told PEOPLE that he’s “looking forward to everything” about fatherhood.
He said, “The fact that it’s half me and half the person that I love most in this world … I’m so excited to meet our child and to see what he or she looks like, and to see what features of my beautiful wife that he or she has.”
/n