Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone Were the Absolute Cutest at the ‘La La Land’ Premiere/n





                    Ryan Gosling Doesn't Understand How the 'Hey Girl' Meme Began
                







"I've never said that."

 MORE >>










                    Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling Explain Why We Need 'La La Land' Right Now
                







Keep the dream alive. 

 MORE >>





There’s a reason why Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone love working together.

The duo couldn’t help but joke around when they attended the premiere of their new movie, La La Land, in Los Angeles on Tuesday (Dec. 6, 2016). The frequent co-stars, who previously worked together in Crazy, Stupid, Love and Gangster Squad, were all smiles as they walked the red carpet.
At the after-party, the two were seen sharing laughs with Academy Award nominee Damien Chazelle, who wrote and directed the musical about two struggling artists who fall in love while trying to find work in Hollywood.


Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling Attend 'La La Land' Premiere








































12 Photos »


The film, which also stars John Legend, Rosemarie DeWitt and Callie Hernandez, features Stone and Gosling dancing their way past iconic landmarks. According to Gosling, learning the choreography was no easy task.
“’90s hip hop is a little different from soft shoe and all the other stuff that they asked us to do here,” Gosling joked to Entertainment Tonight, referring to the dance skills he had learned back in his Mouseketeer days. “I thought maybe some of that might help, but it really didn’t. It was like starting all over again.”
The Canadian actor also had to learn the piano to play Sebastian, a jazz musician who falls in love with an aspiring actress.
“Piano is always something I wish I had the time to learn,” Gosling admitted in a featurette for the film. “What other job is a part of your job to sit in front of a piano for three months and play? It was really one of the most fulfilling pre-production periods that I’ve ever had.”
La La Land opens in theaters Dec. 9.


Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone promote 'la la land' in toronto








































19 Photos »


/n