NCIS Showrunner Gary Glasberg Has Died At 50/n

The TV world just suffered a huge loss.
On Wednesday, NCIS showrunner Gary Glasberg passed away at only 50 years old. CBS confirmed the executive producer died in his sleep.
Related: Former Israeli President Dies At 93
The cast and crew of the wildly popular crime series issued a statement about Gary's sad passing, saying:

"Gary was our rock, our cheerleader, our team captain. He inspired us with his leadership, his creative instincts and [his] keen insight. NCIS will not be the same without him, and each of us will miss his smiling face and unwavering humor, which lifted us every day."

The show also took to Twitter to share the statement, along with a black-and-white photo of the late EP.
See the touching tribute (below): 

In loving memory of Gary Glasberg. https://t.co/kubHizmQSm pic.twitter.com/ToCjFHQ4Ad
— NCIS (@NCIS_CBS) September 28, 2016
CBS Entertainment President Glenn Geller also mourned the untimely loss, saying:

"Today is an overwhelmingly sad day for NCIS, CBS and anyone who was blessed to spend time with Gary Glasberg. We have lost a cherished friend, gifted creative voice, respected leader and, most memorably, someone whose warmth and kindness was felt by all around him. Our heartfelt thoughts and sympathies go out to his wife, Mimi, his two sons and all his family and friends."

President of CBS Television Studios ​David Stapf expressed his grief as well, remarking:

"We are devastated by the passing of our dear friend and colleague, Gary Glasberg. He epitomized the word mensch and brought kindness, integrity and class to everything he did. His remarkable talent as a writer and producer was only matched by his ability to connect with people. Gary was a beloved member of our family and we are so honored that he called CBS his home for so many years. Our hearts go out to his wife, Mimi, two sons, his entire family and all those who loved him."

Gary joined the series back in 2009, starting as a co-executive producer and a writer. Only two years later, he was promoted to showrunner.
In 2014, he created the successful spinoff NCIS: New Orleans.
In addition to his wife and sons, Gary is also survived by his father, Edwin Glasberg, and his sister, Mindy Glasberg. His loved ones are planning a memorial for October.
Our hearts go out to everyone affected during this tough time.
[Image via Getty Images.]
/n