Abby Lee Miller Jets To Florida House Of Horrors After Code Violation For Dirty Pool/n
Abby Lee Miller is heading to Florida before she reports to prison for a year and a day – but it isn’t for vacation! The former Dance Moms star requested to travel to Davenport, Florida to tend to her house of horrors, RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal.
“Ms. Miller needs to travel to her property and home in Davenport, Florida for a brief period of time to address certain issues with her property and home,” the court papers obtained from the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania read.
READ THE COURT PAPERS!
Miller asked for permission from the court to fly to Florida on June 1. Judge Joy Flowers Conti approved the order.
PHOTOS: Partying The Pain Away! Abby Lee Miller Gets Boozy Weeks Before Prison Stint
As Radar exclusively reported, Miller, 50, was hit with a code violation when neighbors complained about the unsanitary conditions of her pool.
In photos obtained from the Polk County Code Enforcement Office, the pool in the backyard of her Florida home turned dark green and was filled with leaves.
Frederick Beyer, a member of the Homeowner’s Association Board, exclusively told Radar, “One of the board members went over there to get the pool running because it was infested with mosquitoes. He had to clean, filter and shock the pool heavily.
He claimed Miller has not visited the home for a year-and-a-half.
“The neighbor next door to her had to have an exterminator because of rats and mice in their home,” Beyer said.
PHOTOS: Too Much, Too Soon? Fans Slam ‘Dance Moms’ Star Maddie Ziegler’s New Boyfriend
Miller had until May 26 to resolve the issue or else she would be forced back in court. According to Code Enforcement, the issue has been resolved.
“The owner called on May 15 to state that the property is in compliance and wanted a reinvestigation,” a spokesperson for Polk County Code Enforcement told Radar. “The pool no longer has stagnant water and the case was closed on May 17.”
In a new photo obtained by Radar, Miller’s pool appears to have been cleaned.
In June 2016, Miller pled guilty to not reporting an international monetary transaction and one count of concealing bankruptcy assets.
PHOTOS: End Of An Era! Abby Lee Miller’s Dance Studio Is Up For Rent As She Heads To Prison
She was sentenced to one year and one day in prison. The incarceration will be followed by two years of supervised release.
Miller satisfied the judgment of $120,000 as part of her fraud case sentencing by paying the full balance on May 16, 2017.
Why do you think she’s heading to Florida? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n