Jared Padalecki and David Sutcliffe Are Returning to ‘Gilmore Girls’ Revival, Sutton Foster Joins the Cast/n





                    Melissa McCarthy Says She Was Not Asked to Be in 'Gilmore Girls' Revival
                







No Sookie?!?

 MORE >>





Gilmore Girls fans, you can all calm down now: all three of Rory’s ex-boyfriends have officially joined the cast of Netflix’s revival.

TV Line confirmed today (Feb. 11) that Supernatural star Jared Padalecki, who played Rory’s high school love Dean Forester, has officially signed on. And that makes all three: Milo Ventimiglia (Jess) confirmed he was in yesterday (Feb. 10) and Matt Czuchry (Logan) was confirmed last week.
Rory, played by Alexis Bledel, is obviously also confirmed as well as Lauren Graham, aka Lorelai Gilmore.


Here’s the Cast of Netflix’s Gilmore Girls Revival	








































24 Photos »


And according to Variety, David Sutcliffe, who played Rory’s father and Lorelai’s ex Christopher Hayden, will also be returning to the show. That means Lorelai will have both of her great loves (Luke, played by Scott Patterson, and Christopher) too.

You never forget your first. The original boys are back. #GilmoreGirls #CastAnnounce pic.twitter.com/bxPCBwEZLb
— Netflix US (@netflix) February 11, 2016
Lastly, in other casting news, The Hollywood Reporter also announced that Younger actress Sutton Foster would be joining the cast as the first new face (all previous casting confirmations have been for the original characters). The 40-year-old’s role is still unknown…

The girls are gonna’ have their hands full. #GilmoreGirls #CastingAlert #Theyreback pic.twitter.com/kqPEZuWr2A
— Netflix US (@netflix) February 10, 2016

Update — Feb. 11, 1:49 p.m. ET:
TV Line confirms that Danny Strong will be reprising his role as Doyle, Paris Geller’s (Liza Weil) boyfriend. Perhaps this means the couple is still together?


Jared Padalecki Out and About in Vancouver	








































13 Photos »


/n