Robin William’s Final Films Include Third ‘Night at the Museum’ Installment and ‘Merry Friggin’ Christmas’/n





                    Remembering Robin
                







A look back at Robin Williams through the years.

 MORE >>










                    Conan's Tribute
                







Conan O'Brien breaks the news of Robin William's death to his audience.

 MORE >>





 One day after the tragic passing of Robin Williams, fans, moviegoers and the Hollywood community are looking for comfort in what he did best: making people laugh.
The 63-year-old’s talent will live on in four more projects, the first of which will hit theaters in November.

In Merry Friggin’ Christmas, Williams plays a father who takes an impromptu 8-hour road trip with his estranged son (Joel McHale). The holiday-themed comedy, also starring Lauren Graham, Candice Bergen and Oliver Platt opens Nov. 7.


robin williams: through the years








































14 Photos »


In May, Williams wrapped production to the third installment of the Night at the Museum franchise, titled Secret of the Tomb. The Academy Award winner once again put on his best Teddy Roosevelt face for the film, which reunited Williams with Ben Stiller, Owen Wilson, Ricky Gervais and Steve Coogan. Secret of the Tomb is due for a Dec. 19 release.
A third project will find Williams’ voice of Dennis the Dog in Absolutely Anything, a British sci-fi animated comedy that is still seeking distribution in the U.S. The Terry Jones (Monty Python) film also stars Kate Beckinsale, Simon Pegg and the voices of Terry Gilliam and John Cleese.
Another film seeking U.S. distribution is Boulevard, which premiered at the Tribeca Film Festival in New York City this past April. The drama finds Williams as Nolan Mack, a bank employee who, after working at the same job for nearly three decades, bumps into a troubled young man on his drive home. Bob Odenkirk and Kathy Baker also star in the film.
As for the Mrs. Doubtfire sequel, Variety is reporting that the show most likely won’t go on.
Williams’ illustrious career included films like Good Morning, Vietnam, Dead Poest Society, The Fisher King, Hook, Aladdin, Jumanji, The Birdcage and Patch Adams. He appeared in dozens of television programs including 92 episodes of Mork & Mindy. The Chicago-born actor received an Academy Award for his work in Good Will Hunting in 1997.
Launch the gallery, above, to see some of Robin Williams’ most memorable roles.
[Lead photo courtesy of AKM-GSI]
/n