‘The Voice’ Recap: Adam Levine Finds an Unlikely Ally in Christina Aguilera (VIDEO)/n





                    'The Voice' Rankings (POLL)
                







Which coach has the strongest team so far?

 MORE >>










                    'The Voice' Week 3 Recap
                







The fight is on between the coaches to fill their teams. 

 MORE >>





 Get your gloves ready, because the battle is ON.
With Monday’s episode of NBC’s The Voice, the blind auditions have come to a close and Adam Levine, Christina Aguilera, Cee Lo Green and Blake Shelton have each filled their teams with 16 incredible singers.
It wasn’t an easy road for the coaches on this last night as they fought tooth and nail to get the contestants they wanted on their respective teams. There were a few standout performances but nothing got us smiling or laughing harder than contestant Cody Belew’s reaction to making it through to the next round.
As the last singer of the night we knew Belew was headed for Team Cee Lo, but to make things a bit more dramatic the coach didn’t push his button until their were seconds left in his performance. As Belew was turned around at the end of his performance, he didn’t realize that his idol had actually picked him for his team. Upon seeing Cee Lo pushed the button, he through out a “You hit it! OH MY GOD!” and TON of expletives while giving Green a humungous hug. Also, how funny was his confession that he moves his hips like “bam, bam”? It was the perfect way to end this part of the competition.
What other highlights rounded out this episode?

Christina took ADAM’s side for once. When Caitlin Michelle performed “Cosmic Love” by Florence and the Machine, we were floored to hear someone so different — as were Blake and Adam. The dukes were up for the two friends in their fight for the Boston native. With both coaches laying it out there and Blake differentiating that he’s a normal coach, Christina told her, “If you want to be a risk taker… head over to Adam’s team.” We also chuckled a bit when Christina told the country man – “You didn’t even know who Florence and the Machine was – that’s all I’m going to say” – after Caitlin made her choice.


'the voice' seaon 3 teams: the performers 








































72 Photos »


“You had me at thang.” Mr. Shelton was all about using his connections and country swag to win his contenders over. Nicole Johnson, 18, made Kelly Clarkson’s “Mr. Know-it-All” her own when she put a country twist to it. Catching the eye of Blake and Cee Lo, the two coaches did their best to sway her to their side. We have to say, Blake pulling out the “You had me at thang” line was pretty smooth. And being a country girl, Johnson had to go with the country pro.
How cute are the families of these singers? We couldn’t help but say, “Aw,” watching Natalie Hernandez’s parents when three of the coaches turned around for their daughter and she chose Team Christina. They were simply adorable. We want to hug them. Rudy Parris’ daughter and grandson also get an honorable mention in the cuteness competition when he chose Team Blake. The families really are such a huge part of this show and a reason why we love the blind auditions so much.


the coaches promote 'the voice' in malibu








































8 Photos »


“I love you but…” Kayla Nevarez had a big decision to make between Adam, Cee Lo and Christina after her performance of Estelle’s “American Boy.” Christina was dying to have the 17-year-old singer on her team telling her, “Let me put it to you plain and simple… I’m your coach.” With Christina pouring it on thick, Cee Lo didn’t even feel like he had a chance. Meanwhile, Adam reminded the California girl that the has won The Voice before and that he knew “without a doubt in my mind, I know that you’re the one for that.” Looking at Christina, Nevarez told her, “I love you so but..” and then chose Team Adam. She also showed some awesome sass and drive telling him, “We better win this.”
Also picked up tonight were Lady Gaga backup singer Chevonne (Team Cee Lo) and 16-year-old Celica Westbrook (Team Christina).


10 things you may not know about 'the voice' season 1 winner








































10 Photos »


With the blind auditions over, here are the complete teams:
Team Adam – Benji, Collin McLoughlin, Alessandra Guerico, Brian Scartocci, Melanie Martinez, Adana Duru, Loren Allred, Nicole Nelson, Samuel Mouton, Bryan Keith, Joe Kirkland, Brandon Mahone, Sam James, Michelle Brooks-Thompson, Caitlin Michelle, Kayla Nevarez
Team Blake – Liz David, Kelly Crapa, 2 Steel Girls (Allison & Krystal Steel), Casey Muessigmann, Julie Cesar Castillo, Graicia Harrison, Terry McDermott, Lelia Broussard, Michaela Paige, Ryan Jirovec, Suzanna Choffel, Terisa Griffin, Charlie Rey, Cassadee Pope, Nicole Johnson, Rudy Parris
Team Cee Lo- Ben Taub, Todd Kessler, Emily Earle, Mycle Wastman, JR Aquina, Avery Wilson, Nicholas David, Domo, MacKenzie Bourg, Daniel Rose, Trevin Hunte, Alexis Marceaux, Diego Val, Amanda Brown, Chevonne, Cody Belew
Team Christina – Joselyn Rivera, Beat Frequency, Paulina, Lisa Scinta, MarissaAnn, Nelly’s Echo, Adriana Louise, Aquile, De’Borah, Devyn Deloera, Dez Duron, Jordan Pruitt, Laura Vivas, Silvia Yacoub, Natalie Hernandez, Celica Westbrooke
Which coach do you think got the best performers Monday? Let us know in the comments below!

brightcove.createExperiences();

 
/n