Ciara, Gal Gadot and Halle Berry Attend Jennifer Klein's 19th Annual Day of Indulgence The word indulgence has many definitions. The most commonly known definition being "a thing that is indulged in; a luxury." But in Hollywood, indulgence and luxury.../n
The word indulgence has many definitions. The most commonly known definition being "a thing that is indulged in; a luxury." But in Hollywood, indulgence and luxury are synonymous with producer Jennifer Klein every August. Klein hosted her 19th annual Day of Indulgence party at her Brentwood home this past Sunday, Aug. 13 and there was no shortage of star power (but would we expect any less?). E! News has the inside scoop on all the celebs who flocked to this year's party. Kerry Washington and her Scandal co-stars, Bellamy Young, Darby Stanchfield and Katie Lowes, all shopped the Theory Room together while catching up with the show's creator, Shonda Rhimes. A party insider tells us, "Kerry was in a great mood while debuting her new hair—everyone was gushing over it!" 

Halle Berry, Tyra Banks and Rachel Roy all ogled over the selection of Quay Sunglasses. Banks and Roy, who arrived to the event together, helped each other choose the perfect pair.  The leading ladies of the DC Comic universe converged as one nearby as Gal Gadot, Amy Adams, Patty Jenkins and Melissa Benoist "all gathered in a group laughing and chatting" while they stayed cool from the Los Angeles heat with sips of Icelandic Glacial Water (even superheroes need to stay hydrated!). Mom actress, Allison Janney, took a lunch break and chowed down on a salad while chatting with Debra Messing, who our source says "was in a jubilant mood talking about her first Will & Grace taping." There was no shortage of cocktails to enjoy either as Amy Adams and Melissa McCarthy indulged in Don Julio Watermelon Margaritas as they perused the party. Guests also enjoyed Chloe wine passed around on summery Sunnylife trays. Ciara took a break from her mommy duties with new baby girl Sienna Princess Wilson by attending the party solo. The singer picked out an Alexis Bittar gold cuff with the help of Lily Collins where our insider says they were "taking selfies together while picking out their jewelry. Ciara was bragging about her cuff!" 

Shay Mitchell buzzed around the party completely enjoying herself and talking about her new project while getting shade matched at the Cle de Peau table. Besties Lea Michele and Katharine McPhee relaxed by the pool as they got Patchology eye and lip treatments. Meanwhile, Aubrey Plaza pampered herself with a manicure at the MiniLuxe station while chatting with girlfriends Lizzy Caplan and Dave Franco's new bride, Alison Brie. Are you exhausted yet? No worries! Coffee Bean provided a much needed outpost on Klein's driveway where guests were able to refuel with a little caffeine kick. And as if that wasn't enough, guests walked out of Klein's luxe party with a parting gift, a suitcase stuffed with goodies including Caldrea products and an exquisite lipgloss from Christian Louboutin Beaute. 
/n