Kim Kardashian Reportedly Stalked By Two Men For 'At Least Three Days' Ahead Of The Armed Robbery!/n

In the 24 hours since Kim Kardashian West was robbed at gunpoint in Paris, many new details have come out about the scary incident at her hotel!
While the suspects are still on the run, a source close to French authorities tells the DailyMail it's believed two unidentified men were following the reality TV starlet around the city for "at least three days" ahead of the infamous heist. Reportedly, they were dressed as a paparazzo and a plainclothes detective, and are described to be "Caucasian" and "North African."
Related: Kim's Bodyguard Breaks His Silence After Robbery!
It's also being claimed that in addition to following the momma of two around Paris, one also tried to gain access to her hotel room ahead of the scary robbery.
Wow!
The insider continued: 
"We know there was one man who pretended to be a photographer who followed the American celebrity on a motorbike to find out her whereabouts. Another man pretended to be a plain-clothed detective to try to get a seat next to her at the exclusive Ferdi restaurant on Thursday night. But both men were fakes. The photographer tried to listen in to the conversations by other snappers but he was challenged by the genuine ones. And the so-called policeman fled when staff at Ferdi asked to see his credentials."
Very interesting.
We can't imagine Kim or her security was tipped off by this, as she took to Snapchat on Saturday to show a view of all the paps following her around town. See it (below):




#kim #kimkardashian #kimkardashianwest #kimksnapchat #kimksnapchats #kimkardashiansnapchat #kkw #fashion #style #swag #london #paris #milan #newyork #la #miami #atlanta #snapchat #kimye #kuwtk #kardashians #parisfashionweek #PFW #paparazziA photo posted by Kim Kardashian Snapchats (@kimksnapchats) on Oct 1, 2016 at 9:12am PDT


Right now, investigators are currently trying to find the two men who were reportedly in disguise.
The source dished:
"We know the license [sp] plate of one of the vehicles used, a Fiat 500, and a photograph of one of the suspects. They both appear to be French and highly professional. But this kind of robbery could only have been carried out by a sophisticated international criminal organization. It would have to be if they had any hope of re-classify the stolen jewels and sell them again."
Hopefully they're found soon!
Related: Kanye West Reschedules Tour Dates Following Kim's Armed Robbery!
And speaking on the Kardashians' team of security in Paris:
"They [the Kardashians] had three body guards to protect five members of the family staying at two different locations while flaunting their jewellery for everyone to see on the internet. Clearly this wasn't enough. When Kourtney [Kardashian] went out to the nightclub on Sunday night Pascal had to go with her – she was in the most danger. Kim was at a five star hotel which in any normal circumstances should be a safe environment."
Unfortunately, it seems that's how the group of robbers overtook the concierge in order to get into Kardashian West's room!
"There really wasn't anything the concierge could do when the guns came out. The body guards never would have let me the men upstairs if they had been there. They would have stopped the robbers from getting to Kim and putting a gun to her head or died trying. That is what they are trained to do. But this was a hotel night porter. There was nothing he could do. He had to let the robbers into Kim's apartment or they would have killed him."
What a terrible situation!
We're thankful Kim and her family are safe, but let's hope detectives can get to the bottom of this!
[Image via Pacific Coast News Online.]
/n