Bill Cosby Trial: Cop Recounts Alleged Victim Andrea Constand's Rape Nightmare/n
UPDATE June 6, 12:45 pm et-
After arriving to the Pennsylvania courthouse without his wife and family, Bill Cosby and jurors heard the testimony of the star’s alleged victim Kelly Johnson‘s mother, Dr. Patrice Sewell.
Sewell told prosecutor Kristen Feden her daughter “changed considerably” after the TV comedian sexually assaulted her in 1996. The former Williams Morris Agency employee was diagnosed with clinical depression as a result of the attack, her mother insisted.
The next witness who took the stand was attorney Joseph Miller, who deposed Johnson after she filed a workers compensation case against William Morris.
Miller said Johnson cried “several times” during the deposition when recounting Cosby’s sexual assault.
As Johnson stated during yesterday’s testimony, Miller said she awoke from a pill-induced stupor to Cosby’s naked genitals.
Finally, the responding police officer to alleged victim Andrea Constand’s case gave his testimony.
On January 13, 2005, detective David Mason said Constand was “nervous” and embarrassed” as she recounted how Cosby gave her three blue bills at his home before sexually assaulting her.
Constand told the cop she had waited to file the report due to her humiliation, and the fact that she was a “high-profile” figure at Temple University.
UPDATE- June 5, 3:30
After opening statements, assistant district attorney Stewart Ryan called his first witness, alleged victim Kelly Johnson, to the stand.
A former William Morris employee, Johnson, 55, claimed she met Cosby in her office. By 1999, he was asking her to “run lines” with him in his home.
In one incident, Cosby allegedly gave her a “large white pill.”
“I wouldn’t give anything to hurt you, trust me, it will just make you relax,” she said the comedian told her. However, she soon felt “underwater.”
“I woke in the bedroom,” she recalled in an emotional testimony. “I was wearing a
dress, it was up over my waist and down past my breast and my breasts were exposed. He put lotion in my hand and put his penis in my hand.”
She said Cosby teamed up with her employer to get her fired.
UPDATE- June 5, 2 PM ET
Prosecutors claimed Monday afternoon that Bill Cosby was well aware of his misdeeds when he allegedly drugged and sexually assaulted Andrea Constand in 2004, as the defense focused on Constand’s lack of credibility and potential missteps during time of the alleged incidents.
In her opening statement, Assistant District Attorney Kristen Feden insisted to jury that the case isn’t about consent at all, claiming that when the comedian “handed those pills to Andrea he knew what affect it would take” and that she would be unable to accept his advances.
“Trust, betrayal, and the inability to consent. That’s what this case is about. . .This is a case about a man, this man,” Feden said of Cosby, arguing he “used his power and his fame and his previously practiced method of placing a young trusting woman in an incapacitated state so that he could sexually pleasure himself so that she couldn’t say no.”
Meanwhile, Defense Attorney Brian McMonagle claimed the case had been “exhaustively investigated” in the past, with Constand’s claims purportedly found to be “untruthful time and time and time again.”
“You’re going to find out that Andrea Constand changed her story,” McMonagle told jurors. “Promise me you will stand up and find this man not guilty.”
Cosby’s lawyer also said Constand accepted luxury gifts from the wealthy star, and even willingly laid in bed with him.

Bill Cosby‘s highly anticipated sexual assault trial kicked off this morning, June 6, in the Montgomery County Courthouse with helicopters flying overhead and high security surrounding the property — and Radar has all the exclusive details from inside the courtroom!

As readers know, former Temple University employee Andrea Constand alleged that the comedian drugged and molested her in 2004 at her suburban Philadelphia home.
More than 40 women have accused the 79-year-old of sexual assault thus far.
PHOTOS: Bill Cosby Sexual Assault Case: Smiling Wife Camille Arrives For Deposition
First Day of Trial:
According to Radar’s eyewitness, Cosby entered the courtroom, chatting and smiling with the council. But it didn’t go unnoticed that the seats reserved for the shamed comedian’s “team” remained empty for quite some time.
9:35 — The jury arrives.
9:39 — The jury is sworn in; Judge Steven T. O’Neill addresses their duties and charges (three counts of aggravated indecent assault).
9:46 — Judge O’Neill reminds jury that Cosby is presumed innocent regardless of being charged of a crime, and is to be presumed innocent throughout the duration of the trial.
9:51 — Judge O’Neill discusses note taking and memory recollection, explaining those not taking notes shouldn’t be intimated by those who do, as juror notes will be destroyed by the court immediately following a verdict.
10:00 — Citing the riot act, Judge O’Neill warns the jury not to speak to anyone about the case during the trial, not even one another: “You are sequestered and will move as one.”
10:25 — Judge O’Neill continues to address the jury, implying this will be a lengthy two-week trial process.
10:27 — Judge concludes address to the jury.
Stay with Radar for incoming updates on the trial of a lifetime.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n