First Look at Alexander Skarsgård and Margot Robbie in ‘Legend of Tarzan’ Is All Kinds of Hot/n





                    Alexander Skarsgård Reveals His Inspiration Behind Dressing in Drag on the Red Carpet
                







Ever hot hot hot Alexander Skarsgård

 MORE >>





When we say hot, we mean on step out for some fresh air hot.

Alexander Skarsgård’s abs are all on display in the first look of his and Margot Robbie’s new movie, Legend of Tarzan, released by USA Today.
We’re ready to jump into the jungle:





CREDIT: Jonathan Olley


He and Robbie also have some steamy chemistry:





CREDIT: Jonathan Olley


Director David Yates (who also directed the last four Harry Potter films and is directing the upcoming Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them) told USA that Legend of Tarzan is a way for viewers to return to a properly romantic and wondrous Africa. “They haven’t been there for an awfully long time,” he commented.


Alexander Skarsgard Dresses in Drag for 'Diary of a Teenage Girl' Premiere 








































6 Photos »


Legend is also a departure from Edgar Rice Burroughs’ iconic 1910s original tale, as well as Johnny Weissmuller’s 1930s movies and other more recent adaptations that are centered upon Tarzan being raised by simians as a child and assuming his place as lord of the jungle. Instead it’s a twist on the classic in which Tarzan aka John Clayton III aka Lord Greystoke is “a decade removed from his home in the Congo and fully entrenched as a British gentleman in 1880s Victorian London, with his beloved wife Jane (Robbie) by his side.”
And according to the IMDb summary, “Tarzan, having acclimated to life in London, is called back to his former home in the jungle to investigate the activities at a mining encampment.”
Skarsgard explains, “It’s almost the opposite of the classic tale, where it’s about taming the beast. This is about a man who’s holding back and slowly as you peel off the layers, he reverts back to a more animalistic state and lets that side of his personality out.”
Tarzan’s early days in Africa are seen in flashbacks until his eventual return to the Congo.


#WCW: Margot Robbie	








































10 Photos »


As for Jane, Yates explains that she is “in no way a passive partner to Tarzan. She’s a really strong, assertive, beautifully knowledgeable, very sexy modern woman who can more than look after herself.”
“In a way, it’s a story of two human beings and how they save each other,” he adds.
Yates also remarks on the movie’s historical background: “Belgium’s King Leopold II, originally thought of as a philanthropist, took the Congo as his own colony in the 1880s and was responsible for a mass genocide that killed millions.”
The Legend of Tarzan, which also stars Djimon Hounsou as Chief Mbonga, Samuel L. Jackson as the real-life figure George Washington Williams, and Christoph Waltz as the Belgian antagonist Captain Leon Rom, is set for a July 1 release.
Read more about the movie and how the actors got into character on USA Today.
[USA Today]


Alexander Skarsgard Stops To Fill Up His Porsche 








































11 Photos »


/n