 Tiger Woods’ Girlfriend Tells All On Romance: ‘I Don’t Want It To Define Me!’.../n
Months after RadarOnline.com exclusively reported that Tiger Woods is dating Dallas-based personal stylist Kristin Smith, his girlfriend is finally speaking out about their secret romance!
“I’m happy in my personal life; it’s really full,” Smith told D Magazine when asked about her relationship with the shamed golfer. “But I think if I shared it, I’d be damned if I did, damned if I didn’t.”
Smith added, “I don’t want it to define me.”
As Radar readers know, Smith, 33, was stopped by police at Palm Beach Airport with $200,000 in cash that she claimed came from Woods, 41, on April 25, 2016.
PHOTOS: 11 Secrets & Scandals Of TV Favorite ‘The Ed Sullivan Show’
“Upon arrival I made contact with Kristin, who when asked about the money… stated is this going to be available to the public,” the incident report obtained by Radar read. “I then asked where did the money come from and did she have a receipt or proof of where the money came from. Kristin stated her boyfriend gave it to her,” the officer continued. “I asked her if her boyfriend could show proof [as] to where the money came from, to which Kristin stated she did not want to talk to me anymore.”
Smith’s cousin told Radar of the romance, “It’s awesome. But I’m not allowed to talk about it.”
An Insider revealed how they have been splitting their time between Florida and her home in Dallas.
Although Smith wouldn’t confirm the relationship when asked by Radar, she didn’t deny that she’s seeing the golfer.
PHOTOS: Rehabbed Selena Gomez Caught Listening To New Man The Weeknd On Her Phone!
The Clad Life owner was in a previous relationship with Dallas Cowboys star Gerald Sensabaugh. They share a young son Isaiah together.
Do you think they’ll go public with their romance soon? Tell us in the comments.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n