Here’s How Victoria Beckham Really Feels About the Spice Girls/n





                    Victoria Beckham Admits to Lip Syncing During Spice Girls Concerts
                







Maybe this is why there won't be a complete Spice Girls reunion tour any time soon.

 MORE >>










                    Victoria Beckham Has One Request for the Spice Girls Reunion
                







Stop right now. Thank you very much.

 MORE >>





Though Victoria Beckham refuses to get back together with the Spice Girls for a reunion tour, the singer-turned-designer as nothing but love for her former girl group. In fact, she believes being Posh Spice helped push her into a career in fashion.

“Being in the Spice Girls was so much fun, but I was never the best singer or dancer,” she tells Elle UK. “I learned an enormous amount during that time, though: the staging, the lighting, the costumes – the package excited me. But I love fashion – this is what I’m genuinely interested in.”
“When I look back at my past self, [the way I dressed and behaved] was probably a sign of my insecurities,” Victoria continues. “I feel quite confident in myself now – getting older doesn’t bother me.”





CREDIT: Kerry Hallihan


These days, the 42-year-old is more focused on her kids — daughter Harper and sons Brooklyn, Romeo, and Cruz — maintaining a strong marriage with husband David Beckham.
“Yes, he’s great,” she shares of her spouse. “During fashion week, when I’m working, the children will be in New York and he’s already planned to take them to museums then out for dinner on Saturday night, so he is very good at that sort of thing – as am I. That’s how you can show your support in a marriage, by saying, ‘You know what, I’ve got this.’ That’s what makes a good partnership.”
Though the Beckhams’ marriage hit a bit of a rough patch in 2004 amid allegations that David had an affair with his personal assistant, Victoria insists their relationship couldn’t be any better these days. “David and I both respect that each of us are very, very busy,” she says. “We are both running big businesses, but we do put the phones down, and sometimes we just talk.”


David & Victoria Beckham Through the Years








































18 Photos »


/n