Golden Globes 2017: Ryan Reynolds, ‘Strangers Things’ Cast and More React to Their Nominations/n





                    2017 Golden Globes Nominations
                







'La La Land' and 'Moonlight' lead the pack. 

 MORE >>





A lot of people in Hollywood woke up to great news on Monday (Dec. 12, 2016) when the nominations for the 2017 Golden Globe Awards were announced. There were tons of love for La La Land and Moonlight, while actresses like Lily Collins, Hailee Steinfeld and Ruth Negga were all beyond ecstatic to receive their first Golden Globes nod.

Here are some of the most delightful reactions.
Ryan Renolds

Thank you, Golden Globes! As we speak, the entire Deadpool team is engaged in a grotesque, early morning tickle-fight. pic.twitter.com/l2LJT32tAi
— Ryan Reynolds (@VancityReynolds) December 12, 2016

Strangers Things cast

When you wake up to #GoldenGlobes nominations for best drama series and best actress in a drama Winona Ryder: pic.twitter.com/Kw5JkXD4TM
— Stranger Things (@Stranger_Things) December 12, 2016


Lily Collins



The moment your mom captures you being nominated for your first Golden Globe. Priceless. I still can’t breathe. Beyond honored, thankful, and proud. This can’t be real!…
A photo posted by Lily Collins (@lilyjcollins) on Dec 12, 2016 at 6:09am PST



Kerry Washington

We must champion brave voices in times of adversity. Thank u @goldenglobes 4 acknowledging #CONFIRMATION in this way! Humbled by the nom
— kerry washington (@kerrywashington) December 12, 2016


Evan Rachel Wood

Ahhhhh! Amazing! Congratulations to all these talented ladies. ❤️✌️ https://t.co/RFTOw887M9
— #EvanRachelWould (@evanrachelwood) December 12, 2016

Rachel Bloom

WOW. Once again, you have made my dreams come true, @goldenglobes. I and everyone at #CrazyExGirlfriend are BEYOND grateful!!!
— Rachel Bloom (@Racheldoesstuff) December 12, 2016


Gina Rodriguez

Thank you @HFPA I maybe across the world but in my heart im hugging each one of you. And thank you @JennieUrman for making me your Jane.
— Gina Rodriguez (@HereIsGina) December 12, 2016

Julia Louis-Dreyfus

Huge thanks to the Hollywood Foreign Press Association and the Russian hackers that made our nominations possible. @goldenglobes @VeepHBO
— Julia Louis-Dreyfus (@OfficialJLD) December 12, 2016


Chrissy Metz

I can’t even express the love and gratitude I have for the incredible artists of @NBCThisisUs! Congratulations to the entire company! #hfp
— Chrissy Metz (@ChrissyMetz) December 12, 2016

Ruth Negga

“I am profoundly grateful for this recognition… I can’t thank the HFPA enough for their support, this is such an honor. I am humbled to be in the company of all of these extraordinary, talented, and powerful women. It has been such a gift to share Mildred and Richard Loving’s important story with the world. I share this honor with my partner in the film, Joel Edgerton, our incredible director Jeff Nichols and everyone involved in bringing Loving to life.”

Hailee Steinfeld

CALL ME A GOLDEN GLOBE NOMINEE!!! OH MY GOD. I’m in tears. And on a plane. About to take off. AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!#EdgeOf17
— Hailee Steinfeld (@HaileeSteinfeld) December 12, 2016


Amy Adams
“Thank you so much to the Hollywood Foreign Press Association who have always been so incredibly supportive of me throughout my career.  I’m really honored to be recognized for Arrival, a film I so deeply loved working on.  Thank you to Eric for his brilliant script, Jeremy for being an amazing partner and Denis for his incredible guidance and capturing the true heart and soul of this film. I’d also like to congratulate Tom Ford and Aaron Taylor Johnson for their Nocturnal Animals nominations.”
Jessica Chastain
“I’m thrilled to be acknowledged in this talented peer group with such amazing actresses. I would not be here without the brilliant direction of John Madden. Thank you to EuropaCorp for making such a daring film, particularly now, and thank you to the HFPA for this honor.”
Octavia Spencer
“I am deeply humbled to be nominated for a Golden Globe for playing this particular role. The women of Hidden Figures story are hidden no more. Thank you HFPA.”
Lin-Manuel Miranda
“Gracias. Merci. Grazie. Danke sehr. Mahalo. Thank you Hollywood Foreign Press Association for this tremendous honor. Congratulations to my fellow nominees. Over two years ago, I was lucky enough to have been given my dream job, writing songs for a Disney animated film, alongside the amazing Opetaia Foa’i & Mark Mancina. Today, for Moana to be recognized for what we created is truly beyond comprehension. ‘How Far I’ll Go’ not only embodies the spirit of our heroine but the central lesson from the film—dream big, listen to your gut, don’t give up, never forget where you came from, and one day you might just save the world.”
Nicole Kidman
“This nomination is even more emotional and I’m more grateful than ever before. Thank you to the Hollywood Foreign Press!”
Natalie Portman
“I’m so honored to be recognized by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association. I had such a beautiful experience making this film with the most wonderful cast and crew, and particularly with our great director, Pablo Larrain, that it feels like icing on the cake to be nominated.”
Viola Davis
“I am so grateful to be recognized for the work brought to life by August Wilson. Thank you to the HFPA for honoring this story of the human experience.”
Colin Farrell
“The Hollywood Foreign Press Association has made being awoken by your publicist at 5 am a really lovely thing! Best alarm call in the world to be told you’ve received a Golden Globe nom…so grateful to be included with this incredible group of actors and indebted also to Yorgos Lanthimos and Efthymis Filippou for creating such a character and film as ours and to A24 for pushing it as they did. Thank you HFPA for recognizing all of our efforts and for the continued support.”
Mahershala Ali
“I’d like to thank the Hollywood Foreign Press for recognizing and embracing our film, Moonlight. I’m sincerely humbled by this honor. Barry Jenkins and Tarell Alvin McCraney were so brave to entrust us with the responsibility of bringing these extraordinary characters to life. I’m truly blessed to have had the opportunity to contribute in some small way.”
Matt Damon
“Congratulations to our incredible crew and a deep thank you to Kenny Lonergan and the entire cast who poured their hearts and souls into this, and thank you as well to the HFPA for championing a little movie like ours.”
/n