Charlie Hunnam Actually Really Hates Filming Sex Scenes/n





                    Charlie Hunnam is Totally Okay with Full-Frontal Nudity
                







We're okay with this, too. 

 MORE >>










                    Charlie Hunnam's Workout Includes Having a Lot of Sex
                







We volunteer to be his gym buddy. 

 MORE >>





There might be another reason as to why Charlie Hunnam dropped out of Fifty Shades of Grey.

Though, at the time, he claimed he left the erotic flick due to a conflict in schedule, the hunky actor recently revealed that he just really, really hates filming sex scenes.
“I try to be sensitive to the fact that we’re doing something intimate, but also keep a clear boundary. Because I’m in a very committed relationship, and I’m also cognizant that it’s not my girlfriend’s favorite part of my job,” he told Elle. “It’s a delicate balance to strike—to be emotionally open enough to have an experience that feels honest between two people but also maintain that it’s just for the film. It’s not my favorite thing to do. I’m also a germophobe.”
“I’ve been profoundly germophobic since I was a young child. I don’t want to kiss anyone but my girlfriend for my whole life,” Hunnam, who’s currently dating jewelry designer Morgana McNelis, continued. “When I was maybe eight or nine, there was a parasite from dogs in the north of England that, if you ingested it, could turn you blind. We had a thing in schools to educate the kids about the importance of hygiene, specifically around dogs, because we had a few kids who went blind. That horrified me. The point is, everyone thinks it’s great to be an actor and get to kiss a bunch of beautiful actresses in films, but I actually hate it.”


Celebrities who are Obsessed With 'fifty Shades of Grey'








































13 Photos »


While Hunnam is hesitant to swap spit with his co-stars, he has no problems stripping down for the camera. For the 36-year-old, whose naked butt we’ve ogled countless times on Sons of Anarchy, he’s perfectly okay with being objectified by fans.
“I don’t view myself that way,” he said. “I obviously am cognizant of the fact that being handsome gives me greater breadth of opportunity. I’d hope that what I bring to the table far surpasses just being handsome.”
Though he approves of Jamie Dornan filling his shoes in the Fifty Shades film franchise, Hunnam admittedly has never seen any of the movies.
“I developed a friendship with [director Sam Taylor-Johnson], but that was a somewhat traumatic experience for me,” he shared. “I didn’t want to open that wound.”


Charlie Hunnam Looks Smoking in 'Men's Health'






















3 Photos »


/n