Leolah Brown Interrupts Bobbi Kristina’s Funeral, ‘Whitney Houston Will Haunt Pat Houston From Her Grave’/n





                    Inside Bobbi Kristina Brown's Wake 
                







The Houstons and Browns pay separate visits to mourn Bobbi Kristina.

 MORE >>





A funeral service for Bobbi Kristina Brown was held at the Saint James United Methodist Church in Alpharetta, Georgia on August 1, 2015.

The Houstons and the Browns arrived in separate limousines to mourn the loss of Whitney Houston’s daughter. Her casket arrived two hours prior to the service before the families arrived at 10:15 a.m.
Police shut down six blocks in each direction of the church to respect the privacy of the well-known families. Us Weekly reports that police were recruited to check guest identification as devastated fans lined up with signs around the Georgia church.
Bobbi Kristina’s longtime partner Nick Gordon was not in attendance after sending email pleas for admittance to the 22 year-old’s father, Bobby Brown. However, Gordon’s absence did not keep drama from ensuing, courtesy of an outburst from Bobbi Kristina’s aunt, Leolah Brown.
TMZ reports that Leolah Brown threw a fit as Bobbi Kristina’s maternal aunt Pat Houston prepared to speak during the funeral service, exclaiming, “Pat you know you are wrong for this!”
Leolah previously accused Pat of trying to profit from her niece’s death by soliciting fan donations for her foundation.


Family and Friends Mourn Bobbi Kristina Brown








































41 Photos »


The enraged aunt was escorted from the church by security with the help of Tyler Perry, ranting to the press as she made a boisterous exit. “It is not over. It has just begun,” she threatened.
“Whitney [Houston] will rise from the grave to haunt her.”
A video of Leolah Brown sounding off to the paparazzi is available to watch on TMZ.
The ceremony continued with speeches from family and friends, including the aforementioned Perry, and concluded with the song “Jesus Loves Me” as sung by Houston. Though he did not make a speech, TMZ disclosed that Bobby Brown included a special message in the funeral program that read, “I also will always love you”.

/n