Jon Jones Tests Positive for Steroids after UFC 214/nJon Jones has tested positive for steroids in his UFC 214 victory over Daniel Cormier﻿ ... TMZ Sports has learned. Our sources tell us ... Jones tested positive for Turinabol -- an anabolic steroid.   Jones won the July 29 fight -- taking the UFC light heavyweight belt from Cormier with a savage head kick followed by a barrage of punishing punches to Cormier's head.  Jones will now go through the disciplinary process and his title could be stripped, which would make the fight a  "no contest " and the title would go back to Cormier.  It's the second time Jones has failed a USADA drug test. He tested positive for banned substances in 2016 before UFC 200 and was pulled from the main event. Jones got socked with a 1 year ban. We're told this time around, he could be banned for up to 4 years.  Jones had blamed his previous failed test on a male enhancement pill. He claimed he didn't realize the pill contained a banned substance and insisted he was NOT trying to gain a competitive edge.  If the test results hold up, it's unclear how he'll explain his way out of this one. Story developing ...  ﻿7:25 PM PT -- A rep for Jon Jones released the following statement ...  "We are all at a complete loss for words right now. Jon, his trainers, his nutritionists and his entire camp have worked tirelessly and meticulously the past 12 months to avoid this exact situation. "  "We are having the samples tested again to determine the validity or source of contamination. Jon is crushed by this news and we are doing whatever we can as a team to support him. " 7:01 PM PT -- ﻿A rep for Daniel Cormier tells TMZ Sports ...  "It is very hard not to feel cheated. Again! " 6:25 PM PT -- The UFC released a statement saying they were notified today by USADA of a  "potential Anti-Doping Policy violation violation stemming from an in-competition sample collected following [Jones] weigh-in on July 28, 2017 " ... the day before UFC 214. The statement goes on to say,  "under the UFC Anti-Doping Policy, there is a full and fair legal process that is afforded to all athletes before any sanctions are imposed. "/n