DeMario Jackson Breaks His Silence on Corinne Olympios Amid ‘Bachelor in Paradise’ Scandal/n





                    Chris Harrison Breaks His Silence on 'Bachelor in Paradise' Scandal
                







“There’s a lot of misinformation out there.”

 MORE >>










                    Corinne Olympios Regrets Nothing
                







Corinne Olympios says she regrets nothing from her time on 'The Bachelor'. 

 MORE >>





DeMario Jackson doesn’t think he did anything wrong as investigators continue to look into the sex scandal that shut down production of Bachelor in Paradise.

While leaving a Starbucks in Los Angeles Tuesday (June 13, 2017), the Bachelorette alum broke his silence about fellow contestant Corinne Olympios. Facing allegations that he had oral sex with his co-star without her consent, DeMario had “no comment” when asked what really happened on set.
“I have nothing to say. You know, Corinne’s an awesome girl and that’s all I have to say,” he said in a paparazzi video obtained by Entertainment Tonight. “Love you all, thank you for the support.”
According to TMZ, DeMario also wants Warner Bros. to release whatever footage they have on the encounter, which transpired in a swimming pool at a Mexican resort. He believes the tapes will show that Corinne was lucid during their tryst and consented to engaging in sexual activities.



A post shared by Corinne Olympios (@colympios) on Mar 16, 2017 at 3:19pm PDT



As reported, production of the ABC reality show was halted indefinitely after a field producer filed a complaint claiming Corinne was too drunk to consent DeMario when the two got physical on the set. “There was hugging and kissing and touching, but before long, she seemed to go limp,” a source told the New York Post. “DeMario kept trying to hold her up and … he appeared to be having intercourse with her.”
“After he finished — which only lasted a few seconds — he lifted her out of the water and laid her on the cement, where he proceeded to have oral sex with her,” the insider added. “She appeared to be unconscious. At that point, some of the crew came out and carried her off to her room. She was limp and seemed unable to walk on her own.”
Those close to Corinne are claiming the former Bachelor star was too intoxicated at the time to understand what was happening.



A post shared by Corinne Olympios (@colympios) on Apr 7, 2017 at 2:40pm PDT



/n