Grey's Anatomy's Custody Battle: Are You Team Callie or Team Arizona? After declaring war on one another last week, last night's episode of Grey's Anatomy was all about Callie and Arizona getting to work to gather their t.../n
After declaring war on one another last week, last night's episode of Grey's Anatomy was all about Callie and Arizona getting to work to gather their troops.Now that Callie (Sara Ramirez) is steadfast in taking their daughter Sofia across the country to follow her girlfriend Penny (Samantha Sloyan)—a decision that Arizona (Jessica Capshaw) is understandably not OK with—the formerly-friendly exes spent most of the hour going from doc to doc, each trying to secure enough support for their case against the other in the inevitable courtroom battle over custody. As for the results of their recruitment push—well, they were surprisingly slight.

Several of the friends that each thought they could readily depend on for support (cough, Karev) shot Callie and Arizona down after maturely reminding them that they're all friends and they're not in the business of choosing sides. That said, they each did manage to score some small victories last night. Callie was eventually able to secure Meredith (Ellen Pompeo) and Owen's (Kevin McKidd) support, while Arizona certainly seems to have Webber (James Pickens Jr.) in her corner. (Side note: Is anyone else continually tickled by Arizona and Webber being BFFs?)The most surprising show of support, however, was what Penny did not for girlfriend Callie, but for Arizona. After the pediatric surgeon went full Chernobyl in the face of her ex-wife's new lover, her behavior was kept under wraps by Penny when she was pumped by Callie for ammunition to use against her foe. Might Penny be the one to put an end to this destructive custody battle as we reach the season's end by simply ending things with Callie for the good of the child in the middle? Something to consider.But before you consider that, you've got a different decision to make. It's time to tell us what team you're on in Grey's Anatomy's Great Custody Battle of 2016. Vote in our poll below and sound off in the comments with your reasons why.Grey's Anatomy airs Thursdays at 8 p.m. on ABC.
/n