semifinal match, this was most definitely not the case. Drake, 28, showed his support from the stands as Serena, 33, took on Italian tennis player Roberta Vinci. At one point during the match, Drake's hit "Hold On We're Going .../n
OK, Drake: You're wayyyy up, so go ahead and feel blessed.The rapper's music was featured heavily during Serena Williams' HSN Signature Statement runway show Tuesday during New York Fashion Week. The Degrassi: Next Generation alum was there, of course, sitting front row and center next to Anna Wintour (!).Yes, Drake was having a moment, and because Serena's show went well, he might have even gotten to celebrate with his rumored girlfriend afterwards. Last week, though, when Serena lost the U.S. Open semifinal match, this was most definitely not the case.

Drake, 28, showed his support from the stands as Serena, 33, took on Italian tennis player Roberta Vinci. At one point during the match, Drake's hit "Hold On We're Going Home" began playing and the crowd erupted in applause.The night before the big game, Drake joined Serena and a group of pals for dinner at the 21 Club's famous wine cellar. According to an eyewitness, the group enjoyed burgers and caviar—sounds like somebody was getting some protein in before the big game!Unfortunately, though, Serena ended up losing what was arguably one of the biggest games of her career. Naturally, the Internet was quick to #BlameDrake as a bad luck omen of sorts! (The tennis star herself obviously isn't faulting her rumored beau for her defeat—if she was, she wouldn't have invited him to her NYFW show!)

These two are trying (somewhat) to maintain a low profile, although earlier this week TMZ obtained photos of Serena and Drake engaging in a steamy make out sesh at a Cincinnati restaurant. Sources tell E! News the duo have been talking romantically for the past month, but they were friends for some time prior to that.Reps for both stars have declined to comment publicly on this budding romance, but if Serena's show's soundtrack is indicative of anything, it would certainly seem she's a fan of Drake's.—Additional Reporting by Lindsey Caldwell
/n