Inside Jeff Lewis' First 12 Days as a Dad: How the Flipping Out Star Is Enjoying Life With His Baby Girl "We are very excited, but I'm also a little terrified," Jeff shared with People in the spring. "I'm trying.../n
When it comes to life as a parent, Jeff Lewis is flipping out for all the right reasons.For the past 12 days, the Bravo star's life has completed changed with the arrival of his firstborn daughter with Gage Edward.And while the new parent is experiencing feelings of exhaustion, it won't stop him from sharing all the special moments in baby Monroe's life."Day 12 and she's still alive!" he wrote to his followers on Instagram Monday morning. "#milestone #wegotthis #butwearetired."It's a different mindset from when Jeff and Gage were eagerly waiting for their baby girl to arrive. After multiple attempts at adoption didn't work out, the couple decided to use a surrogate in order to expand the family.

"We are very excited, but I'm also a little terrified," Jeff shared with People in the spring. "I'm trying to decide if I'm more terrified or excited, but I think it's normal."Baby Monroe ultimately arrived with plenty of love from Jeff, Gage and their closest friends. Flipping Out co-worker Jenni Pulos congratulated the couple online as soon as she heard the good news."Happiest Aunt on the planet. What a beautiful day, what a beautiful girl," she wrote on social media. "Biggest congratulations @jljefflewis #gageedward welcome to the greatest days of your life."She added, "Brilliant little one, she already digs Auntie's raps!"

Monroe also probably digs the incredible nursery both parents put together. Just three weeks ago, Jeff gave fans a preview of the special room that included furniture, toys and a crib that any baby would appreciate.While the happy family prepare for the holidays, one thing is also certain about this gang. There's a lot of love between Gage and Jeff."I've had several relationships, and I always feel like people try to change me, but he's kind of embraced the crazy," Jeff recently shared on Access Hollywood Live. "And you're right, he is amused [by me]. And it's just a really nice relationship and a nice dynamic."(E! and Bravo are part of the NBCUniversal family)
/n