certainly don't think she was ready for on that film." He added, "I learned that I'll never make a film with supermodels again." Directors Mark Romanek and Lorene Scafaria, who have worked with Knightley in the past,.../n
John Carney is regretting some not-so-nice remarks he made about Keira Knightley, and now he's trying to make amends.The Begin Again director penned an apology, which was posted on social media today, after receiving some backlash for criticizing the actress' talent during an interview with The Independent."I said a number of things about Keira which were petty, mean and hurtful," he wrote. "I'm ashamed of myself that I can say such things and I've been trying to account what they say about me. In trying to pick holes in my own work, I ended up blaming someone else. That's not only bad directing, that's shoddy behaviour that I'm not in any way proud of. It's arrogant and disrespectful."



The Weinstein Company

Carney then praised Knightley's work on the film, calling her "nothing but professional and dedicated," and noting that her work "contributed hugely to its success."The Irish director went on to share that he personally apologized to the star, but wanted to extend a public mea culpa to anyone he's offended. "It's not something that I could ever justify, and will never repeat."So what did he say to begin with? Carney questioned Knightley's skills as a "film actor" when speaking of their time shooting the 2013 film, which the star plays a guitar-playing singer-songwriter, during the interview."Keira's thing is to hide who you are and I don't think you can be an actor and do that," he said. "I don't want to rubbish Keira, but you know it's hard being a film actor and it requires a certain level of honesty and self-analysis that I don't think she's ready for yet," he continued, "and I certainly don't think she was ready for on that film."He added, "I learned that I'll never make a film with supermodels again."Directors Mark Romanek and Lorene Scafaria, who have worked with Knightley in the past, took to Twitter to defend the star, calling her "utterly spectacular on every level," as Romanek put it, and "just lovely," as Scafaria wrote.Meanwhile, Knightley has remained mum on the matter.
/n