So Spoiled: ‘Jane the Virgin’ Might Need to Change Its Name Soon!/n





                    Jesse Williams Talks BET Speech, Anton Yelchin's Death and What to Expect on 'Grey's Anatomy' This Season
                







Jesse Williams also took the time to talk about the late Anton Yelchin.

 MORE >>





Warning! Spoilers ahead!

Shows are wrapping up and finales are premiering, and if you watch certain shows (*cough* Game of Thrones *cough*), people are dropping like flies! But never fear, summer is loaded with great shows and fresh programming is just around the bend in the fall. We’ve got new info on How to Get Away with Murder, Pretty Little Liars and more!

Love Jane the Virgin? Get a load of this not-so-subtle hint about next season!
“Jane will lose her virginity this year,” announced executive producer Jennie Snyder Urman. “In what context and with who remains to be seen.” [Entertainment Weekly]

Desperate for an update on season 3 of How to Get Away with Murder?
“Annalise Keating may soon come under scrutiny for her unorthodox teaching methods: The Shondaland thriller will introduce the ‘self-assured, friendly and warm’ president of a university for a major Season 3 recurring arc,” relayed Michael Ausiello. [TV Line]


Paul Wesley, Ian Somerhalder, Gina Rodriguez and More at CW Upfronts 2016








































8 Photos »


Can’t wait to learn more about Mary Drake on Pretty Little Liars?
“We’re going to have a lot of fun learning about her relationship with Elliott, how they met, their relationship with Charlotte, are Elliott and Mary really on the same page or do they have different goals and what exactly are those goals,” said executive producer Charlie Craig. “That’s going to be a very interesting story to tell, and also, what Mary’s ties are to the girls, to this town. We know a little bit about her history and we’re going to learn a lot more.” [Entertainment Weekly]

Could having a baby reunite Jackson and April next season on Grey’s Anatomy?
“It’s day to day with Jackson and April,” said actor Jesse Williams. “They can have a very civil, mature conversation one moment, then be at each other’s throats [the next], because real life is like that. We carry frustrations and baggage and grudges.” [TV Line]


‘Game of Thrones’: Stills from Season 6 Finale 'The Winds of Winter'








































6 Photos »


/n