Readers Respond: Are Jennifer Aniston & Justin Theroux Moving Too Fast?/n





                    Jen's Men
                







The fellas in Miss Aniston's romantic life.

 MORE >>










                    Jen's Handprint Ceremony!
                







Aniston get immortalized in H'Wood.

 MORE >>










                    Jen: LBD Queen
                







No one rocks them like Jennifer Aniston.

 MORE >>





Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux have taken things to the next level in their relationship by moving in together, and while we love these two as a couple, is it the right decision?
Although they’ve only been together for a few months, according to People, J and J have temporarily moved into a home in the Hollywood Hills while they search for something more permanent.
We decided to ask our readers on Facebook if you think they made the right move (literally) or if they should slow down.

Love X. thinks that these two could slow down a bit: “Yes a tad bit too fast.”
Trisha M. thinks that they are free to do what they want: “Who cares its there business!!!”
Elita C. is loving this news! “Glad for Jen , seem he is the man for her :) Go Jen !!!!”
 

jen & justin hold hands in london!








































14 Photos »



Monica D. says more power to her! “Who cares??!! She deserves to be happy after Brad did her wrong!”
Jesica A. says it depends on the couple: “My fiancé and I moved into after being together for 1 month and that was 2 years ago! Everyone is different. It can work for some but not everyone.”
Andrea U. is happy for Jen: “Team Aniston! As long as she is happy, that’s all that counts.”
We think Maxine X. sums it up best: “So happy for the both of you hope everything works out all the best x”
 

jen in london!








































9 Photos »



So, the overall consensus seems to be that even if it is too fast, as long as Jen is happy that is what matters! We have to admit, we agree. Do you? Let us know in the comments!
/n