So Spoiled: A ‘Game of Thrones’ Spinoff in ‘Embryonic’ Stage /n





                    This Beloved 'Game of Thrones' Character Is Finally Coming Back for Season 7
                







Major spoiler alert!

 MORE >>





Dying for the latest news on your favorites shows? Rest assured because we’ve scoured the internet and dug up some exciting new info on everything from Supergirl to The Vampire Diaries!

Hoping Game of Thrones will somehow continue after Season 8 draws to a close? You’re not alone! HBO’s CEP Richard Plepler addressed the speculation in a new interview, saying a spinoff is in “embryonic conversations.”
“It certainly has not escaped [HBO president of programming] Casey [Bloys] and myself that there might be some brand extension [for GOT] that would be exciting. It certainly has not escaped the producers,” Plepler stated. [The Hollywood Reporter]

Curious when Mon-El is going to share that secret for Kara on Supergirl?
“Secrets are never healthy in a relationship and obviously Mon-El is holding onto something,” EP Andrew Kreisberg shared. “We got a little taste that his life on Daxam might not be as over as we think from the glimpse of the space farers, who are on the hunt for him. So it will definitely play a big part in their relationship moving forward.” [Entertainment Tonight]


Ian Somerhalder and Nikki Reed Attend WE Day California








































8 Photos »


Wondering if we’ll get one more dance scene before Vampire Diaries draws to a close?
“I think I can finally admit defeat that we weren’t able to fit in a final decade dance before the series ends, which I’m very sad about,” EP Julie Plec revealed. “But we do have Miss Mystic Falls coming up, and of course, our most famous dancing has been done there.” [TV Line]

We’ve got good news, Blindspot fans! It appears Jane and Weller are headed for good things!
“Both Weller and Jane have gone through a very traumatic experience the last season and a half, and they are uniquely capable of understanding each other in a way that I don’t think anybody else can,” said EP Martin Gero. “Their friendship and relationship really blossoms in the second half of the season.” [Entertainment Weekly]


Joe Jonas and Sophie Turner Out and About in LA








































8 Photos »


/n