Celine Dion Haunted By Her Late Husband, René Angélil/n
Heartbroken widow Celine Dion is trapped in a romantic nightmare — she is still desperately in love with her late hubby-manager, René Angélil, and is haunted by him every waking moment!
“I’m still in love with him,’ the 48-year-old songbird said. “There’s a song from Sia, ‘I go to sleep and imagine that you’re there with me.’ And I go to bed with him. And I come on stage with him. And so I’m still married to him.’
Angélil, father of her three sons, died at age 73 from throat cancer on Jan. 14.
He began managing Dion when she was 12. He was 38 when they wed 14 years later in 1994.
PHOTOS: Celine Dion’s Son Seen For The First Time Since Dad’s Death — With Bleached Hair!
Now, in a bombshell admission, Dion confesses that Angélil was the only man she’s ever made love with, saying: “I never kissed another man in my life.’
She’s tried to move on, getting a makeover in Paris this summer, but can’t accept that he’s gone.
Relationship expert Dr. Gilda Carle, author of Don’t Bet on the Prince!, tells RadarOnline.com Dion can find new love — but it won’t be easy.
“It is going to be very difficult for Celine to move on, because she knows that she will never be able to replace René ,’ Dr. Carle noted. “What she should be open to is a friendship with another man, and see where that leads to, but she needs to be careful of the sharks out there.’
PHOTOS: Celine Dion Copies Zendaya Coleman’s Style In Wacky Retro Outfit
Added Dr. Judy Rosenberg, CEO of PsychologicalHealingCenter.com: “For her to move on, she needs time and healing to let go and allow another love in.‘
Dr. Carle agreed: “It’s got to take time and cannot be rushed. Friends first, then lovers later.’
Sadly, the devastated songstress has vowed never to marry again.
“Celine told a pal, ‘René was the love of my life…No other man can ever replace him.”
PHOTOS: Check Out Celine Dion’s Master Piece
But Dr. Carle insisted, “Never say never. She just needs to keep her heart open to the possibility.’
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n