Scott Disick Partied Like a Rock Star in Aspen, Kourtney Kardashian Stayed Home with Their Newborn Baby/n





                    Sister love?
                







Scott Disick reveals he is in love with Khloe Kardashian in new Instagram

 MORE >>










                    Real Estate
                







Scott Disick eyeing $6 million penthouse in Tel Aviv. Take a tour!

 MORE >>





Scott Disick and his buddies had a boys trip in Aspen, Co. last weekend, where they reportedly trashed a hotel room, drank oodles of alcohol (worth thousands of dollars), and in general had a debaucherous time.
You would think Scott’s a little above drunkenly destroying a hotel room now that he’s a father of three and well into his thirties, especially given his past issues with substance abuse, sobriety and responsibility. Kourtney Kardashian, meanwhile, stayed home to take care of their kids.

 

scott disick and kourtney shut down rumors of splitting








































26 Photos »



Scott, 31, was in Aspen with some guys including famed graffiti artist Alec Monopoly. Monopoly posted these two photos including Scott:




 #Aspen
Une photo publiée par Alec Monopoly (@alecmonopoly) le Janv. 9, 2015 at 4:07 PST







 Monopz and the Lord in Town! #Scottsdale
A photo posted by Alec Monopoly (@alecmonopoly) on Jan 14, 2015 at 8:35pm PST



Meanwhile, his partner Kourtney Kardashian, 35, (and mother of his 3 children – Mason, 5, Penelope, 2, and one-month old Reign Aston Disick) stayed at home taking care of their children.
Kourtney teased this photo of newborn son Reign (with cute Penelope looking on!): 




 Brothers and sisters.
Zdjęcie zamieszczone przez użytkownika Kourtney Kardashian (@kourtneykardash) Sty 15, 2015 at 5:47 PST



She also posted this pic on Saturday night:




 Perfect Saturday night steeze. #slippers #inbed #bestfriends
A photo posted by Kourtney Kardashian (@kourtneykardash) on Jan 10, 2015 at 7:08pm PST



TMZ reports sources at the boys’ Aspen hotel, Hotel Jerome, told them that after Scott and his crew returned from a night out the first night, one of the guys jumped over the hotel lobby bar, stole a bottle (presumably of Johnny Walker Black Label) and took it back with them to the room.
The hotel didn’t call the cops, but instead charged them $400 for it.
Scott and co. then later ordered $840 worth of alcohol, and $600 worth of booze the next night.
Because guests complained to the hotel about the smell of weed, hotel staffers were sent up to the room to check in with the boys. When Scott and his party checked out of the hotel, they left the room littered with alcohol bottles and cigarette butts. Because the hotel was non-smoking, they fined them an extra $500.
Scott has had ongoing issues with sobriety, which fueled rumors that he and Kourtney were headed towards splittsville just last month. Last summer, Kourtney even threw Scott out of their Hampton’s house for partying too much.



/n