Jay Z's Team Slammed For Alleged Love Child Cover-Up — Will Beyonce Stand By Him?/n
Jay Z‘s legal team has just been delivered a shocking blow in the heated battle over rumors he fathered a love child, RadarOnline.com has learned. Will this be the last straw for his marriage to Beyonce?
Radar has obtained an exclusive letter the President of the Families Civil Liberties Union, Gregory T. Roberts, wrote to the 46-year-rap mogul’s legal defense team. Roberts slams the rapper’s attorneys for not forcing him to take a DNA test proving whether he fathered a secret son, Rymir Satterthwaite.
Roberts wrote, “If Jay Z is innocent, I’m curious why you don’t advise him to take the paternity test rather than create false battles and artificial conflict with an upstanding not-for-profit. I have been 100% cooperative with you.”
“In turn, you seem determined to create a frivolous legal blizzard of subpoenas in a futile attempt to find some hidden treasure trove of information that we don’t have.”

“This case … appears to involve a politically connected law firm that leverages the legal system as a sword and, through cozy relations with judges and politicians, receives a sweetheart deal that denies the legal rights of others,” Roberts alleged.
As Radar was the first to report, Jay Z has been dodging having to take a paternity test brought on by Satterthwaite, guardian Lillie Collie and the now-22-year-old’s mother Wanda, who is said to have dated the rapper over two decades ago.
PHOTOS: Legitimate Son? Jay Z & Alleged Love Child Are Almost ‘Identical,’ Doctor Says — 10 Pics Of Their ‘Similar’ Features
Last week, the FCLU championed the case in hopes of proving that Jay Z’s legal team not only worked in collusion with the local court system, but also violated their 14th amendment rights.
Robert concluded, “Like Beyonce, who stands against police officers who overstep their power, we stand against lawyers who seek an unfair advantage with friendly judges and legally abuse adversaries seeking fairness in the judicial system. Only you can know if you fall into that category. If you do think you are in that category, we (of course) would hate to find Jay-Z falling victim to a predatory lawyer using him for his money.”
The case – which started in 2010 – is currently in the federal court system and under FBI investigation.
Story Developing…
Do you think that Jay Z is the father of Rymir Satterthwaite? Tell us your thoughts below. /n