Kal Penn Got The Ultimate Revenge On Racist Twitter Troll — While Also Fighting Against Donald Trump's Immigration Ban!/n

Kal Penn is turning racist lemons into some seriously powerful lemonade!
The actor and political activist received a racist remark on Instagram Saturday following Donald Trump's awful immigration ban.
Penn shared a screenshot of the foul message on Twitter, in which the racist user told the actor he didn't "belong here," calling him a "fucking joke."
Related: Trump Blames 'Computer Outages' For People Detained At Airports
Well, it looks like Kal is the one laughing now, because the internet shitbag inspired him to start a fundraising page for Syrian Refugees! He shared: 

To the dude who said I don't belong in America, I started a fundraising page for Syrian Refugees in your name. https://t.co/NOR5P48fBi pic.twitter.com/jtJOsK9GrU
— Kal Penn (@kalpenn) January 28, 2017
The best part of all this? Penn has already raised over HALF A MILLION DOLLARS!!!
As of Monday, the CrowdRise donation page had raised over $544,000 — all of the money will go toward supporting the International Rescue Committee.
A statement on the donation page reads:
"We are better than the hateful people who tell us we don't belong in our own country, that America can't be a beacon of freedom and hope for refugees from around the world. We will turn their bigotry, along with the President's, into love."
We love it!
Related: Republicans Stand Up To Trump Over Immigration Ban!
The 39-year-old actor — who also served as Associate Director in the White House Office of Public Engagement under Barack Obama's administration — has been a vocal opponent of Drumpf's immigration ban since the beginning.
After the order was signed, he shared his thoughts — and the effects of the ban — on Twitter:

Our president just did the very mean-spirited, un-American thing of not welcoming refugees to our incredible country for at least 120 days
— Kal Penn (@kalpenn) January 28, 2017


My friend Mike just sent this heartbreaking text about his refugee friend. Families are being torn apart. Shame on us. This is un-American. pic.twitter.com/eefHr9yo5v
— Kal Penn (@kalpenn) January 28, 2017
We applaud the Harold & Kumar star for getting involved in a cause and actively turning hate into love! Click HERE to see how you can donate!
[Image via C.Smith/WENN.]
/n