Kate Middleton and Prince William Teaching Their Kids ‘Kindness, Respect and Honesty’ Lead Today’s Star Sightings/n





                    These Photos of Kate Middleton Bonding with a Baby Are the Cutest
                







Mom mode activated!

 MORE >>










                    Kate Middleton Wears Princess Diana's Tiara in New Family Portrait with Prince William
                







The legacy lives on. 

 MORE >>





Kate Middleton and Prince William don’t want their kids to live in a royal bubble.

The parents-of-two recently opened up about instilling strong values in their children — 3-year-old Prince George and 1-year-old Princess Charlotte — at an early age.
“People often ask me why I am so interested in the mental health of children and young people,” she said during a visit to a London school in honor of Children’s Mental Health Week, according to People. “The answer is quite simple: it is because I think that every child should have the best possible start in life.”
“My parents taught me about the importance of qualities like kindness, respect and honesty. I realize how central values like these have been to me throughout my life,” she shared. “That is why William and I want to teach our little children, George and Charlotte, just how important these things are as they grow up.”
The 35-year-old added, “In my view, it is just as important as excelling at maths or sport.”


kate middleton and more star sightings of the day








































50 Photos »


The couple were later seen attending a Guild of Health Writers conference in London on Monday (Feb. 6, 2017), where the Duchess of Cambridge dazzled in a purple Oscar de la Renta ensemble. At the event, William openly spoke about mental health.
“You may be wondering why Catherine, [Prince] Harry and I got involved in this topic in the first place. Mental health is traditionally not a mainstream subject, after all,” the 34-year-old said, the Daily Mail reports. “For me personally, it was a gradual awakening over many years through work I’ve been privileged to witness with vulnerable young people — the homeless, the unemployed, those who are unable to fulfill their potential.”
“It was their openness about their mental health, their anxiety issues, their honesty about not coping, that made me realize that poor mental health was a major issue in our society, much greater than anyone cared to admit,” the Duke of Cambridge continued. “It was an issue that needed addressing if we were to attempt to solve many other problems that trouble us.”


Prince William and Kate Middleton Visit a Bereavement Center








































8 Photos »


/n