Caitlyn Jenner Calls Rob Kardashian “Stupid” for Leaking Blac Chyna’s Explicit Photos/n





                    Kim Kardashian Says Caitlyn Jenner "F**ked Everyone Over"
                







And Kris Jenner "100 percent" agrees!

 MORE >>










                    Blac Chyna Claims Rob Kardashian Threatened to Kill Himself with a Gun
                







Yikes!

 MORE >>





Caitlyn Jenner isn’t on Rob Kardashian’s team when it comes to his online rant against Blac Chyna.

While co-hosting The View this Friday, July 14th, the Olympian called her former stepson “stupid” for airing out family problems online. (Ironically, Caitlyn recently published a memoir all about the Kardashians and subsequently fell out of touch with the family.)
“I don’t know the Blac Chyna/Rob thing,” she said. “Rob was stupid for doing that and he kind of apologized. I really have not had much of a relation—I’ve never met Blac Chyna. I’ve never met the kid. Rob, I haven’t really had a serious conversation with in years. So I’ve kind of been out of that scene so I really can’t comment on what’s going on there.”
“Guys, I know, I used to be over on that team, can be really stupid, okay, and do stupid things,” Caitlyn, who announced she was transitioning to a woman in 2015, continued. “I’ve tried to warn my kids—all of them, I’ve got a lot of kids—you gotta pick your friends. And it’s tough to do because you can be tremendously deceived.”





As reported, Rob lashed out at his former fiancée earlier this month. In an expletive-filled tirade, the Arthur George sock designer accused Chyna of cheating, doing drugs, getting paid to have sex with other men, and having plastic surgery after the birth of their 8-month-old daughter, Dream. He also leaked several explicit photos of his ex.
In response, Chyna was granted a temporary restraining order against her ex after claiming she had been abused during their relationship. In court documents, she alleged Rob had punched her during a heated argument this April.
“I am in fear of this angry, volatile, vindictive man, who has physically attacked me and tried to humiliate me so publicly,” Chyna said in her court filings. “I am embarrassed by his posts. I ask for orders of protection so that I can live my life in peace and free of fear of him.”


Blac Chyna Steps Out Amid Rob Kardashian Drama








































6 Photos »


/n