Did Ben Affleck Cheat on Jennifer Garner with Lindsay Shookus?/n





                    Ben Affleck Is Seeing Someone New After Filing for Divorce with Jennifer Garner
                







He's back on the market!

 MORE >>










                    Ben Affleck Has a New Girlfriend
                







Who is Lindsay Shookus?

 MORE >>





Ben Affleck and Saturday Night Live producer Lindsay Shookus’ romance runs deeper than we thought.

According to Us Weekly, the couple have been secret dating on-and-off since 2015. Sources tell the publication the hush-hush relationship was actually what drove Jennifer Garner to separate with Ben after 10 years of marriage.
“Ben and Lindsay started their affair in 2015. They were not casually dating — they were having a full-blown affair,” an insider close to the actress reveals. “They were sleeping together, sending each other cute texts and meeting up whenever they could.”
The source adds Jennifer and Lindsay’s ex-husband, Kevin Miller, were “devastated” when they found out about the alleged affair.


Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner Through the Years








































33 Photos »


However, someone close to Ben’s camp claims the actor’s marriage with Jennifer dissolved for other reasons. “Lindsay was not what led to the end of their marriage. They had a ton of other problems,” the insider explains. “Ben is enjoying Lindsay’s company, and they will continue to see each other.”
At the time of the split, rumor were swirling that Jen had parted ways with Ben when she discovered he had a brief relationship with their three children’s nanny, Christine Ouzounian. Per the couple’s joint statement announcing their divorce, they never confirmed any infidelity allegations.
“After much thought and careful consideration, we have made the difficult decision to divorce. We go forward with love and friendship for one another and a commitment to co-parenting our children whose privacy we ask to be respected during this difficult time,” they said in June 2015. “This will be our only comment on this private, family matter. Thank you for understanding.”


celebrities who got caught cheating








































18 Photos »


/n