Sloshed Suitor! ‘Bachelorette’ Contestant Blake Elarbee Once Arrested For DUI/n
Chris Harrison may want to hide the liquor in the Bachelor mansion! RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal one of Rachel Lindsay’s suitors was arrested for a DUI before coming on The Bachelorette to compete for her heart.
William Elarbee, who goes by his middle name Blake, was arrested on December 13, 2010 for driving under the influence at 1:23 a.m. [/]
READ THE COURT DOCS!
In the police report obtained from the Leon County Sheriff’s Office, the reporting officer made a traffic stop when he noticed a Ford pick-up driving with a “completely deflated” tire that was “coming off the rim of the vehicle.”
PHOTOS: So Happy Together! Britt Nilsson & Brady Toops Show Off Romance On Social Media –– ‘The Bachelorette’ Stars Rebound In 6 Photos
“I detected a very strong odor of alcoholic beverage coming from the cabin of the vehicle,” the reporting officer wrote. “Elarbee’s eyes were very red and watery, and his pupils were dilated.”
The officer noticed Elarbee was wearing a colored paper wristband, which are commonly used by local bars in the Tallahassee area.
“Elarbee stated he was coming from Friday’s, where he was attending a work party,” the report read. “Elarbee said he had one beer at the party.”
PHOTOS: Alleged ABC’s “The Bachelorette” Home Chosen in Charlotte, NC
When the officer asked for his license, registration and proof of insurance, Elarbee struggled to find his registration, which the officer explained Elarbee passed over many times.
Elarbee “immediately stumbled” when exiting his vehicle. He failed the sobriety field tests horizontal gaze nystagmus, walk and turn, and one leg stand.
Elarbee was then placed under arrest. He blew a 0.161g of alcohol per 210L of breath during the first breath test and 0.157g during the second.
PHOTOS: The Bachelor House
“Elarbee lost his balance while taking his seat in my patrol car and fell into the back seat of the car,” the report continued.
He was held on $500 bond.
Elarbee entered a plea of no contest and was found guilty. As part of his six-month probation, he was required to complete 50 hours of community service and pay $990 in fines. His license was suspended for six months.
According to Reality Steve, Elarbee is a private personal trainer. The Bachelorette won’t be his reality TV debut, as he also appeared on WE TV’s Ex Isle.
Do you think Lindsay picks Elarbee? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n