A Bachelorette No More — Rachel Lindsay Confirms She's Engaged To One Of Her Season 13 Suitors!/n

Nick Viall, who??
That's obviously what Rachel Lindsay is asking herself these days as she revealed on Thursday she's "very much engaged." The season 13 Bachelorette confirmed her engagement news while chatting with reporters ahead of Monday's premiere of the ABC dating competition.
Related: Couples From The Bachelor — Where Are They Now??
While Miz Lindsay didn't drop any specifics about her fiancé, she did tease: 

"If I had a list he would check everything off."
In case you forgot, the 31-year-old first appeared on Viall's season of the Bachelor and was a fan favorite as she made it to the reality TV vet's final three. Nick ultimately picked Vanessa Grimaldi and proposed to the special education teacher during the season 21 finale.
But the Dallas attorney has clearly moved on as she was more than giddy while talking about her new man. On their life post filming The Bachelorette, Lindsay added:

"Every morning I wake up and pinch myself."
Mind you, the twosome wrapped filming for the reality show only a week ago. Nonetheless, Rachel and her unnamed fiancé are having trouble keeping their love under wraps. She continued:

"It is hard. I'm used to a long-distance relationship where we can't see each other all the time and we can't be public. I'm used to that. But it's hard when you're so excited about something and you can't share it with everyone. But we make sure to communicate with each other all the time, and that's all you can really do."
We REALLY hope these two don't accidentally spoil anything. Remember what a bummer it was when Kaitlyn Bristowe and Shawn Booth accidentally leaked their happy ending??
Related: Ben Higgins Speaks On His 'Tough' Breakup From Lauren Bushnell
Speaking of the future Mr. and Mrs. Booth, it appears as though Rachel is looking to them as an example on how to keep a Bachelor nation romance going. On why she isn't rushing to the altar, the Texas native explained:

"I want us to get the chance to get to know each other. Maybe it will be kick. Maybe it will be a longer engagement like Shawn [Booth] and Kaitlyn [Bristowe]. We just really want to get to know each other."
Fair enough. At the end of the day, we just want Rachel to be happy — and she seems pretty freakin' happy!
/n