History Blogger Calls Bullshit On Photo Claiming To Prove Amelia Earhart Survived Her Crash Landing!/n

We might not be getting that long-awaited Amelia Earhart closure after all.
The famous aviator flew into headlines last week when a photograph used in a recent HISTORY documentary claimed she may have been captured by Japan.
The photo in question, discovered in the U.S. national archives, was said to have shown both the famous pilot and her navigator Fred Noonan in 1937 — giving evidence that the duo had not disappeared during their round-the-world flight, but instead had crash-landed in the South Pacific and were taken prisoner.
Video: Donald Trump Jr. Talks Meeting With Russian Lawyer About Clinton Dirt!
But sadly, it looks like this unearthed photo isn't the missing puzzle piece in Earhart's disappearance.
Military history blogger Kota Yamano was apparently able to debunk the theory in less than an hour after doing some research on the photo used in Amelia Earhart: The Lost Evidence — and made the HISTORY research team look pretty dumb in the process!
Speaking to The Guardian, the blogger says he simply conducted an online search for the words "Jaluit Atoll," the name of Japan's administration headquarters in the Marshall Islands between WWI and WWII.
Yamano struck gold when he found the same image in the digital archives of Japan's National Diet Library, featured as part of a book about the South Seas. The caption below the image does not identify those in the photo, but notes maritime activities at the harbor at the time.
Related: TLC Star Sentenced To 40 Years After Pleading Guilty To Child Rape
As for how this negates the Earhart theory? The book was allegedly published in 1935 — two years before the pilot's disappearance:

Hi, in my research photo #EarhartLostEvidence was originally published in 1935 in Palau. The person is not Amelia. https://t.co/tYUf3mf3GX
— 山猫男爵 (@baron_yamaneko) July 10, 2017
The Tokyo-based blogger found it "strange" that he was able to find the original source so easily, and questioned how the HISTORY team managed to miss such a simple step. He explained:
"The photo was the 10th item that came up. I was really happy when I saw it. I find it strange that the documentary makers didn't confirm the date of the photograph or the publication in which it originally appeared. That's the first thing they should have done."
The cable history channel tried its best to circumvent the criticism in a response statement, telling EW:
"[HISTORY] has a team of investigators exploring the latest developments about Amelia Earhart and we will be transparent in our findings. Ultimately, historical accuracy is most important to us and our viewers."
Well, looks like history buffs will have to keep looking for answers.
/n