Giveaway Alert: ‘Hollywood Game Night’ 2016 Gift Bag/n





                    The 15 Days of Celebmas: Maggie Wallet by JEMMA
                







Happy holidays and welcome to Celebuzz's 15 Days of Celebmas gift guide and giveaway!

 MORE >>





You too can be a star! Win the bag given to host, Jane Lynch, and other celebrity guests on-set at Hollywood Game Night!
Hollywood Game Night is a game show hosted by Lynch airing on NBC. The program features two contestants who take part in a casual game night with celebrities, with the winning contestant taking home up to $25,000 in cash prizes!
The celebrities get to take home of gift bag of goodies and so will one of our lucky readers!
How to Enter:
1) Leave a comment on this post telling us what your favorite game is and why!
2) Feel free to leave multiple comments!
3) When leaving your comment(s), make sure you are logged in using a valid email address! We will contact the winner via email next week.
4) You must live in the continental United States and be 18-years-old or older to enter. You have until midnight PST December 14, 2016.
This prize includes:





Bananagrams, Inc. – BANANAGRAMS Party® features 14 Party Power Tiles that let players unleash chaos on each other making it the sneakiest, cheekiest BANANAGRAMS ever! Plus, LINKEE® is the no fuss, no muss, “shouty-outy” quiz game with a twist…players answer four questions and spot the link between the answers faster than the other teams.
Brass & Unity Jewelry Inc. – A modern jewelry company founded by a Canadian Forces Veteran as a means to give back to other veterans around the world.
ChapStick® – ChapStick® Total Hydration Moisture + Tint, the first-ever tinted lip balm from the experts in lip care, is a tinted moisturizer that enhances the lips’ natural color. It is made with 100% naturally sourced ingredients, including advanced ingredients like Rosehip Seed Oil and is available in three shades – Merlot, Coral Blush and Rose Petal.
Crabtree & Evelyn – Crabtree & Evelyn Pomegranate, Argan & Grapeseed Ultra-Moisturising Hand Therapy. Award-winning ultra-moisturizing hand cream that contains hydrating ceramides and anti-oxidant-rich Vitamin E.
CUDESSO – Tassel-Bank The perfect balance between fashion, portability and capacity, the leather tassel power bank will keep you stylishly connected all day.
Entourage Clothing – Entourage Clothing’s Park Hill candle in evergreen & embers keeps your home feeling warmed by a wood fire and filled with the scent of a fresh cut conifer.
FILORGA- Sleep-Recover® Anti-Fatigue Night Balm is a balm that regenerates skin while you sleep, fighting the signs of fatigue and leaving your skin feeling fresh and well-rested. Plus C-Recover® Anti-Fatigue Radiance Concentrate is a concentrate that harnesses the full power of pure, fresh vitamin C for radiant and visibly younger skin.
Hollywood Game Night Game
Justin’s – Dark Chocolate Peanut Butter Cups & Maple Almond Butter Squeeze Packs.
kai – Our classic scented moisturizer of a gardenia top note wrapped in white exotics, which contains several naturally moisturizing ingredients including safflower seed oil, shea butter, apricot kernel oil, vitamins A, C, & E, with extracts of comfrey, cucumber, and ivy.
Lipo Queen, LLC – A novel about a young female plastic surgeon who becomes a reality TV star, loosely based on true events.
Maven Cocktails – Maven Cocktails are a ready to drink wine-infused vodka cocktail that tastes like a great glass of wine with the spirit of a mixed drink. Our cocktails are only 13.5% abv, are low calorie, low carb, gluten free and lower sugar than a glass of wine – Clean, crisp and delicious. No alcohol is included in this prize. Winner will receive a coaster.
MOCCIS – Moccis® (pronounced Mock-Keys) are the first and only luxury hand sewn Swedish moccasins to bring fashion, function, and fun to indoor footwear worldwide.
Omron Healthcare – Mira Fitness Tracker is a fashion-forward smart bracelet that captures your daily activity and motivates you to take small healthy actions each day.
Premier Organics – Artisana Organics dark chocolate bars made from organic criollo cacao from Venezuela.
RONALDO DESIGNER JEWELRY – Handcrafted fine jewelry. Made in the USA.
SpaRitual, Moisture Balm – SpaRitual’s Moisture Balm provides long-lasting moisture that soothes dry, over-stressed skin. The multi-purpose balm is formulated with Fair Trade Certified Organic Shea Butter and Cocoa Seed Butter to help retain moisture and protect the skin.
Thera Cane MAX Trigger Point Massager – Treat yourself to deep relief from painful, knotted, spasmed muscles. This amazingly simple yet effective self-massager makes it easy to apply pain-relieving deep compression directly to hard, knotted “trigger points” anywhere they occur – breaking up tension even in the hardest-to-reach muscles between your shoulder blades!
Tiddleywink Toffee the Thin English Delight – It’s a Toffee like no other, it has a very thin toffee base, slathered in milk, dark or mint chocolate & covered with a variety of toppings. Unique and Simply the best!
ZUMER SPORT – Football duffel is created from actual football material!
Items in photo subject to change based on availability- some colors and styles may vary. Courtesy of Backstage Creations.


'TrevorLIVE LA' Events Honors Jane Lynch and Toyota








































14 Photos »


/n