'RHOC' Drama: Shannon Slams Lydia In First Nasty Fight Of The Season/n
Shannon Beador‘s weight and martial problems are the star of the Real Housewives of Orange County and the star ends up having a major blow out (the first of the season) with Lydia McLaughlin, while stuffing her face with nachos!
Episode two opens with Beador’s misery about her ballooning weight and crumbling marriage, as she tells her friend Elaine, a Feng Shui expert, “Things were a little better” in the old house and after she and her estranged husband, David Beador, happily renewed their vows.
She tries to blame her weight gain on stress created by costar Vicki Gunvalson, who she said was “making accusations about David.”
PHOTOS: Struggling Shannon Checks In To ‘Fat Farm’ Ahead Of ‘RHOC’ Taping
A quick scene switch in the show goes to Gunvalson, who is stressed about moving to a new office, but also discusses Beador’s Feng Shui friend, calling her theories “such a crock of bullshit.”
Meghan Edmonds was up next, in her Palm Springs house with husband Jim Edmonds and their new baby Aspen — who was in the same outfit from last week’s episode!
Jim constantly criticizes the new mom, telling Meghan, “Don’t hold her like that, flip her around like that.”
PHOTOS: Abuse, Neglect, & ‘Inappropriate’ Behavior! The 15 Most Shocking Allegations Against ‘RHOC’ Star Tamra Judge In Her Custody Case
As they prepare to drive back to Orange County, Jim makes a mean comment about their dog, saying, “Put her on a leash and tie her to the bumper.”
Megan opens up more about motherhood, admitting that it is tough for her and saying that she is dreading getting into the middle of the fights with the ladies again, but that is her only appearance on the episode.
Lydia McLaughlin meets the new RHOC star, Peggy Sulhain, and is stunned to learn about her double mastectomy.
PHOTOS: Divorce Back On? ‘RHOC’ Kelly Dodd Lists $6.25M Mansion
“I’m ok,” Sulhain tells her at a photo shoot with her husband. “My mom passed away from breast cancer. To avoid going through that I went all out and did a double mastectomy.”
A clearly speechless McLaughlin struggles to find her voice. “Wow. That’s like a big story Peggy. This is a lot to hear when I’m first meeting somebody,” but she lightens the mood by telling her: “If you’re looking for a distraction you should meet some of my friends.”
Tamra Judge is planning a huge second birthday party for her granddaughter, Ava, where ALL of the drama finally happens.
PHOTOS: ‘RHOC’ Cast Supports Former Housewife Gretchen Rossi At High-Fashion Event
Her son Ryan Vieth‘s fiancée, Sarah, explains that she invited Gunvalson’s daughter, Briana, to the party, which upsets Judge.
“It’s going to be really awkward for me. To be honest. I love Brian but after what I’ve been through with Vicki last year, I cut ties with Briana. I just didn’t want to see Vicki’s face. I was just so hurt by what Vicki has done.”
Sarah warns her, “You just need to keep your distance.”
PHOTOS: Vicki’s Revenge! Gunvalson Plots With Bravo To Bring Gretchen Rossi Back To ‘RHOC’
Kelly Dodd is up next and her marital issues are all she talks about. “Michael and I are a little bit better now,” she admits. “Last year at this time [we were] not in a good place. But we’re both trying to work together in the most positive way we can.”
So they go to a gym together. “They say the best way to a happy marriage is play together stay together. Michael and I work out three times a week together. That’s about all I can handle with him,” she jokes.
Dodd says she understands Beador’s troubled marriage . “I’m not a perfect wife. I can relate to Shannon. Marriage is a hard work.”
PHOTOS: ‘RHOC’ Drug Scandal! Kelly Dodd Accuses Tamra Judge Of Steroid Abuse In Wild Claim
Beador’s daughter’s first formal is an emotional time, and she admits that the problems with her husband have hurt the family.
“It’s hard to watch your children grow up. My family has been through the ringer. Any parent that exposes their kid to their marital issues feels guilty and I feel guilty.”
But she happily sends her daughter off to a fancy night in a limo!
PHOTOS: ‘RHOC’ Star Meghan King Edmonds Gives Birth Two Weeks Ahead Of Due Date
Sulhain’s gigantic mansion and luxury cars are seen for the first time. She shows off her vast wealth and reveals the truth about their work ethic.
“He’s 50,” she says about her husband. “We’ve been married for 21 years. From nothing he’s built an empire. My husband loves cars. He changes his cars like he changes his underwear.”
At a family brunch she tells her relatives that she is feeling better after her recent double mastectomy.
PHOTOS: Sorry, Not Sorry? ‘RHOC’ Reunion Ignites Massive Cast War
“My mother passed away 51. So I decided to get a double mastectomy not take any chances.”
Her adoring husband then gives her the most extravagant gift a RHOC lady has been given in years: an $85,000 diamond necklace and a $70,000, 21 carat, diamond bracelet.
“My lifestyle is extravagant but we did work very hard for it,” she admits. “It sure doesn’t suck to be me, does it.”
PHOTOS: Tamra Barney Judge: 14 Secrets Scandals
Gunvalson only makes a brief appearance in the episode, when she is with her daughter Briana who tells her she is going to Judge’s granddaughter’s party. “In the past Tamra has tried to put a wedge between Briana and I. My daughter’s my daughter, nobody is going to come between us.”
Little Ava’s party is where all the fireworks happen.
Briana only plays with her boys and doesn’t speak to Judge at all, but the real conflict comes between McLaughlin and Beador.
PHOTOS: Tamra Barney Custody Case — 15 Shocking Allegations
While sitting with Judge and Beador , McLaughling tells the ladies she had dinner with Gunvalson. Judge tries to keep the peace, saying “Our issues with Vicki are our issues, they’re not your issues with Vicki,” but Beador lashes out.
“Be forewarned,” she says. “The things she went after with our husbands were unconscionable things. Making allegations that my husband beat me. You don’t put that out there in the world. Especially when my children are going to hear that.”
“Do we really have to talk about this b***h at my granddaughter’s birthday party” Judge quips.
PHOTOS: ‘Real Housewife’ Shannon Beador Sells $12.9 Million Home In Crystal Cove — Includes Home Theater, Gym & More!
McLaughlin pushes the issue. “But you guys are acting the same way almost that she is.”
Beador starts to lose her mind. “No. I don’t know you well but I take offense to that comment.”
“She lied to us that her boyfriend had cancer,” an enraged Beador says. “And she was in on the lie. And she’s hurt because we’re calling her out on it? For someone who just meets me and hears about the hurt Vicki caused me can then turn around and tell me I’m just like that person. Nope, nope nope!”
PHOTOS: TV Fakery, Divorce, Criminal Charges & More: Yolanda Hadid’s Secrets Exposed
Beador rants: “She’s making lies up about my husband, she is still hurting my kids. I gained 40 pounds. This is stress. That is Vicki Gunvalson. I’m not going to let that woman get to me anymore!”
McLaughlin laughs about the situation in her confessional. “This chick fully took crazy pills. I just met you and you’re yelling at me like this? Are you for real?”
Beador doesn’t stop. “So I’m telling you I’m not like Vicki. I will call her out for her lies. But don’t think you can just pretend that those lies didn’t happen. But I am not like her. I am not like her at all.”
PHOTOS: Meghan Edmonds Reveals HEARTBREAKING Pregnancy Shocker Amid Marriage Problems
McLaughlin tries to diffuse the situation and speak with Beador (who is stuffing her face with a nacho) to no avail.
“You don’t know me and I’m nothing like Vicki,” she insists.
“We’re not going to get along I feel like,” McLaughlin tells Beador.
As their animosity increases, Beador walks away, saying, “Your mom said I had a bright light, maybe you should talk to her a little bit,” and McLaughlin dishes it right back.
“She also said you’re a lost soul,” which infuriates Beador, who storms out of the party screaming “I’m done. I’m f***king done.”
Stay with Radar for weekly recaps of all the insane drama on The Real Housewives of Orange County!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n