Ginnifer Goodwin, Josh Dallas and More Confirmed to Leave ‘Once Upon a Time’ After Season 6/n





                    Jennifer Morrison Is Leaving 'Once Upon a Time' After Season 6
                







It's the end of an era.

 MORE >>





Once Upon a Time is starting a whole new chapter.

Ginnifer Goodwin, Josh Dallas, Emilie de Ravin, Jared S. Gilmore, and Rebecca Mader are all leaving the ABC fairytale show after its current sixth season.
The series’ co-creators announced the major departure just a days after the network greenlit a seventh season. Edward Kitsis and Adam Horowitz released a lengthy statement about the exit, reading:
Words can’t do justice to what Ginny, Josh, Emilie, Rebecca and Jared brought to ONCE UPON A TIME… but we’ll try… never have we had the privilege of working with a more talented group of collaborators. Each brought unique talent, incredible intelligence, and their own individual bit of magic as they gave life to these iconic characters.
Ginny reinvented Snow White for a modern audience – there was no way she would be stuck cleaning up after dwarfs, she created an iconic empowered heroine for the 21st century.
Josh mined the depths of Prince Charming – a character who in myth was just a “type” but in his superlative interpretation became a complex man fighting for love and family.
Emilie took the character of Belle to a deep and soulful place, bringing great intelligence and warmth to the character, making her fiercely independent, strong willed but also an eternal optimist who saw only the best in all those she encountered.
Rebecca took us on a broomstick roller coaster ride as she re-invented the Wicked Witch of the West by finding the pain beneath the green. She made the character soar to incredible heights while always keeping her grounded and relatable.
And Jared literally grew up before the eyes of millions, from a child actor with enormous innate talent to a young man whose abilities continue to astound as he created a character who truly, as we say on the show, has the heart of the truest believer.We can’t thank them enough for the hard work, dedication, and passion they delivered day in and day out. Without them there would be no ONCE UPON A TIME.
As ONCE continues, this group will always be the beating heart of the show. And even though we won’t be with them every week, in a show about magic and hope, we fervently believe it won’t be the last we see of them.
Jennifer Morrison previously revealed she would not be returning as Emma Swan. In a statement, she shared she will only reprise her role for one episode in the upcoming seventh season.
According to execs, Season 7 will serve as a reboot to the series with three cast members — Lana Parrilla, Robert Carlyle, and Colin O’Donoghue — slated to return.


who's your favorite ''Once Upon a Time' character?








































8 Photos »


/n