Lela Rose Opens Up Kitchen, Talks Foodie Inspiration for Runway Show at Fashion Week—Watch the Video!/n
Designer Lela Rose obviously has a passion for fashion, but this season, she's declaring her love for all things food. Not only was her magnificent runway show inspired by fine cuisine, but she also talked in detail to us exclusively about her love of cooking and entertaining, and even opened up her kitchen for a fabulous demonstration with chef Dan Kluger of ABC Kitchen!"I love collaborating. I think what chefs do is amazing. I love food and I love to entertain. I'm not a girl who misses a meal!" she quipped.

"We're lucky enough to live in a great city to have access to great food and really creative culinary minds…and to not use them…it's criminal!" she said with a wink towards Kluger, who was busy preparing a savory meal in Rose's immaculate kitchen.A kitchen that, E! News' Alicia Quarles marveled at with amazement."I never thought of my kitchen as a dream, but at least I've gotten people like Dan to come and cook in it! I've always loved an open kitchen because it celebrates food and who's in it. When I'm cooking, guests always come in and hang out," Rose shared.

Another venue where fans flock towards Rose would be her runway show, held at New York's Lincoln Center.This season, she tells us that the line was hugely inspired by her favorite chef, Ferran Adrià."I ate at his restaurant in Spain right before it closed. It was a groundbreaking, over-the-top meal. It was so amazingly creative," she recalled. "This collection is that intersection of food, fashion and entertaining. You'll see a lot of pieces based on meals I've had of his."Rose also told us that she'll be celebrating a successful run at Fashion Week with a delicious meal at ABC Kitchen with Kluger.That's the spirit!And of course, a bevy of beauties came out to show their support for the designer, decked out in her lovely clothes."She does a lot feminine designs. Its chic and sophisticated and still sexy," Katie Cassidy said, while sitting pretty in the front row.There's nothing Lela Rose can't do!
/n