Jenelle Evans' Baby Daddy Nathan Griffith WANTED For 'Choking' Ex-Girlfriend/n
Nathan Griffith‘s latest domestic violence accusation isn’t going to help his custody battle with Jenelle Evans! RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal the Teen Mom 2 baby daddy has a warrant out for his arrest following an explosive dispute with on-again, off-again girlfriend Jessica Henry.
According to a police report obtained from the Myrtle Beach Police Department, Griffith was accused of aggravated assault against Henry on December 12, 2016 at 4:15 am.
READ THE SHOCKING POLICE REPORT! 
“Upon arrival the victim stated she had a history with the offender who is her ex-boyfriend,” the reporting officer wrote. “The victim stated that tonight they were at a bar together and got into a verbal dispute.”
PHOTOS: Nathan Allegedly Slams Fiancée Jenelle In Private Tweets To Actress
When Griffith and Henry returned to her home, their verbal argument turned physical.
“The offender got on top of her and began choking her,” the report read. “The victim stated that she started yelling the involved other’s name for help.”
The roommate confirmed Griffith’s actions, as she saw him “pinning the victim down on the bed.”
Before Griffith left the home, he allegedly, “went outside and started yelling then left just before police arrived.”
PHOTOS: Tropical Taunts! ‘Severely Heartbroken’ Jenelle Evans Shares Bikini Snaps From Vacation, Is She Single Again?
The Myrtle Beach Clerk of Clerk exclusively confirmed to Radar that a warrant for domestic violence is currently out for Griffith’s arrest.
This isn’t the first time Griffith has been accused of choking Henry. Griffith was arrested on August 21, 2016 for aggravated assault and burglary.
“She said while she was being choked, she started gagging and was in extreme pain,” the report read. “[The offender] choked her until the point where she could not breath.”
The recent incident won’t help Griffith’s custody battle with Evans over their son Kaiser, as she filed a Motion to Modify Custody, asking for a judge to give her “sole physical custody.”
PHOTOS: Jenelle’s Revenge! Her Ex Nathan Splits With Girlfriend Jessica Henry
“Defendant communicated to plaintiff that defendant’s mental health is not stable and that he is unable to care for the minor child,” the filing read.
Henry was not available for comment.
Story developing.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n