Katy Perry Blasts Taylor Swift About Feud: ‘She Started It, and It’s Time For Her to Finish It’/n





                    Taylor Swift Refuses to Talk About Katy Perry and Their Alleged Feud
                







Sorry, folks.

 MORE >>





Katy Perry has heated words for Taylor Swift.

The “Bon Appétit” singer didn’t hold back about her arch nemesis during her appearance on James Corden’s Late Late Show Primetime Special, in which she was asked about their infamous feud. While participating in the Carpool Karaoke segment, Perry blasted the “Shake It Off” songstress for dragging her name through the mud — despite Swift’s insistent claims that she’s all about women supporting women and excluding herself from petty narratives.
“There’s a situation,” she said. “Honestly, it’s really like she started it, and it’s time for her to finish it.”





Perry also revealed she previously tried to extend an olive branch, though Swift allegedly was not ready to call a truce.
“I tried to talk to her about it and she wouldn’t speak to me,” she recalled to Corden. “It was a full shutdown and then she writes a song about me, and I’m like, OK, cool, cool, cool, that’s how you want to deal with it? Karma!”
As fans know, the beef between the two pop stars first surfaced when Swift told Rolling Stone “Bad Blood” was about a fellow musician who had tried to “sabotage” her area tour. Internet sleuths quickly deduced the person in question to be Perry, who hired three of backup dancers for her Prismatic World Tour after they left — or “fired,” as Perry claims — from Swift’s Red Tour.
Most recently, Perry released “Swish Swish,” a song that many interpreted as a rebuttal to Swift’s diss track.


Where's the Beef? Celebrity Feuds Over the Years








































16 Photos »


“But what I want to say is that I’m ready for that BS to be done. Now, there is the law of cause and effect. You do something, there’s going to be a reaction. And trust me, daddy, there’s going to be a reaction. It’s all about karma, right?” she said. “I think personally that women together, not divided, and none of this petty bullsh*t, women together will heal the world.”
Echoing a tweet she had written last year, Perry added she’ll “100 percent” end the feud if Swift were to reach out to settle the drama once and for all.
Ball’s in your court, Tay.


Taylor Swift and Katy Perry: before the feud








































31 Photos »


/n