Coachella 2017: Highlights From the Hottest Star-Studded Parties/n





                    Here's What Happened When Kendall Jenner and A$AP Rocky Went to a Coachella Party with Free Weed
                







It's lit! 

 MORE >>










                    Kylie Jenner Cozies Up to Travis Scott at Coachella
                







Tyga, who?

 MORE >>





The Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival may draw celebrities into the desert, but the invite-only parties around the concert grounds are why they stay for the entire weekend.

This year, A-listers came out in droves to attend some of the biggest, craziest and most outrageous bashes ever thrown. From the annual Neon Carnival to a new late-night party with all-you-care-to-enjoy marijuana, here are all the star sightings in and around Coachella.
 
Friday, April 14
Kylie Jenner made sure to stay far away from on-and-off boyfriend Tyga, choosing to hang out at PrettyLittleThing and Paper magazine’s bash right on the border of Palm Springs. Clad in a tan dress from the U.K. retailer, Jenner held court inside the poolside VIP area as partygoers enjoyed LIC alcohol pops and bites by Baby’s Badass Burgers. Khloé Kardashian’s ex-boyfriend French Montana later showed up with an entourage to give a private concert to fans.
Meanwhile, Tyga partied it up with nightclub owner Richie Akiva over at Velocity Black and 1 OAK’s pop-up across town. Though his ex, who was at the event in 2016, was absent for this year’s festivities, Paris Hilton, Shay Mitchell, Brooklyn Beckham and Chanel Iman were spotted in the crowd. Surprisingly, Jenner’s BFF Jordyn Woods also made an appearance.
Once the sun set, The Weeknd and Selena Gomez were spotted packing PDA at the same nighttime bash held at the party hub. Kendall Jenner and Daniel Chetrit took turns to DJ before Travis Scott, who was performing at the festival that night, hopped onto the mic. Exes Drake and Rihanna arrived around an hour apart and kept their distance. No reunions here!
Over at the #WeedmapsOasis bash, the boys of Rae Sremmurd were seen checking out the greenhouses filled with live marijuana plants and hanging out with Xzibit at the Brass Knuckles speakeasy. In a seemingly random turn of events, Ashlee Simpson brought along her dad, Joe Simpson, and husband Evan Ross, arriving just after midnight to take videos at the GenX photo booth. And in case you were wondering: Yes, this party had free weed.
 
Saturday, April 15
Tyler Posey gave guests quite an eyeful when he popped off his shirt at PopSugar’s cabana club pool party. An onlooker told us the Teen Wolf star — to everyone’s delight — took a quick solo dip in the pool before Daya hit the stage for an exclusive performance. Prior to the daytime bash, Victoria Justice, Jamie Chung, Yara Shahidi and Olivia Culpo joined the Council of Fashion Designers of America to toast some of the industry’s hottest designers at intimate brunch. Guests were pampered with tons of free swag from Nordstrom, Ulta Beauty, and PopSugar Must Have Box.
Rachel Zoe unveiled her new Live Cases for Google Pixel phones at her annual ZOEasis retreat, where attendees were gifted a new mobile device of their own to capture their best selfies. Celebrities like Kate Bosworth, Louise Roe and Sophie Simmons and guests also enjoyed luxurious spa treatments by SK-II.
As two single ladies, Kendall and Kylie Jenner hosted their joint Winter Bumbleland bash, transforming an entire house in Rancho Mirage into a snowy landscape complete with its own frozen ice bar, glacier pool, snow angel garden, and toboggan slide. Kendall also hit up Bootsy Bellows’ nearby Coachella celebration presented by Chevrolet and PacSun, where rumored beau Jordan Clarkson was seen dancing the day away.
At the Bootsy Bellows estate, Game of Thrones darling Sophie Turner chilled by the food trucks with boyfriend Joe Jonas and the rest of DNCE. Katy Perry and Ryan Phillippe made sure not to spark any more romance rumors by arriving and leaving separately, while Ariel Winter and boyfriend Levi Meaden couldn’t keep their hands off one another at the star-studded affair. Multiple partygoers told us Tyler the Creator was turnt up backstage during Lil Yachty’s performance. Still riled up by the private show, Odell Beckham Jr. was seen fist-bumping party guests as he made his away to the exit.


Ariel Winter Flaunts Her Bikini Body at Bootsy Bellows' Coachella Party








































6 Photos »


After dark, “Pussy Posse” members Leonardo DiCaprio and Tobey Maguire had a guys’ night out at the Neon Carnival party presented by Levi’s Brand and Tequila Don Julio. Rolling up with Orlando Bloom, the wolf pack made a beeline for their booth, which was surrounded by a bevy of models throughout the night. According to an insider, the crew was still raging at 4 a.m. and DiCaprio was one of the last partygoers to leave the scene.
Though The Weeknd initially arrived to the carnival with his own entourage, he only had eyes for Selena Gomez when she showed up hours later with a gal pal. An onlooker told us the “Starboy” singer was being “such a gentleman” as he walked the “Hands to Myself” songstress to the restrooms and waited for her until they were both ready to return to the VIP area. “They couldn’t keep away from each other,” our source said. “They held hands the entire night.”
Also spotted at the A-list soirée: Josh Hutcherson with his arms around a brunette woman, Drake chatting with French Montana, Rihanna in a glittery Gucci bodysuit, Scott Eastwood and a mystery blonde on the dance floor, and Aaron Paul cuddling with wife Lauren Parsekian.
Things were lit once again on the second night of the #WeedmapsOasis party! With A$AP Rocky hosting the shindig, Schoolboy Q and Lil Uzi Vert were amongst the many guests partaking in, um, the greens that were offered at the soirée. Though Nameless Genetics and FlavRX were respectively handing out joints and edibles for all guests to enjoy, we were told stars like Kendall Jenner and Hailey Baldwin did not indulge.
 
Sunday, April 16
Winding down after a weekend of parties, Louis Tomlinson and girlfriend Eleanor Calder casually sipped on CIROC and Red Bull drinks inside their cabana at Revolve’s Desert House party, as Nick Jonas smoked a cigar in the adjacent lounge. Accompanied by a single bodyguard, Joe Jonas and Sophie Turner were spotted walking around the Merv Griffin estate.
Kendall Jenner and Justine Skye were also in attendance, arriving around 6 p.m. and taking over a secluded lakeside cabana away from the crowd. One partygoer told us Jenner turned down coconut drinks from a server, but snacked on Bai popsicles when a friend brought a bunch of sweet treats to their private table. The two mingled with dancer Robin Anton before moving closer to the stage to watch Migos’ perform “Bad and Boujee.” Meanwhile, Sofia Richie was overheard gushing about tattoo artist JonBoy, who had just inked Hailey Baldwin’s pinky finger in a backroom at the same party.
Just down a few streets, celebrated Katy Perry Easter by hosting a “recovery brunch,” which featured a fluid IV drip station, neck massages, and freshly pressed juices courtesy of Juicero. Clad in a white bikini with a matching mesh cover-up, the “Chained to the Rhythm” singer also gave guests a look at her new shoe line before sending them off with their favorite pair.


Coachella 2017: A Parties Roundup








































70 Photos »


/n