Chris Soules Was Drinking Heavily Before Fatal Car Crash, Says Local Bartender/n





                    This Is What Chris Soules Has to Say About His Fatal Car Crash
                







Read his statement. 

 MORE >>










                    Chris Soules Deletes Instagram After Fatal Car Crash
                







What's he hiding?

 MORE >>





An Iowa bartender claims Chris Soules is known in the community as a heavy drinker.

Jennifer Stover, who works at the Franklin Hotel, tells In Touch the Bachelor alum was heavily intoxicated when she served him weeks before his fatal car crash.
“Chris had ordered five Jack and Coke doubles, and his friends had ordered him three whiskey shots with pickle juice to chase it,” she remembers, having waited Soules on April 6. “By the end of the night, Chris was slurring his words. I definitely do believe he was intoxicated. Chris was definitely bragging about his status and how he’s no longer just a farm boy anymore.”




chris soules' booking photo

CREDIT: Buchanan County Sheriffs Office via Getty Images


Soules was behind the wheel of his 2008 Chevrolet truck on April 24 when he crashed into a John Deere tractor driven by 66-year-old Kenneth Mosher, sending both vehicles into roadside ditches. He was taken into police custody at his Arlington, Iowa home five hours after fleeing the scene.
The 35-year-old was allegedly in possession of alcoholic beverages in his car at the time of the accident. He was charged with Leaving the Scene of a Fatality Motor Vehicle Accident — which is a Class D Felony — before posting $10,000 bail.
Soules, who is due in court May 9, has asked the court to dismiss the felony charge in his case. In legal documents, his legal team argues he did everything he was required to do after the car crash, including checking the victim’s pulse and calling 911.
“Because probable cause does not exist to support the charge against Mr. Soules, it must be dismissed,” reads the motion that was filed on Monday (May 1, 2017). “The information provided by Mr. Soules’ during his 911 call fulfilled the requirements of the reporting statutes. Not only did Mr. Soules satisfy the letter of the law, he satisfied the spirit. He gave law enforcement on-the-spot identification and location information and reasonably provided treatment to Mr. Mosher.”


more Celebrity Mugshots 








































7 Photos »


/n