Here’s What Hollywood Had To Say About Easter/n





                    Star Survey: Snooki
                









 MORE >>










                    Kim K's Instagram
                







Take a look at Kim's album!

 MORE >>





 It’s Easter, which means time for church, parades, chocolate and scary Easter bunnies.
Some celebrities marked the holiday with greetings and well wishes on Twitter and Instagram.
Paris Hilton gave a personal Easter shout out to Snoop Dogg/Lion, along with a snapshot of herself in pink bunny ears, while Justin Timberlake reflected on Cadbury Cream Eggs and Reese’s Chocolate/Peanut Butter Eggs.
For Tori Spelling, it was all about making the house Easter friendly for her kids: “Any other grown women creeping thru their yard at the break of dawn hiding small multi colored objects in bushes? #EasterBaby,” she wrote early Sunday morning.
 

what to wear: easter 2013 edition








































11 Photos »



See what else Hollywood had to say, after the jump.

Kim Kardashian: “Happy Easter everyone!!!”
Justin Timberlake: “What do y’all know about Cadbury Cream Eggs though..? Reese’s Chocolate/Peanut Butter Eggs?? Y’all don’t hear me… Happy Easter!!”
Nick Jonas: “Happy Easter everyone”
Julie Bowen: “HAPPY EAStER! Lets reschedule the preachy talk about a sugar and gluten free diets until after the jelly bean gorging. #gluttonforgluten”
Justin Bieber: “Easter. #Blessed”
Julianne Hough: “On our way to church for Easter Sunday!”
Katherine Heigl: “Happy Easter to everyone out there today!”


more photos of stars getting into the easter spirit with their colorful clothes








































7 Photos »


Nathan Followill (Kings of Leon): “Happy Easter from our little bunny to yours.”
Alexa Vega: “HAPPY EASTER! Praise be to God for our Lord Jesus Christ! In his mercy he has given us new birth through the resurrection of Jesus Christ.”
Rebel Wilson: “HAPPY EASTER everyone! I’m hunting chocolate bunnies with my mouth!”
Snooki: “Happy Easter! Have an amazing day!!”
Tori Spelling: “Any other grown women creeping thru their yard at the break of dawn hiding small multi colored objects in bushes? #EasterBaby . . . When Hattie awoke this am… First thing I hear her say on her monitor: EGGIES! My littlest lady is ready for Easter. #HolidayMoments”
 

paris hilton and her many pets








































15 Photos »


Paris Hilton: “The Easter Bunny chilling with @SnoopDogg. Happy Easter everyone!”
Bethenny Frankel: “Happy Easter my cute little twitter bunnies!”
Geri Halliwell: “The rabbit did not poop choc eggs , there wasn’t a big enough gap btwn bf and lunch , I feel sick , ate too much mince.”
JWoww: “Happy Easter everyone!!! Love u all! Have an amazing day :)”
Russell Crowe: “Happy Easter to all the villagers”
Tyra Banks: “Pls eat all my chocolate bunnies for me since I can’t stand chocolate.”
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n