Is Ben Affleck’s Girlfriend Pregnant?/n
It’s that time of the week again when the celebrity weeklies hit the newsstands. To separate what’s real and rumor, we turned to our friends at Gossip Cop for the 411 on this week’s most controversial stories.

Ben Affleck’s girlfriend Lindsay Shookus is pregnant, reports OK!. A source tells the magazine it’s the reason “why they decided to reveal they were together.” The publication notes she’s “told people she wants another child” since she began dating Affleck. For when she’s due, and how Affleck feels about becoming a dad again, see what insiders leak to Gossip Cop.
Angelina Jolie is deathly sick and weighs just 78 pounds, reveals the National Enquirer. After noting she’s now “skin and bones,” the publication reports her estranged husband Brad Pitt is so worried about her that he “rushed to her side” and even attempted an intervention. For how Jolie reacted, and what she’s suffering from, click over to Gossip Cop.
Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton are expecting twins, reports OK!. The publication reveals that twins “run in her family,” and she’s been “talking constantly about Beyonce’s pregnancy and wanting to reach out to her for advice.” For how far along she is, and when she’ll announce she’s expecting twins, see what Stefani’s rep tells only Gossip Cop.
Beyonce and Jay-Z are “heading to a $1 billion divorce,” reveals the National Enquirer, and it’s over how to raise their 5-year-old daughter, Blue Ivy. Beyonce wants her to pursuing a “modeling career,” but Jay-Z’s completely against it, says the outlet. For how this dispute made Jay-Z and Beyonce decide to split, go to Gossip Cop.
Khloe Kardashian and O.J. Simpson are taking DNA tests after he’s released from prison, reports Star. The magazine reveals Kardashian’s been calling the incarcerated Simpson “at least once a week” for the past nine years, and is “ready to have the paternity question answered.” For how sure she is Simpson’s her dad, see what a friend admits to Gossip Cop.
/n