Susan Sarandon Slams Woody Allen: ‘I Have Nothing Good to Say’/n





                    Susan Sarandon, Jessica Lange to Star in New Ryan Murphy Series 'Feud' About Bette Davis and Joan Crawford
                







And it's going to be amazing.

 MORE >>





Susan Sarandon has “nothing good to say about Woody Allen,” she told reporters on Sunday. A comment that of course speaks volumes.

The actress was participating in the Kering Women in Motion Talk alongside Geena Davis, where they were talking about women in film in honor of the 25th anniversary of Thelma and Louise.
According to The Guardian, Sarandon was asked her opinion about Allen’s comment during his Cannes opener, Café Society, in which he said he didn’t have “anything to really draw on” to make a film about a younger man and an older woman. “His narratives often center on an older man and a much younger woman,” the Guardian aptly notes.


Cannes Film Festival: The Best Fashion Moments From Cannes 2016	








































211 Photos »


They report:
Sarandon at first appeared to shut it down: “I have nothing good to say about Woody Allen, so I don’t think we should go there.”
Pressed to elaborate, Sarandon said: “I think he sexually assaulted a child and I don’t think that’s right … It’s gotten very quiet in here, but that’s true.”
Few actors in Hollywood have openly shared their support for Allen’s daughter Dylan Farrow, many actors otherwise have expressed an “I don’t know them,” or “it’s not my business” attitude.
For example, her comments are contrary to Blake Lively’s, who said just days before to the Los Angeles Times that the director is “empowering to women,” and that the accusations against him didn’t influence her decision to work with him.
It’s amazing what Woody has written for women. It’s very dangerous to factor in things you don’t know anything about. I could [only] know my experience. And my experience with Woody is he’s empowering to women,” she said.


Blake Lively Wears Cinderella-Inspired Gown During Cannes Film Festival	








































10 Photos »


The allegations made by Farrow, which were initially investigated in 1993, were brought to light again in 2014 and most recently this week by her brother Ronan Farrow, who wrote a scathing essay for The Hollywood Reporter entitled, “My Father, Woody Allen, and the Danger of Questions Unasked (Guest Column).” In his essay, he criticizes the media for largely ignoring Farrow’s accusations against her father, and not asking him tough questions.
Sarandon, an ardent Bernie Sanders supporter, also answered a question on what a Donald Trump presidency would look like.
It doesn’t matter what [Trump] thinks because nothing will be able to happen. The thing interesting about Trump is the things he’s talking about are impossible. They’re not what’s threatening. He’s obviously not going to build a wall; he’s not going to be able to export all the Muslims in the United States. All of those things are impossible to do.
What he did that was terrible is that he legitimatized racism and homophobia in order get that very discontented base that wants something authentic. What he did in the process was say, ‘It’s OK to be violent.’ That’s why he has the KKK as one of his representatives. That’s been really terrible, besides the fact that America looks ridiculous.


Kristen Stewart, Blake Lively, Jesse Eisenberg and More at 'Cafe Society' Red Carpet Premiere and Cannes Film Festival's Opening Gala	








































20 Photos »


 
/n