Were Drugs Involved? Toxicology Report Requested In Stevie Ryan's Suicide/n
Teen Mom nemesis Stevie Ryan tragically committed suicide at the age of 33 over the weekend. RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal drugs may have played a role in her tragic death.
“Stevie Ryan’s cause of death is hanging from a ligature around her neck,” a spokesperson from the Los Angeles Coroner’s Office exclusively told Radar. “They ordered a toxicology report. It could take six to nine months.”
The rep also confirmed that Ryan was found at her Los Angeles residence on July 1.
PHOTOS: Betrayal! Nude Photos! Arrests & More: Teen Moms’ 20 Most Shocking Scandals
Days before her death, Ryan cryptically told her late grandfather that she would be with him soon.
“My dream man who I will only see in my dreams,” she captioned a collage of her grandpa. “I’ll meet you in Percebo, soon. I love you my Papa.”
Ryan was an actress who moved to Los Angeles at the age of 19 and found fame with her viral videos. She became known for her parodies of Justin Bieber, Lady Gaga and Amy Winehouse.
PHOTOS: So Young, So Plastic! ‘Teen Moms’ & Other Young Stars Who Went Under The Knife
Ryan often fought with the cast of Teen Mom over Twitter, especially Jenelle Evans.
“I know we pretty much hated each other but I’m sorry you had to go so soon pretty girl,” Evans tweeted.
In 2014, Ryan got into a Twitter feud with Evans when she complained that mother wouldn’t let her have her son Jace for the Fourth of July.
PHOTOS: Arrests, Drugs & Restraining Orders! You’ll Never Believe These 20 ‘Teen Mom’ Baby Daddy Scandals
“That’s what happens when you don’t raise your child, DUH,” Ryan tweeted, as Evans responded, “Who r u again? Yeah washed-up wanna be reality star.”
In June, she joked about wanting to hookup with Amber Portwood‘s fiancé Matt Baier.
Farrah Abraham‘s boyfriend Simon Saran responded, “Are you sure he’s not your daddy too? You can’t stop talking about him.”
She fired back of Abraham’s daughter, “You’re the one playing daddy to a baby demon child so I wouldn’t go there.”
Story developing.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n