Derek and Hannah Davis Jeter Welcome Daughter Bella Raine/n

The rookie of the year has arrived!
MLB great Derek Jeter and wife Hannah Davis Jeter have welcomed their first child, a baby girl, The Players’ Tribune shared on Twitter Friday.
“Congratulations Derek and @hannahbjeter on the birth of your baby girl, Bella Raine Jeter, born Thursday, Aug. 17,” reads the announcement tweet.
The New York Yankees also took to Twitter to send their well wishes to the new parents, tweeting, “Congrats to Derek & Hannah Jeter on the birth of their daughter, Bella Raine Jeter. We can’t wait to meet her!”
The happy couple announced their pregnancy in February, after tying the knot in July of last year.
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.


Congratulations Derek and @hannahbjeter on the birth of your baby girl, Bella Raine Jeter, born Thursday, Aug. 17.
— The Players' Tribune (@PlayersTribune) August 18, 2017



Congrats to Derek & Hannah Jeter on the birth of their daughter, Bella Raine Jeter. We can't wait to meet her! pic.twitter.com/EjQpoNgiqT
— New York Yankees (@Yankees) August 18, 2017

RELATED VIDEO: Baby Girl on the Way for Derek and Hannah Davis Jeter

 
Earlier this year, Hannah told PEOPLE Now that her husband had already settled on a name for their bundle of joy, but that she wasn’t exactly feeling it.
“I don’t wanna tell you, ’cause I don’t think that’ll be the name, personally,” the 27-year-old model said of keeping mum on Jeter’s pick. “We have some brainstorming to do. We have some time.”
“I don’t like anything now, that I’m hearing,” she admitted. “But that’s probably ’cause I’m just an emotional hot mess lately. So everything, I’m like, ‘Never, I could never name her that!’ So we’ll see.”
Paul Bruinooge/Patrick McMullan via Getty Images
FROM PEN: Bachelorette Jillian Harris Talks Mom Shaming and Mom Guilt: “We’re All So Hard on Ourselves”

 
RELATED: From Jerseys to Onesies! Derek Jeter Flanked by Pregnant Wife Hannah as He’s Honored at Yankee Stadium
Davis Jeter was ready, however, to embrace all things girly girl. She admitted, “[Derek and I] both have two nephews right now [whom] we absolutely adore and we spend a lot of time with, so I’m really excited to buy all the girly fun stuff because we’ve been buying boy things for years.”
Added the then-mom-to-be, “I want an Easy-Bake Oven, I want the dollhouse. Barbie car.”
/n