How You Can Party Like You’re on ‘Laguna Beach’… 10 Years Later/n





                    What You Should Do While on Vacation in Mexico, According to These Celebs
                







Words of wisdom from the experts.

 MORE >>










                    Lauren Conrad Bikinis in Cabo San Lucas
                







LC returns to Mexico. 

 MORE >>





It’s been almost a decade since Laguna Beach went off the air, but Cabo San Lucas — the setting for one of the series’ most memorable episodes, “What Happens in Cabo” — is still one of the most sought-after vacation hotspots in the world. While we may not be able to see Kristin Cavallari dancing on bar tables anymore, there are still ways to enjoy the Mexico locale whether you’re a single Spring Breaker like Lauren Conrad 10 years ago or living in domestic bliss like LC now.

Regardless what you’re looking for, the key to having the best vacation — especially when it comes to Cabo — its getting the best deal when you’re booking your getaway. Services like Cheap Caribbean will not only try help you find the luxury vacation packages and resort accommodations at unbeatable prices, but also allow you access to their staff of beach experts seven days a week to help you book the vacay of your dreams.





CREDIT: AMResorts


One up-and-coming hotspot located right in Cabo San Lucas is the Breathless Cabo San Lucas Resort & Spa, which boasts marina and ocean views and full access to the safest swimmable beach in Cabo right from the steps of the hotel. Opened in December 2015, it’s a place that Cavallari or LC might even enjoy now thanks to its Unlimited Luxury experience, providing guests with unlimited top-shelf spirits and gourmet dining, 24-hour room service, a daily refreshed mini bar, and admittance to nightly themed parties. (Did we mention there are also two infinity pools on the premise?)
Here’s a guide of what to do when you’re in town and around the Breathless resort:
 
For the Party People…
Trying to dance the night away with your own Stephen Colletti?

Grab drinks at seaside bar Foam
Party at rooftop lounge Purple
Do a bar crawl and visit El Squid Roe (Calvin Harris was spotted there after his breakup with Taylor Swift!)

 





CREDIT: AMResorts


For those who want to get away from drama…
Want to relax and have a low-key and stress-free time?

Book a 50-minute deep tissue massage
Unwind in a hot tub with an ocean view at the spa
Dine by the beach at La Biblioteca de Tequila

 





CREDIT: AMResorts


For the tourist who wants to do it all…
Living in #FOMO?

Go sightseeing on the Explore Los Cabos City Tour
Taste everything at the poolside Spoon buffet
Hit El Medano Beach

 





CREDIT: AMResorts


/n