Finally A Bride? Inside Farrah's Marriage Bombshell While Filming For Dating Show/n
Farrah Abraham has traveled all over the world to find love on MTV’s upcoming series Single AF, but has the Teen Mom OG star already found the one? RadarOnline.com can reveal exclusive details on Abraham’s upcoming wedding!
Abraham, 25, has revealed over social media that she has traveled to Australia, Spain and England so far to go on dates with possible suitors. She is currently in Paris, France to continue filming.
PHOTOS: Farrah Abraham Celebrates 25th Birthday With ‘Teen Mom’ Pal Jenelle Evans





 Date with @luca_paolucci_ is going well. Check this space for more updates… #MtvsingleAF #mtvuk #mtvaustralia
A post shared by Farrah Abraham (@farrah__abraham) on Jun 30, 2017 at 4:05am PDT



Abraham admitted over Instagram that while she has made her choice, all of the men she has dated left her “amazing messages” about their time together.
Despite her possible new romance, the next wedding the MTV star will be attending won’t be her own! RadarOnline.com exclusively chatted with her estranged mother Daniel Danielsen to get an update on her nuptials to her doctor fiancé David.
She told Radar that the future couple would be getting married in Bora Bora in the fall despite her estrangement from her daughter.
PHOTOS: Farrah Abraham & Beau Simon Safran Spotted Shopping After Adoption Announcement
“I invited Farrah and Sophia to be there,” she said, “We’ll see if they come.”
As Radar readers know, Abraham does not approve of her mother’s marriage because of her feud with her fiancé. While on a family vacation, she cursed him out for refusing to try to bond with her and her daughter Sophia.
Putting all of the drama aside, Danielsen is focusing on the big day.
PHOTOS:Farrah Abraham Frolics On The Beach In A Bikini Amid Sex Tape Scandal
“I want to wear a mermaid dress,” she said.
She even revealed that MTV has talked to her about filming the wedding.
But that may not be the only way fans could be involved in the big day, as she hopes to appear on TLC’s Say Yes to the Dress to find the perfect gown.
Do you think Abraham will attend the wedding? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n