Brad Pitt May Have Just Apologized to Jennifer Aniston for His Affair with Angelina Jolie/n
It’s that time of the week again when the celebrity weeklies hit the newsstands. To separate what’s real and rumor, we turned to our friends at Gossip Cop for the 411 on this week’s most controversial stories.

Jennifer Aniston “broke down” in tears after Brad Pitt recently “apologized” for everything he “put her through,” including leaving her for Angelina Jolie, reveals In Touch. The magazine notes Aniston felt “vindication” and like a “two-ton weight of sadness and regret had been lifted” after Pitt “made amends.” For what their future now holds, go to Gossip Cop.
Teresa Giudice is divorcing her imprisoned husband Joe, reports Us Weekly. The magazine says she’s “done” with him, over the “rumors of infidelity,” and ever since he’s been locked up, she’s begun to enjoy her ”independence” and learned that she doesn’t “need Joe or anyone.” For when she plans to file for divorce, see what her lawyer exclusively tells Gossip Cop.
Miranda Lambert will be getting “revenge” on Blake Shelton by “spilling their marriage and divorce secrets,” says Life & Style. The publication reveals she’s writing new music exposing the “devastating truth about their relationship” and even songs “inspired” by Gwen Stefani. For how bad a “beating” Shelton will take for the “pain and heartbreak” he caused, log on to Gossip Cop.
Sandra Bullock plans to secretly wed Bryan Randall and adopt another child with him, reports Star. For the longest time, Bullock “fended off” Randall’s marriage talk, “but once a third child came into the conversation, he was able to wear down her resistance,” notes the publication. For the exclusive on their upcoming Jackson Hole wedding, click over to Gossip Cop.
Jennifer Aniston is pregnant with a “miracle baby” at 48, exclaims OK!. The pregnancy, says the publication, comes “after years of false starts” and “the help of IVF.” The magazine notes Aniston revealed the good news to Justin Theroux right before their second anniversary. For when Aniston is due and when she’ll announce she’s pregnant, see what her rep leaks to Gossip Cop.
/n