Spencer And Mona’s Battle Comes To A Head On ‘Pretty Little Liars’/n





                    'PLL' Recap: Emily Remembers
                







Emily has a major revelation on the latest 'PLL.'

 MORE >>





 With every new episode of ABC Family’s Pretty Little Liars, Spencer (Troian Bellisario) spirals a little bit deeper into despair and insanity and this week’s episode is set for an explosion.
Tension between Spence and the girls has been at an all time high as she continues to keep secret the real reason her and Toby (Keegan Allen) broke up. But, if you thought tension between her and the Liars was anything, just wait until you see what’s about to go down between Mona (Janel Parrish) and Spencer.
 

EPISODE SNAPSHOTS FROM 'PLL'S' 'WHAT BECOMES OF THE BROKEN-HEARTED'








































13 Photos »



Mona has been slowly but surely digging her nails into Spence, having beat the brainiac to become captain of the decathlon team and now with the big competition here, things are about to come to a head.

From the looks of this clip, one can assume Spence has been kicked off the team just before the big event, but she won’t go down quietly.
Spencer shows up at the event and with a devious tone thanks Mona for sending Wren (Julian Morris) her way informing her that “part of my treatment plan requires me to read a case study all about a deeply disturbed teenager. Wren seems to refer to her as ‘M’ but we both know that this sociopath goes by other initials as well.”
She then goes a step further and threatens to post the entire case study on the Internet with Mona’s photo.
 

episode snapshots from 'pll's' 'dead to me' 








































18 Photos »



“And who’s looking cray cray now Spencer? Have you completely lost it? Is that why Toby left you?,” ponders Mona. Ouch!
Additional clips from the episode also show Spencer receiving a warning from “A” to not spill the beans about Toby and then shows Spence launching herself at Mona while at the competition. Is it true – has Spence completely lost it?
Watch the entire clip above and judge for yourself. Fans of the show can also live blog with Bellisario on abcfamily.com/prettylittleliars at 7PM ET/4PM PT and tweet with her at @sleepinthegardn during the episode’s east coast airing at 8 PM ET/5 PM PT.
Pretty Little Liars airs Tuesdays at 8 PM on ABC Family.
What do you think about Spencer’s downward spiral? Are you hoping the other Liars find out Toby’s real secret soon? Sound off in the comments below!
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n