 X-Rated Regrets: ‘RHOC’ Star Alexa Curtin Wants Judge To Ban Her Porno From Trial.../n
Real Housewives of Orange County star Lynne Curtin’s daughter Alexa wants her X-rated past kept buried! RadarOnline.com has learned that the reality star turned porn star is pleading with a judge to ban her past “performances” from the courtroom during the upcoming trial for her rape lawsuit.
The 23-year-old former reality star filed a civil lawsuit accusing an Orange County Sheriff of raping her last April, and it’s just about to go to trial. Curtin argued in new documents filed in the case that bringing up her XXX-rated past would adversely affect how the jury viewed her.
“Any evidence of Ms. Curtin’s arrests and convictions are entirely irrelevant to the issues in this case,” the documents state.
PHOTOS: Sorry, Not Sorry? ‘RHOC’ Reunion Ignites Massive Cast War
The reality star secretly began working as an adult film star back in 2014, under the name “Jayden Taylors.”
Clips of her work are easily accessible online, but her attorney claims that evidence or reference to the jury of her past sexual history and porn career “will unfairly prejudice Ms. Curtin, confuse the issues, mislead the jury, and unduly delay the proceedings.”
“Such evidence/references have nothing to do with the sexual assault committed by Defendant and have no bearing on the parties’ credibility,” the motion states.
PHOTOS: ‘RHOC’ Cast Supports Former Housewife Gretchen Rossi At High-Fashion Event
What’s more, Curtin wants any mention of her previous run-ins with the law kept out of court too. She was previously popped for domestic violence and drug possession, but said
“The arrests are not being used to show that Ms. Curtin had a history of making complaints against law enforcement officers,” and should therefore not be mentioned, the documents state.
Curtin claims that she was pulled over for a traffic violation in 2014 and Orange County Deputy Nicholas Lee Caropino raped her in the car. She claimed she followed his orders out of fear for her safety. Once he finished, she claimed, the officer asked for her cell number.
PHOTOS: Desperate For Fame? Meghan King Edmonds & Jim Edmonds’ Lies EXPOSED!
She sued demanding damages for the alleged sexual assault. The County of Orange blasted the lawsuit, saying the reality star consented to any alleged acts.
Curtin is seeking a judgement in the amount of $10 million dollars. Stay with Radar for updates to the story.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n