Josiah Duggar and Marjorie Jackson: Courtship in Their Own Words (VIDEO)/n
Josiah Duggar certainly picked a playful young lady to court.  
Tuesday on 19 Kids and Counting‘s official page, in a video that coincided with the end of an episode dedicated to several other Duggars‘ weddings, fans got the first proper glimpse of Josiah’s new girlfriend Marjorie Jackson and her sparkling personality.  
Introducing the idea that she’s “purposefully dating” the fourth Duggar boy, Marjorie teased that she is courting “one of the boys – and it’s not John David, it’s not Joseph, not Jedidiah … it’s Josiah!”
We know that Duggar parents Jim Bob, 49, and Michelle, 48, approve of the relationship, but the video shows without a doubt that this incredibly accomplished 17-year-old – who is bilingual, plays piano and has written a book encouraging young women to read the Bible – fits well in the Duggar family. (Why else would they let her share this “insider information”?)  
In the spirit of “getting to know each other along with family and friends,” big brother Josh, 27, showed up to offer up some sage advice (not to mention “all [his] good looks”) about how each couple embarks upon courtship with its own structure.  
When Josh asked his little brother, “What’s your reason [for beginning this journey]?” Josiah, 18, answered without pause: “Marjorie.”   
Smart young man, that Josiah.  
Fans of TLC’s hit show 19 Kids and Counting can continue to watch Josiah and Marjorie’s growing relationship Tuesdays (9 p.m. ET) and can see the birth of Josiah’s nephew Israel David Dillard on May 5 in advance of Mother’s Day.  
Jill and Derick Dillard also opened up about their firstborn’s arrival. Subscribe now for Jill and Derick’s exclusive interview – and to see photos of their son Israel David – only in PEOPLE!
Want More Duggars? Click here to get weekly updates on the stars of TLC’s 19 Kids and Counting in the Duggar Family Newsletter.
RELATED: How Josiah Duggar Took a Cue from Sister Jill When He Started Courting

/n