Four People Arrested in Connection to Ariana Grande Concert Bombing in Manchester/n





                    Ariana Grande Suspends Tour Indefinitely Following Manchester Attack
                







The singer has returned stateside.

 MORE >>










                    Ariana Grande Addresses Fans After Manchester Terror Attack
                







"Broken."

 MORE >>





Authorities have taken four people into their custody following the Manchester Arena attack that left 22 dead and more than 50 injured.

During a press conference on Wednesday (May 24, 2017), Manchester Police Chief Constable Ian Hopkins announced they are investigating “a network” of people suspected to have close ties with the explosion at Ariana Grande’s concert Monday  night.
Police said one suspect was arrested on Tuesday, while three suspects were taken into custody Wednesday following a raid in south Manchester. Salman Abedi, a 22-year-old British citizen born to Libyan parents, was previously identified as the suicide bomber who died at the scene of the blast.

Embed from Getty Images



Abedi’s father, Ramadan, previously confirmed to the Associated Press Salman’s older brother, Ismail, was one of the suspects arrested. Authorities in Tripoli later arrested him and son Hashem Abedi, Reuters reports.
“I think it’s very clear that this is a network that we’re investigating,” Hopkins told reporters, according to AP. “And as I’ve said, it continues at a pace. There’s extensive investigations going on and activity taking place across greater Manchester as we speak.”
Law enforcement since raised the official number of people who sought medical treatment to 119, adding 20 of them sustained critical injuries. One of the 22 people killed was said to be a female off-duty officer.
“Very sadly, I can confirm that one of the victims is a serving police officer,” Hopkins said. “But in respecting their family’s wishes, I will make no further comment at this stage.”
Officials said all the dead had been identified, but their names would not be made public until autopsies are completed.





CREDIT: Christopher Furlong/Getty Images


/n