 The Lord & His Lady: Kourtney Kardashian, Scott Disick Preparing To Head For The Altar.../n
Kimye’s nascent union isn’t the only exchange of “I do’s” in the Kardashi-verse.
Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick, according to a new Life&Style report, are planning to wed in Punta Mita, Mexico, where their pal, Girls Gone Wild peddler Joe Francis, owns an expansive estate.
The couple, who have been together for seven years and have two adorable children (4-year-old son Mason and 20-month-old daughter Penelope), are planning to pull out all the stops for the gala nuptials, including $100,000 in transportation costs for their guests in the destination wedding.
PHOTOS: Khloe’s Facial Changes Through The Years
While Kourt, 34, has had famously cold feet about officially becoming the Lord’s Lady, the death of both of his parents in the span of three months have her placing an extra premium on family and the institution, as a source told the magazine she’s “realized that she’s all he has.
The deaths “made her see things differently,” the source said, and now marks “the perfect time …to get married.”
In addition, the source said the comely couple has been “going really well” after shakier times last year, and Kourtney believes that “now is the best time to walk down the aisle.”
PHOTOS: Model Moms
Don’t expect the pomp and circumstance that her famous sister will have when she marries Kanye West, however, as the source said Kourtney “doesn’t want a big production like Kim’s wedding.”
The couple, according to the magazine, will utilize the services of top wedding industry professionals, such as planner Sharon Sacks, jeweler Lorraine Schwartz and designer Vera Wang.
In related news, police might have a lead in the recent — and possibly connected — robberies to hit the first family of Calabasas, as thieves stole $50,000 in cash from Kourtney, and $250,000 in jewels from her sister Khloé in February.
The Craziest & Most Outrageous Celebrity Rumors — What’s True, What’s Not?
According to online reports, the robberies might have been perpetrated by drug dealers Khloé’s ex Lamar Odom reportedly owed more than $65,000 to, as they had reportedly threatened to steal the money from his home if he didn’t pay up. Police had no official leads in the case as of Thursday. /n