Felicia Day Welcomes Daughter Calliope Maeve/n
It’s a girl for Felicia Day!
The actress and Geek & Sundry founder welcomed a daughter last week, she announced on Twitter Monday morning.
“Oh yeah Calliope Maeve has hit the world. Currently wearing a onesie that says ‘Bard in Training.’ #LessThanThree,” Day, 37, tweeted next to a photo of her baby girl’s tiny feet.
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.


Oh yeah Calliope Maeve has hit the world. Currently wearing a onesie that says "Bard in Training." #LessThanThree pic.twitter.com/FB2X9BFYXq
— Felicia Day (@feliciaday) January 30, 2017



I went in to the hospital to have a baby last week and came back out not recognizing my own country.
— Felicia Day (@feliciaday) January 30, 2017

The adorable proclamation came minutes after Day tweeted, “I went in to the hospital to have a baby last week and came back out not recognizing my own country.”
The new mom also commented on the choice for her daughter’s name, confirming it as a nod to “Calliope” being the muse of epic poetry and “Maeve” as a tribute to a fairy warrior queen.


@mforbeck yes! And Maeve a fairy warrior queen. Good combo!
— Felicia Day (@feliciaday) January 30, 2017



@sevendaysky until she wants to respec
— Felicia Day (@feliciaday) January 30, 2017

“Until she wants to respec,” Day wrote in response to a joke about her daughter’s “bard” status.
Day announced her pregnancy late in the game, with a baby bump shot on Instagram in early January — along with a cheeky caption, of course.
“She’s coming in like three weeks so I guess I should announce this and stuff,” the Buffy the Vampire Slayer alum captioned the selfie, in which she’s wearing a trucker hat saying “AS SEEN ON YOUR MOM” and pointing down at her bare baby belly.





 She's coming in like three weeks so I guess I should announce this and stuff.
A post shared by Felicia Day (@feliciaday) on Jan 3, 2017 at 1:29pm PST


Aside from BTVS and her internet prowess, Day is recognizable for her footprints across multiple fandom cultures and appearances at fan conventions over the years.
She also has roles in Eureka, Supernatural and, perhaps most famously, the 2008 viral internet web series Dr. Horrible’s Sing-Along Blog under her belt. Her memoir, You’re Never Weird on the Internet (Almost), was released in 2015.
Calliope is Day’s first child.
/n