 British Model Chloe Ayling Reveals Her Horror Dark Web Sex Slave Kidnap Ordeal - Details.../n
British model, Chloe Ayling, has revealed her horror kidnap ordeal.
The 20-year-old was abducted as part of the Dark Web sex slave gang.
Stunning model Ayling revealed how she woke up shackled inside a bag with tape over her mouth.
PHOTOS: Parents, Police, Church Fail Victims: How Josh Duggar Got Away With His Sick Crimes In 10 Clicks
Online criminal group, known as Black Death, lured her to an abandoned shop near Milan’s Central Station promising a photo-shoot.
But this was just a ruse and she was bound and shoved into the trunk of a car before being driven 120 miles to a farmhouse in Turin where she was kept for six days. The model was released by the cyber gang after they discovered that she was in fact the mother of a two-year-old son.
Ayling said in a statement following her release: “A person wearing black gloves came from behind and put one hand on my neck and one on my mouth to stop me from screaming.
PHOTOS: TV Show Of The Century? It’s Selma Blair As Kris Jenner, David Schwimmer As Robert Kardashian & More On Set For ‘American Crime Story: The People V. OJ Simpson’
“A second person wearing a black balaclava gave me an injection in my right forearm. I think I lost consciousness. When I woke up I was wearing a pink bodysuit and the socks I am wearing now.
“I realized I was in the boot of a car with my wrists and ankles handcuffed, adhesive tape on my mouth. I was inside a bag and was only able to breathe through a small hole.”
After her ordeal she was flown back to Great Britain where she returned to her her three-bedroom terraced home in Coulsdon, South London.
PHOTOS: The Face Of Evil: Jared Fogle’s Lawyer Blames ‘Medical Problem’ For Child Sex Crimes — First Photos Since Confession
Speaking on her doorstep she told reporters: “I’ve been through a terrifying experience. I’ve feared for my life, second by second, minute by minute, hour by hour.”
Police are still investigating the shocking case.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n