Giveaway Alert: Win a MTV Movie & TV Awards 2017 Gift Bag — Valued at $2,921!/n





                    MTV Movie Awards: The 'Best Kiss' Winners Over the Last Decade
                







What was your favorite smooch?

 MORE >>





You — yes, you — can get the star treatment!

We’re celebrating 2017 MTV Movie & TV Awards by giving one lucky winner the chance to live like an A-lister. You, too, can take home the same official gift bag given to A-list attendees like Emma Watson, Hugh Jackman, and Zac Efron.
With a whopping retail value of $2,921, the swanky swag bag — courtesy of Backstage Creations — includes goodies such as a relaxing retreat in Dubai and Costa Rica, a smart suitcase for your travels, and award-winning headphones for your flight to your luxury resorts.
Want win this amazing prize pack? Tune in to the awards this Sunday, May 7 on MTV at 8/7c and find out how you can enter in our giveaway — below!
 
HOW TO ENTER
1) Leave a comment on this post telling us which 2017 MTV Movie & TV Awards nominee(s) you’re rooting for.
2) When leaving your comment, make sure you are logged in using a valid email address! We will contact the winner via email.
3) You may leave multiple comments. We will choose the winning comment at random.
4) You must live in the continental United States in order to enter.
5) Contest will close on Monday, May 15, 2017 at midnight PST.
6) Please read the complete contest rules here.
 
WHAT YOU COULD WIN

1MORE Triple Driver In-Ear Headphones: Award-winning headphones meticulously designed for superior sound quality and style. 
Abella Skin Care, Inc. ColorShade: SPF 35 Tinted sunscreen lotion available in 4 tints to accommodate today’s consumer demographic. Blend wells with makeup.
Atlantis The Palm, Dubai: Atlantis The Palm is a unique ocean-themed resort which features a variety of marine and entertainment attractions, as well as 17 hectares of waterscape amusement at Aquaventure Waterpark, all within a 46 hectare site. It is home to one of the largest marine habitats in the world, with over 65,000 marine animals. Prize includes one night stay.
Bioderma USA: Bioderma Sensibio H2O is a cleansing and makeup removing water that respects the fragility of sensitive skin. One bottle of Sensibio H2O is sold every two seconds around the world!
Bombata USA Corp.: Micro Bombata Briefcase for 11 inch laptop and Tablet.
Croton Watch Co.: Croton has always been a family owned and operated company since its inception in 1878. We are the benchmark of quality, style, precision and value. 
El Castillo Boutique Luxury Hotel – Costa Rica: El Castillo Boutique Luxury Hotel located in South Pacific Costa Rica. One of the most spectacular ocean views in the world and winner of the 2017 TripAdvisor Travelers Choice award for Top 25 Small Hotels – Central America. Prize includes one night stay.
Everything, Everything by Nicola Yoon: The novel adapted into the 2017 movie starring Amandla Stenberg.

 





CREDIT: Kevin Winter/Getty Images



Hasbro Gaming

Flip Challenge game: Based on the viral “bottle flipping challenge,” players ages 8+ can toss a bottle in the air and attempt to land it on one of the four unique Flip Challenge targets. Kids can master the 40 included trick shot challenge cards, compete with friends, or customize their very own bottle flipping games! 
Speak Out: Kids vs. Parents Edition game: The new Speak Out game will pit adults against kids ages 8+ in a hilarious mouthpiece challenge! With included kid-sized and adult-sized mouthpieces, the Speak Out: Kids vs. Parents Edition game will have families doubled over in laughter as each member attempts to say a whacky muffled phrase! 


Hempz: Limited Edition Yuzu & Starfruit Herbal Moisturizing and Nourishing Shampoo and Conditioner are enriched with 100% Pure Natural Hemp Seed Oil and blended with a refreshing mix of essential extracts, ultra-mild cleansers and key styling benefits to help restore moisture, smoothness, shine and protect hair from heat, humidity and frizz.
Institute Beaute: Stilettos Rx cushions the balls of your foot, decreases burning, painful pressure and cramping… No matter how high the heel!
Lauren Hope: A sexy, slinky silhouette that instantly transforms. Whether you’re heading to work or your next date, this necklace will be the one you reach for.
Malibu Jane Footwear: California classic sandals and footwear.
McFadin: Handbags, luggage and accessories handmade in Texas by sisters Stacy and Laurie McFadin.
Mocktails Brand Alcohol-Free Cocktails - Not a cocktail and not a mixer (although you can add alcohol if you like), Mocktails is a new line of all natural drinks that presents itself like any other drink at the bar — both in taste and appearance. Don’t let this appearance or its ability to manifest the same kind of carefree fun as a boozy brunch fool you… its 100 percent alcohol free!
Old Spice Hydro Wash Body Wash: Wash away doubt and anxiety with the new Hydro Wash body wash. Hydro Wash features Old Spice’s proprietary “dual stream” formula, keeping moisturizers and cleansers separate so that the moisturizers don’t wash away with the lather before hydrating the skin. 
Raden: Raden is everything you need to seamlessly get from point A to B. It’s an end to end experience for better travel by pairing the world’s best materials with technology.

 





CREDIT: Kevin Winter/Getty Images



Rick and Morty Ripple Junction T-Shirt & Funko Mystery Minis: This comfy red heather shirt is a poly cotton blend that is suitable for intergalactic adventures or just scarfing down chicken nuggets. Go on adventures across the universe with Rick and Morty in a science experiment gone wrong — or gone delightfully right — where Rick has turned all your favorite characters into Mystery Minis!
Savannah Bee Company: Savannah Bee Company is the leader in honey purity standards. Any honey poured by Savannah Bee Company as a specialty varietal honey must have a minimum of 80 percent pollen count, which ensures that the honey exhibits the best flavor and texture possible from the blossom crop.
Spectral.LASH Eye Lash Simulator by DS Laboratories: Long, luxurious eyelashes have the power to transform anyone’s face for the better. Spectral.LASH from DS Laboratories is an amazing drug-free formulation that is clinically proven to increase eyelash thickness and density and grow lashes up to 25 percent longer in just four weeks. 
The Sea Fire Grill: Enjoy locally sourced, contemporary American Seafood at the acclaimed Sea Fire Grill!
Topgolf: Topgolf features fun and competitive golf games for all ages, climate-controlled playing “bays” similar to a bowling lane, an impressive food and drink menu, private spaces for groups of any size, HDTVs to watch the big game and a music selection that will make every visit feel like a party. Prize includes a Topgolf hat.
Trapp Fragrances : Fill your room with fragrance while providing a pleasing ambient glow. Prize includes The Trapp Ambiance Collection — “A bottle of perfume in every candle.”
Wrytewood: Sophisticated and witty travel-inspired boxed notecards. Stop thinking and start writing!

 





CREDIT: Kevin Winter/Getty Images


Please note: Items in photo are subject to change based on availability.
Remember, all that you need to do to enter the contest is sign into Disqus using a valid email address and leave a comment below telling us the 2017 MTV Movie & TV Awards nominee(s) you’re rooting for. Best of luck to everyone!
/n