Laughs, Tears, & FOUR Post-Credits Scenes! First Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 Reactions Hit Twitter!/n

Don't worry, Baby Groot. It's mostly positive. Mostly.
Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 is opening stateside in just over two weeks, and we can't wait to see Chris Pratt, Zoe Saldana, and the rest of the gang back together saving the universe.
Oh, and did we mention Kurt frikkin' Russell and Sylvester Stallone?!
Video: GOTG Vol. 2 Trailer Shows First Look At Kurt Russell!
Critics finally got their first looks at the film on Monday night, and though full reviews are embargoed for another week, they were allowed to share the most basic, spoiler-free responses on Twitter.
People couldn't agree at all on who the best character was, but what was pretty universal is that this movie has a lot of humor and even more emotion! (And four of those Marvel after credits scenes!)
See the best reactions (below)! 

GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY VOL. 2 is exciting, funny, gorgeous & a helluva tearjerker. For many, it will become their new favorite Marvel movie pic.twitter.com/Po4ZOSPs8Q
— ErikDavis (@ErikDavis) April 18, 2017


Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 is funnier than the original, a ton of surprises, and an unexpected emotional profoundness. I am Groot.
— Peter Sciretta (@slashfilm) April 18, 2017


GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY 2 kept a smile on my face from beginning to end. Funny, action packed, emotional, and tons of surprises. Thumbs up. pic.twitter.com/aIz7Redwin
— Steven Weintraub (@colliderfrosty) April 18, 2017

I saw #GotGVol2, & though slightly uneven,I got sniffly,I did a few side looks,I laughed a lot, & overall really enjoyed it! I want more! pic.twitter.com/qe4Ek6mXBk
— Jon Schnepp (@JonSchnepp) April 18, 2017


I need to see GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY VOL. 2 a second time, but after one viewing: very funny, a bit shaggy, grade-A Kurt, and so much heart pic.twitter.com/IO4GXO4ANX
— Kevin P. Sullivan (@KPSull) April 18, 2017


Don't think I've heard so much laughter at a press screening. People seemed to really be digging Guardians Vol. 2. Can't say more (yet)
— Aaron Couch (@AaronCouch) April 18, 2017


Going in with through-the-roof expectations, Guardians Vol. 2 still left me wishing it was never going to end. I seriously loved it. pic.twitter.com/kMvGQCeRiS
— Brandon Davis (@BrandonDavisBD) April 18, 2017


GUARDIANS VOL. 2 feels like a solid one-and-done issue between big stories; lots of character bits, not much story. MVP: Dave Bautista.
— Matt Singer (@mattsinger) April 18, 2017


Baby Groot is cuter than you can possibly imagine, Star-Lord reminds me why I liked Pratt, but YONDU 💙💙 is the real standout. #GotGVol2
— Angie J. Han (@ajhan) April 18, 2017


Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 is a whole heap of fun. Gorgeous, a bit mad, and surprisingly emotional. And yes, Baby Groot is everything.
— Haleigh Foutch (@HaleighFoutch) April 18, 2017

The problem w/ GOTG2 is that the VFX threaten to swallow the film, which is way too long & too reliant on music cues. Too much family drama.
— Jeff Sneider (@TheInSneider) April 18, 2017



I will say that I loved @PomKlementieff as Mantis, a great addition to the sequel who had strong chemistry with Drax. More of her, please!
— Jeff Sneider (@TheInSneider) April 18, 2017


Also: Come for the movie, stay for the not one, not two, not three, but *four* post credit scenes.
— Mike Ryan (@mikeryan) April 18, 2017

FOUR post credit scenes?? OMG we need another Baby Groot dancing sequence in our lives so bad!
We mean, he does have legs now, how about some electric slide? Ha!
/n