Kathy Griffin Apologizes for Bloody Donald Trump Photo/n





                    Kathy Griffin Recalls 'Creepy' Encounter with Woody Allen
                







Ew. 

 MORE >>





Kathy Griffin is sorry.

Just hours after her photo shoot with Tyler Shields — which featured the 56-year-old comedienne holding a mock of President Donald Trump’s severed head — surfaced online, the many took to social media to blast the Fashion Police alum for promoting violence. When she was condemned by Chelsea Clinton, Anderson Cooper, and Trump himself, Griffin issued an apology for the gory stunt.

This is vile and wrong. It is never funny to joke about killing a president. https://t.co/zIiuKoMyFw
— Chelsea Clinton (@ChelseaClinton) May 30, 2017


For the record, I am appalled by the photo shoot Kathy Griffin took part in. It is clearly disgusting and completely inappropriate.
— Anderson Cooper (@andersoncooper) May 31, 2017



.@kathygriffin I’m sorry but that is totally inappropriate and so very offensive. And I have to believe you’re smart enough to know better.
— Alyssa Milano (@Alyssa_Milano) May 30, 2017


It wasn’t right when peoplel hung lynched Obama effigies, just as what Kathy Griffin did isn’t right now.
— Debra Messing (@DebraMessing) May 30, 2017


“I sincerely apologize. I’m just now seeing the reaction of these images,” she said in a video. “I’m a comic, I cross the line. I move the line, then I cross it. I went way too far. The image is too disturbing. I understand how it offends people. It wasn’t funny. I get it. I’ve made a lot of mistakes in my career; I will continue. I ask your forgiveness. [I’m] taking down the image. [I’m] going to ask the photographer to take down the image and I beg for your forgiveness. I went too far. I made a mistake and I was wrong.”

I am sorry. I went too far. I was wrong. pic.twitter.com/LBKvqf9xFB
— Kathy Griffin (@kathygriffin) May 30, 2017

According to TMZ, Trump’s 11-year-old son, Barron, was frightened by the bloody image when he saw it on TV. An insider close to the family told the outlet, “He’s 11. He doesn’t know who Kathy Griffin is and the head she was holding resembled his dad.”
“Kathy Griffin should be ashamed of herself,” the POTUS tweeted from his personal account. “My children, especially my 11 year old son, Barron, are having a hard time with this. Sick.”
Donald Trump Jr. also slammed Griffin for the graphic picture, tweeting, “I’m counting down having to explain it to my 8 and 10 year olds who I’m sure will see/hear about it at school.”
Since the controversy, Griffin was fired from CNN from her co-hosting gig on the network’s New Year’s Eve special. Her ad campaign with Squatty Potty was also pulled.
“We were shocked and disappointed to learn about the image Ms. Griffin shared today, it was deeply inappropriate and runs contrary to the core values our company stands for,” the brand said in a statement. “In response, Squatty Potty has suspended its ad campaign featuring Ms. Griffin. We have acted swiftly and decisively to demonstrate our commitment to a culture of decency, civility, and tolerance.”


Kathy Griffin poses nude for Tyler Shields






















3 Photos »


/n