for being unprepared.  "Don't try to make me feel bad because I am blue black its 2015 go to Mac, Bobbi Brown, Makeup forever, Iman cosmetic, black opal, even Lancôme and Clinique carried them plus so much more. There's so muc.../n
Supermodel Nykhor Paul is calling it like it is. The 25-year-old South Sudanese beauty, who has walked in shows such as Vivienne Westwood, Balenciaga and Rick Owens, took to Instagram on Monday to post a heated rant aimed at makeup artists who are unequipped to work with women of color while highlighting the lack of diversity in the fashion industry.  "Dear white people in the fashion world! Please don't take this the wrong way but it's time you people get your s--t right when it comes to our complexion!" the model began. "Why do I have to bring my own makeup to a professional show when all the other white girls don't have to do anything but show up wtf!"

PHOTOS: Guess the supermodel baby photo!



Frazer Harrison/Getty Images

She continued, noting that there are a number of makeup brands that cater towards black women, so there is really no excuse for being unprepared. "Don't try to make me feel bad because I am blue black its 2015 go to Mac, Bobbi Brown, Makeup forever, Iman cosmetic, black opal, even Lancôme and Clinique carried them plus so much more. There's so much options our there for dark skin tones today. A good makeup artist would come prepare and do there research before coming to work because often time you know what to expect especially at a show!"Stop apologizing it's insulting and disrespectful to me and my race it doesn't help, seriously! Make an effort at least!" she wrote. "That goes for NYC, London, Milan, Paris and Cape Town plus everywhere else that have issues with black skin tones. Just because you only book a few of us doesn't mean you have the right to make us look ratchet." 

READ: Gina Rodriguez wants more minorities in Hollywood



Ian Gavan/Getty Images

Paul isn't the first who's spoken out about racial inequality in the cut-throat world of modeling. Jourdan Dunn, who, in January, became British Vogue's first solo black cover model in 12 years, previously told The Edit that she's lost out on jobs because clients "didn't want any more black girls" and even recounted an incident in which a makeup artist refused to touch her because of her race.

PHOTOS: Stars at Paris Haute Couture Fashion Week
/n