War Machine Sentenced To Life In Prison For Brutal Attack On Porn Star Ex-Girlfriend/n
War Machine will spend the rest of his life behind bars for his brutal beat down of his porn star ex-girlfriend.
The former MMA fighter, real name Jon Koppenhaver, 35, was sentenced to life in prison with the possibility of parole after 36 years on June 5, 2017 for his brutal attack on his ex-girlfriend, Christy Mack.
He was found guilty of multiple counts of sexual assault with a deadly weapon resulting in substantial bodily harm and first-degree kidnapping with use of a deadly weapon resulting in substantial bodily harm.
As Radar previously reported, Mack claimed that her ex-boyfriend walked in on her and a man named Corey Thomas on August 8, 2014. The MMA fighter then began to attack her.
PHOTOS: Tom Sizemore Released From Jail After Allegedly ‘Beating Up’ Ex-Girlfriend
“Without a single word spoken, he began beating my friend; once he was finished, he sent my friend away and turned his attention to me,” Mack said. “He made me undress and shower in front of him, then dragged me out and beat my face.”
He sexually assaulted her, beat her and sawed her hair off with a knife. She had a broken nose, broken bones around her eyes and numerous other injuries.
He released a lengthy statement on Twitter after he was convicted.
PHOTOS: Oscar Pistorius Sentenced To 6 Years In Prison For Murdering Model Girlfriend
“Well, that didn’t go very well, now did it? Would you believe me, though, if I said that I have nothing but joy inside, even now as I am sure to receive some type of life sentence?,” he wrote, and addressed Mack.
“Now, if only I could somehow receive Christy’s forgiveness… And if only I could one day hear that she too had been saved! That would remove every last bit of tarnish from this tragedy. CHRISTY: I am sorry for the man that I was, I am sorry for hurting you. One day, when enough time has passed, and when your wounds are fully healed, I hope that you will write to me, or, perhaps, even visit me, so that I can apologize completely, and so that I can tell you about all that I have found in regard to god. He is real and can heal and complete you deep inside, if only you knew the full extent to which he had healed me.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n