Karen & Natalie Celebrate Big Ang At Drunken Monkey After Funeral/n
It’s been over a year since Karen Gravano and Natalie Guercio battled on the set of Mob Wives, but RadarOnline.com has learned that the two former costars were finally able to put their differences aside after the death of their mutual friend, Angela “Big Ang” Raiola.
In fact, the two enemies gathered together on Monday night along with other Mob Wives stars at the Raiola’s former Staten Island bar The Drunken Monkey (now called the Funky Monkey) following the funeral and burial services earlier that day.
PHOTOS: 54 & Still Wild! Big Ang Gets Sexy Lap Dance From Male Stripper, Grabs His Crotch
“We all went and celebrated Ang’s life at the Funky Monkey last night,” Gravano told Radar exclusively. “Carla Facciolo, Jennifer Graziano [the creator and executive producer of Mob Wives], Natalie Guercio, and a bunch of Ang’s friends were all there.”
At the bar, Gravano, 43, and Guercio, 33, were finally able to put the past behind them.
“Her and I put our differences aside,” Gravano said. “We both laughed and cried. Ang’s favorite saying was ‘Get over it,’ and we got over it because we did it in her honor.”
PHOTOS: Big Ang Death — ‘Mob Wives’ Star’s 20 Most Outrageous Moments
As Radar previously reported, Raiola lost her battle to brain and lung cancer last week.
According to Gravano, it was their friend’s death that helped her be able to settle the drama with Guercio.
“When you lose someone close to you, whose heart was filled with so much love, it puts everything into perceptive,” Gravano explained. “Natalie and I, we both felt that way.”
PHOTOS: Celebrities React To Big Ang’s Tragic Death
“It wasn’t about Mob Wives,” she said. “It was all about we were hurting, and the last thing that Ang wanted was any conflict.”
So the women were able to celebrate Raiola’s life together.
“We all drank and shared our moments,” she admitted. “We laughed and cried, and we dropped the drama because it wasn’t important.”
PHOTOS: Big Ang’s Final Hours: Costars, Estranged Hubby ‘Crying’ At Death Bed
She added, “We kept thinking: ‘Get over it,’ and we did.”
As Radar first reported, Raiola’s family hosted four wakes over the weekend for the reality star.
And then on Monday, around 1,000 people gathered for an hour-long funeral service at the Basilica of Regina Pacis in Brooklyn, New York.
After that, Raiola was laid to rest during a burial at the Cemetery of the Resurrection in Staten Island.
Family and friends gathered shortly after at Raiola’s favorite restaurant Angelina’s. /n