Son Still Searching for Missing Mother Days After Alleged Kidnappers Arrested: 'I'm Not Gonna Get Another Mom'/n
The son of a 57-year-old Northern California woman who has been missing since late last month told reporters during a press conference this week he’s confused by his mother’s mysterious disappearance – and desperate for her safe return.  
PEOPLE has learned that investigators believe Elvira Babb was kidnapped sometime around June 30, when her son received a text message demanding $60,000 in cash for her safe return.  
John Babb said during Tuesday’s press conference that he initially thought the text seeking the ransom money was a joke. However, when he went to check on his mother later that evening, he found her beloved dog, Rocky, dead inside her Vallejo, California, home.  

Babb’s mother is a Filipina immigrant who worked for an orthotics lab. She was last seen on June 29 by a co-worker who’d dropped her off at a Vallejo market. She was reported missing on July 1.  
Babb said he only received that initial text seeking cash, and told reporters the ransom demand is somewhat baffling.  
“She can barely make her rent,” he said, adding that his mother had recently filed for bankruptcy.  
Detectives have arrested 26-year-old Emmanuel Espinoza, 32-year-old Jalon Brown, 23-year-old Larry Young, and 27-year-old Lovely Rauzol in connection with her disappearance. All four have been charged with kidnapping for ransom, according to a statement from police.  
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
The statement claims Espinoza, who is described as the “primary suspect” in the case, knew the missing woman but does not address the nature of their relationship. He has not divulged her location to police.  
According to the Sacramento Bee and other outlets, Espinoza pleaded not guilty to kidnapping charges and is held on a $1 million bond. Young also pleased not guilty. Brown and Rauzol are due in court later Wednesday.  
Babb told reporters he believes his mom likely didn’t go quietly, given she’d raised her son to defend himself.  
“She means the world [to me],” Babb said during the press conference. “She’s my mom. She’s my only mom. I’m not gonna get another mom. I’m hoping and praying she is held somewhere and we will find her, or they are looking for the right time to let her go.”
/n