A Countess No More! Inside Luann & Tom's Lavish Wedding/n
Luann D’Agostino is a single woman no more! Despite all the cheating rumors and pleas from her cast mates, the Real Housewives of New York City star finally tied the knot with her fiancé Tom D’Agostino on last night’s episode of the Bravo show.
“This is my wedding day, and I am so ready and happy,” Luann shared with the cameras.
Out of her six fellow Housewives, Luann only included Dorinda Medley in her New Year’s Eve wedding. However, the Berkshires babe almost missed the big day entirely!
Dorinda confessed to Ramona Singer that she was enjoying her Bloody Mary a little too much when she got an urgent text from Luann asking where she was. Apparently, she completely forgot she was supposed to get her hair and makeup done with the rest of the bridal party.
PHOTOS: Everything You Need To Know About Bethenny Frankel’s New Boyfriend Russ Theriot
“I had to go over, tipsy, at like 12:00,” Dorinda spilled. “And I forgot my bridesmaids dress when I arrived!”
Dorinda also revealed that she’d forgotten to book her flights until the week before. Oh, D.
However, Dorinda’s many slip-ups didn’t seem to upset Luann. The new bride couldn’t stop gushing over her wedding, especially the moment when she walked down the aisle.
“All of a sudden, it hit me, ‘Oh my god, I’m actually getting married. The moment is here,’” Luann shared. “It’s all just so overwhelming. It’s just beautiful, it’s just perfect, it’s everything I imagined it to be, with a little bit more nerves than I expected.”
Luann also couldn’t help fawning over her new husband Tom. Even though a friend told Carole Radziwell that their relationship was just for show, Luann said otherwise.
PHOTOS: So Plastic! Kelly Dodd’s Shocking Surgery Makeover Exposed By Docs
“There have been so many people who were not supportive of Tom and I. So you know what I have to say to them? I’m here! I made it!” Luann said as she held her ring fingers up to the camera.
Two weeks after their Palm Beach wedding, Luann and Tom continued the matrimonial celebrations with a post-wedding party back in New York City. All of the Housewives got invited this time, despite them being excluded from the actual wedding down in Florida.
“We’re the discards. Okay, thanks,” Ramona complained. She also wasn’t impressed with the party venue. “This place we’re celebrating the after-wedding is pretty drab and dreary looking. Guess they ran out of money,” the pinot grigio loved snipped.
Bethenny Frankel, however, didn’t mind being invited to the party for the wedding rejects. “I did call her a whore a year ago, so you know what, it’s okay. This is really the station in life that I deserve to be in. The aftermath party,” the Skinny Girl mogul joked.
PHOTOS: Bermuda Triangle: The Ladies Accuse Karen Of Being A ‘Cheap’ ‘Broke’ ‘Hypocrite’
At the party, Bethenny and Ramona skillfully avoided each other after last week’s disastrous fight in the Berkshires. Sonja Morgan and Tinsley Mortimer also introduced some fresh meat to the group, their much younger boyfriends Edgar “Frenchie” and Chad, respectively.
Tom also shared with the ladies that he wasn’t interested in wearing his wedding ring at first but Luann made him wear it.
Tinsley had a feeling she knew why Luann wanted Tom to wear his ring: “I’m sorry, but if my fiancé cheated on me with another girl, he is wearing a ring.”
Are you surprised Luann went through with her wedding to Tom? Sound off in the comments below!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n