Lucy Hale Threatens to Sue Over Leaked Topless Photos/n





                    Lucy Hale Suffers a Wardrobe Malfunction
                







Oops!

 MORE >>










                    Lucy Hale Wants You to Know That She Hasn't Broken Up with Her Boyfriend
                







Everything is fine.

 MORE >>





Lucy Hale is the latest celebrity to have her private photos leaked online without her consent.

The actress threatened to sue an online pornography website after it published two topless photos of her that she had originally sent to a friend. Hale’s lawyer, Marty Singer, sent a letter to the outlet demanding the removal of the pictures, according to TMZ.
Hale’s attorney argued that the site was violating copyright laws as Hale, having taken the selfies, owns the right to the images. The photos, which showed the 27-year-old exposing her breasts and nipples while wearing a black camisole, were said to be hacked from her phone.
“Miss u. My nips out,” Hale, clearly intending to send this to a confidant, captioned one of the pictures. “I was too lay to take another pic hahahha.”


Lucy Hale and boyfriend Anthony Kalabretta Pack on the PDA








































42 Photos »


Celeb Jihad, who shared the pictures, since responded to Hale’s lawyer. In a post featuring images of Hale’s face Photoshopped onto glamour shots of a nude model, they wrote back:
Yes Lucy Hale can send all the legal threats that she wants, she will never silence us righteous Muslims from calling her out as a degenerate whore. Of course Lucy should really be on her knees thanking us for drawing attention to her leaked nudes, as we significantly increased her public profile which will no doubt lead to her getting better roles in hopelessly depraved heathen Hollywood. Although to properly thanks us Lucy would have to be able to dislocate her jaw to have any hope of accommodating our enormous tunic snakes.
Hale’s Pretty Little Liars co-star, Ashley Benson, had her nudes leaked online in 2014 as a part of a widespread hack known as “The Fappening.” The massive invasion of privacy affected more than 100 famous women, including Jennifer Lawrence, Kate Upton and Kaley Cuoco. This May, a Pennsylvania man pleaded guilty to stealing private photos and videos from the Google and Apple accounts of several female celebrities.
Last month, Game of Thrones actress Maisie Williams faced a similar situation when topless photos of her were posted on Reddit. A rep for the 19-year-old confirmed the authenticity of the images, claiming that they were stolen from Williams’ social media account.


Lucy Hale's Cutest Social Media Pictures








































25 Photos »


/n