Duggar Scam Exposed! Josh STILL Living In Home He Sold In Shady Business Deal/n
Josh Duggar sold his “dream home” to a mysterious investment company only days before his Ashley Madison scandal broke in 2015, but has the shady deal become even more suspicious? RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal that the disgraced 19 Kids and Counting star may still be living in the home!
The former reality star closed the sale with ALB Investments LLC on August 24, 2015. Family attorney Travis W. Story suspiciously set up on the corporation on same day of the deal.
The Siloam Springs, Arkansas home sold for $65,000, allowing Josh and his wife Anna to profit $10,000 from their original purchase eight months prior.
PHOTOS: Parents, Police, Church Fail Victims: How Josh Duggar Got Away With His Sick Crimes In 10 Clicks
The shady deal came only two days before porn star Danica Dillon accused him of giving her PTSD from an alleged violent sexual encounter.
But has the couple been living in the home this entire time?
On the Duggar Family Facebook page, Josh, Anna and their four children congratulate Jill and Derick Dillard on the birth of their son Samuel.
PHOTOS: Sorry Uncle Sam! Josh & Anna Duggar Buy New Home Despite Owing Back Taxes — Take A Tour
In the video, the same hardwood floors and layout of the room could be seen compared to a 2015 photo of the home.

In November 2015, Danica filed a civil lawsuit against Josh, claiming he became violent with her on two occasions during sex, which he paid for. She says she felt as if she were “being raped” by him.
She asked for over $500,000 in damages at the time of the filing, but dropped the suit in February 2016.
Then in August 2016, Los Angeles-based DJ Matthew McCarthy, whose photos Josh used on his Ashley Madison profile, sued the former reality star. He claimed his image resulted in the loss of work, as well as harassment. He is seeking undisclosed damages.
It is possible Josh transferred the home instead of actually selling it to protect himself from creditors, like McCarthy. The house is currently estimated at $213,467 on Zillow.

Josh spent six months in addiction rehab in 2015 after the Ashley Madison affair broke.
He has also been involved in a sick sex scandal, as he molested five minor females in his home. Sisters Jill and Jessa Seewald were the only ones to come forward.
Jill and Jessa, as well as sisters Jinger Vuolo and Joy Duggar, recently filed a lawsuit against the Springdale, Arkansas police department over the leaked 2006 police report.
Do you think they’re still living in the home? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n