J.Lo To A-Rod: It's Baby Time!/n
Former “Fly Girl” Jennifer Lopez is swinging for a trip to the maternity ward at 47 with her baseball beau Alex Rodriguez, RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned.
“J.Lo’s so in love with A-Rod that she’s committed to having a baby with him!” said a source close to the former American Idol judge. “She knows there’s a risk, but she’s willing to take it with him!”
The high-profile couple has been snuggling up a storm since the former New York Yankees superstar — whose rep has been tarnished by steroid abuse and an extramarital affair with Madonna — benched his latest squeeze, Silicon Valley CEO Anne Wojcicki, in February.
PHOTOS: Khloe From The Block! Khloe Kardashian Is ‘Obsessed’ With Jennifer Lopez — 8 Photos Show How She’s Stolen Her Style
“Alex is one of the few guys in the world that can make Jenny feel starstruck,” spilled an insider. “She’s a huge Yankees fan! She’s from the Bronx, after all — and she considers him a legend!”
“Jenny from the Block” introduced the former All-Star, 41, to her 9-year-old twins, Max and Emme, “shortly after they started dating,” one insider told Radar. Alex even got a thumbs-up from their father, her ex-husband Marc Anthony, too.
“Marc is thrilled to see Jen with a true family man,” a source dished. “He was always worried about the younger guys she dated, like Drake and Casper Smart.”
PHOTOS: Look Out, Kim! Jennifer Lopez Bares Her Famous Booty In See-Through Leggings
Now the three-times-divorced Latin bombshell is telling everyone in her inner circle she’s ready to add to their bench — if A-Rod is the coach, and plays only for HER team.
“Jenny knows Alex hasn’t been a great husband or faithful boyfriend in the past,” the snitch revealed. “She’s given him a few months to prove he’s committed to her, and even put a private eye on him to make sure he passed the test. He has … so far.”
Do you think J.Lo and A-Rod will make it? Let us know in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n