2012 SAG Awards: Best, Worst & Wackiest Dressed Stars/n
By Leah Ornstein – Radar Style & Beauty Editor
It was a fashion packed night at the Shrine Auditorium as Hollywood’s  hottest movie and television stars hit the red carpet of the 2012 Screen Actors Guild Awards dressed in designer gowns, uber-expensive bling, the hottest heels and  the most covetable clutches — but not everyone was dressed to impress! 
 RadarOnline.com has sorted through all of the red carpet style  and picked out the best, worst & wackiest dressed stars of the night  in a special photo feature.
 PHOTOS: The Best, Worst & Wackiest Dressed Stars Of The 2012 SAG Awards
 It was a stellar night of style as all our favorite bombshells dazzled in fab fashion!
 Angelina Jolie reigned the red carpet like the queen that she is! Brad‘s  leading lady showed off her collection of body art and her much-talked  about bod in a dark and dangerous Jenny Packham halter gown paired with  House of Lavande and Platt Boutique jewels, Gucci heels and a Louis  Vuitton bag.
PHOTOS: The Best, Worst & Wackiest Of The Week
The best-dressed cast of the night was without a doubt The Help! While Emma Stone looked 1950s fab in an Alexander McQueen tea length dress and Tiffany  & Co. bling, Jessica Chastain wore a bold, blue Calvin Klein bustier  gown, Viola Davis looked marvelous in a white and gold embroidered Marchesa strapless  stunner and Octavia Spencer rocked a divinely draped Tadashi Shoji  number.  Vibrant color was also a big trend of the night, with Michelle Williams ravishing in a red Valentino gown, Sofia Vegara working her curves in a powerfully purple Marchesa gown that showed  off her famous fanny and busty top half to perfection, and Kyra Sedgwick wearing a seriously cutout and bright red Pucci dress, with 19th  century gold pendant earrings and a 19th century gold and rose-cut diamond snake bracelet from Fred Leighton.  PHOTOS: The Best, Worst & Wackiest SAG Fashions Over The Years
Ashlee Simpson was a beautiful plus one for her Boardwalk Empire beau Vincent Piazza, changing up her look in a dark and dangerous Jenny Packham gown that she accessorized with loads of Lori Rodkin jewels.
PHOTOS: The Best & Worst Fashions Of The 2010 SAG Awards
As  for the biggest misses a la mode, It Girl of comedy Kristen Wiig failed  to hit the high note wearing a sleek and sexy Balenciaga gown with an  awkward black diamond choker, and Amber Riley was a bust, showing off  her enormous assets in a bowed cocktail dress.
For the rest of the best, worst & wackiest dressed stars of the 2012 SAG Awards, click here.
RELATED STORIES:
PHOTOS: A-Listers Before They Were Stars
PHOTOS: Stars Who Look Like Other Stars 
PHOTOS: Hollywood’s Power Couples
PHOTOS: Model Wives /n