Blowing His Bambino Bling! 'Desperate' Charlie Sheen Selling Beloved Babe Ruth Ring/n
As RadarOnline.com told you first, Charlie Sheen is so strapped for cash after blowing away all his millions that he’s resorted to pawning off his most prized baseball memorabilia possessions, including Babe Ruth’s ring and contract. Although worth well over a whopping $2 million, bidding for the baseball legends’ 1927 World Series ring is only up to $500,000, and the former Two and a Half Men star is so desperate that he doesn’t even seem to care about the low-ball offers.
“I’ve enjoyed these incredible items for more than two decades and the time has come,” Sheen told ESPN of the goods, which are up for auction on Lelands.com . “Whatever price it brings is gravy.”
PHOTOS: See All Of Charlie Sheen’s Porn Star Girlfriends
Sheen also put up for bid Ruth’s contract that sent the famous athlete from the Boston Red Sox to the New York Yankees in 1919.
As Radar previously reported, Sheen has been a noted collector of baseball memorabilia for decades, however, the disgraced star has sold most of his collection. But the one thing he always kept was Ruth’s 1927 World Series ring.
“The Bambino’s ring meant the world to Charlie,” an insider told Radar. “He’s showed it off to all his pals, including a lot of Major League Baseball players! He swore he would never sell it off, no matter how broke he got!”
PHOTOS: Drugs, Guns & Hookers — 23 Epic Sheen Scandals Before Charlie’s HIV Diagnosis
As Radar readers know, Sheen’s life spiraled out of control after reports of alcohol and drug abuse, marital problems, bizarre public statements, and work meltdowns. CBS and Warner Bros. terminated his Two and a Half Men contract in 2011. But worse was to come as in 2015, Radar broke the shocking news of Sheen’s HIV-positive status.
Once the highest paid actor on TV, the former actor reduced to making appearances with other has-beens at the Wizard World fan shows, as Radar previously reported. “It’s a case of how the mighty have fallen,” a source told us last month. “Charlie is so down on his luck and flat broke that is has lowered himself to making appearances with other also-rans of TV fame at the Wizard World shows which fans attend to get celebrity autographs.”
PHOTOS: Inside Charlie Sheen’s Raging Lifestyle & Bizarre Antics
After having made an incredible $1.8 million dollars a week for Two and a Half Men, the insider tells us the star now “sits on a stage and signs autographs and earns about $25,000 for each appearance.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n