Doris Day's Untold Story: Her Amazing Life At 92!/n
Those are the words that sum up beloved Hollywood legend Doris Day‘s life at 92 — as relayed to her fans by one of her closest confidantes.
That source is opening up to RadarOnline.com about Doris’ health after an investigation published in our Jan. 23 issue.
The previous story, based on insiders close to Doris, reported on the 92-year-old star’s life ­today in Carmel-by-the-Sea, Calif.
But after the article was published, word reached us that Doris herself — the top female box-office star of all time — was anxious to set the record straight.
PHOTOS: Jules Wainstein Busted Drinking After Ex Accuses Her Of Substance Abuse Issues
The talented singer/actress — famed for her Oscar-winning signature song, “Que Sera, Sera,” and devotion to animals — wanted to assure fans she was still vital and feeling fine.
We are giving Doris that ­opportunity, courtesty of a trusted member of her inner circle.
“Ms. Day appreciates the fairness of Radar in publishing [these words] on her behalf,” says the insider. “She has also asked me to extend her best wishes to her many fans who have expressed concern over her well-being. She is fine.”
Shortly after turning 92 last April, Doris said in a rare interview, “You have to stay positive. Whatever will happen, will happen.
“I’m lucky. I’ve been blessed with good health. It’s important to stay active. I like to walk with my doggies.”
PHOTOS: George Michael’s Secret Love REVEALED 
But her confidante explained how the lingering effects of a devastating injury Doris sustained years ago still affect her.
Doris suffered that injury ­after winning $500 in a local talent contest at the age of 14 for a dance act with a male partner.
The two were preparing to leave Doris’ hometown of Cincinnati, Ohio, to pursue a ­career in Hollywood when a train slammed into a car she was riding in.
Doris’ right leg was badly injured in the accident, dashing her dream of a dancing career.
“Ms. Day, like a lot of folks in their 90s, requires walking assistance,” the insider tells Radar.
PHOTOS: George Michael Spotted For The Last Time Before His Shocking Death
“It is not surprising that this accident has affected her ­mobility decades later, which is still good.”
After the ­accident, Doris started singing lessons, and at 17, she began touring with the Les Brown band — leading to “Sentimental ­Journey,” the 1945 ­breakout hit song that launched her career.
Today, the blue-eyed beauty still boasts vision that her movie character Calamity Jane would envy, adds the source.
“Ms. Day’s eyesight is remarkable. She doesn’t even wear reading glasses when reading the newspaper,” the source tells Radar.
“Further, she does not suffer from kidney disease.”
PHOTOS: George Michael’s Secret Love REVEALED 
What’s more, many of Doris’ most loyal advisers and employees — who have worked for her for 20-plus years — remain staunchly by her side, adds the source.
The same goes for her many rescue pets, says the source, that have benefited from her Doris Day Animal Foundation, and the “good work it does for animal welfare.”
Doris founded that organization in 1978, and in 2004 she was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom by President George W. Bush for both her achievements in the entertainment industry, and for her work on behalf of animals.
She also received a Grammy Award for Lifetime Achievement in 2008, and has three Grammy Hall of Fame Awards.
She earned an Oscar nod for the 1959 rom-com, “Pillow Talk,” and in 1989, she received the Cecil B. DeMille Award for lifetime achievement in motion pictures.
Today, Doris remains devoted to the memories of the men she loved and lost — including her ­”Pillow Talk” co-star, Rock Hudson, and her late son, Terry Melcher.
She now lives quietly in Carmel after selling the Beverly Hills mansion she once shared with late hubby-manager Marty Melcher.
“That home was occupied by Doris’ son, Terry, at the time of his death in 2004,” says the source.
“By then, Ms. Day permanently resided in Carmel, and there was no ­reason for her to retain that home after Terry passed.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n