Billy Bush Was Crying When Shocking Tape with Donald Trump Surfaced, Says Source /n





                    WATCH: Scott Baio Defends Donald Trump Amid Lewd Comments Controversy
                







Scott Baio, who has been a Donald Trump supporter from the start, came to...

 MORE >>





After a video surfaced from 2005 showing Billy Bush and now-Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump openly objectifying women and even making light of sexual assault, the TV personality’s career has fallen into turmoil. Earlier today (Oct. 10, 2016), Bush’s hosting job at the Today show was suspended indefinitely, and now reports are surfacing of how he is managing the crisis.

“Billy was devastated and crying when the leaked tape of him with Donald Trump in 2005 was first leaked to The Washington Post,” a source told Us Weekly. “He was crying that his career was over.”
The insider added that the Access Hollywood clip was dug up after other stories have been printed in recent days exploring Trump’s offense behavior with co-workers.


Katy Perry Performs at the 2016 Democratic National Convention








































8 Photos »


“It got out after the AP story about Donald talking about women on the Apprentice set came out last week. Everyone at Access Hollywood was talking about it and how to cover it,” the source said. “One of the producers remembered the 2005 tape and the Access tape librarian went through the archives to find the tape.”
Directly after the aforementioned video surfaced on Friday (Oct. 7, 2016), Bush released a short statement:
“Obviously I’m embarrassed and ashamed. It’s no excuse, but this happened 11 years ago — I was younger, less mature and acted foolishly in playing along. I’m very sorry.”
Today, Bush was spotted with his daughter Josie in Encino, CA getting lunch shortly after news broke that his hosting job had been suspended. Check out their outing in the gallery above.


Celebs Who Aren't Afraid to Bash Donald Trump








































12 Photos »


/n