Winter Movies 2015: 15 Movies to See in December/n





                    Fall Movies 2015
                







20 Movies to See in November	

 MORE >>





And now, the best movies to see with your friends and family during the winter holiday!

Oh boy, are there some fantastic films coming out in the month of December. From the long-awaited Star Wars flick to Jennifer Lawrence’s next masterpiece Joy, not to mention our favorite comedy duo Tina Fey and Amy Poehler’s latest project Sisters, your winter break is about to be that much better with the excellent crop of blockbusters hitting the theaters throughout the month.


'Star Wars: The Force Awakens' First Look: 'Vanity Fair' Portraits	








































6 Photos »


Check out the best 15 movies to see in December below:
Alas, Episode VII is finally here. Star Wars: The Force Awakens comes out Dec. 18th, to much fanfare and excitement. J.J. Abrams is directing the first movie in the Star Wars sequel trilogy, with new leads Finn (John Boyega), Rey (Daisey Ridley), and Poe Dameron (Oscar Isaac) starring alongside the beloved film’s original characters (like Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher).





Lawrence reunites with Bradley Cooper, Robert DeNiro and director David O. Russell in Joy, out on Christmas Day (Dec. 25th), a biographical comedy-drama about Joy Mangano, the inventor of the “Miracle Mop” empire and a single mother of three children.





Macbeth (Dec. 4) stars Michael Fassbender as the titular character and Marion Cotillard as Lady Macbeth in this intense rendition of Shakespeare’s tragic play (c. 1599 – 1606). Rotten Tomatoes rates it an 87% ad Variety surmised, “…Fearsomely visceral and impeccably performed, it’s a brisk, bracing update, even as it remains exquisitely in period. Though the Bard’s words are handled with care by an ideal ensemble, fronted by Michael Fassbender and a boldly cast Marion Cotillard, it’s the Australian helmer [Justin Kurzel]’s fervid sensory storytelling that makes this a Shakespeare pic for the ages — albeit one surely too savage for the classroom.”





In Sisters (Dec. 18), our favorite BFF’s Fey and Poehler link up to play two very different sisters who throw one last hurrah party in their childhood home, which their parents are about to sell.





Snowden (Dec. 25) stars Joseph Gordon-Levitt as Edward Snowden, the CIA employee who leaked thousands of classified documents to the press in 213.





It wouldn’t be December without at least one epic movie. Chris Hemsworth’s In the Heart of the Sea (Dec. 11) is based on Nathaniel Philbrick’s 2000 non-fiction book of the same name, which tells the story of the American whaling ship Essex in 1820. The story of Essex served as inspiration for Herman Melville’s infamous tale Moby-Dick.





Robert Pattinson fans, rejoice. The actor is back in a new movie, starring as Life magazine photographer Dennis Stock in Life (Dec. 4), which is based on the friendship of Stock and Hollywood actor James Dean, played by Dane DeHaan.





The Hateful Eight (Dec. 25) had a bit of a rocky start, with Quentin Tarantino’s script leaking in January 2014. He decided to cancel the movie and publish the script as a novel instead, but after directing a live read of the script he changed his mind, and here we are. Starring Samuel L. Jackson, Jennifer Jason Leigh, Kurt Russell, and many more, the movie tells the story of eight strangers seeking refuge in a stagecoach stopover on a mountain pass. In Tarantino fashion, they’re in the midst of a blizzard.





Calling all football fans! Concussion (Dec. 25) sports drama starring Will Smith is sure to expose the damaging, ugly truth about the sport due to the head trauma dangers football players face. Smith plays forensic pathologist Dr. Bennet Omalu, a doctor who goes up against the National Football League when he discovers a neurological deterioration similar to Alzheimer’s disease.





Chi-Raq (Dec. 4), directed by Spike Lee, takes on Chicago violence in this cinematic retelling of the Aristophanes’ classical Greek comedy, Lysistrata. Starring Teyonah Parris and Nick Cannon.





Extreme sports. Big waves. Spies. Inspired by Kathryn Bigelow’s cult classic 1991 movie of the same name (originally starring Keanu Reeves and Patrick Swayze), Point Break (Dec. 25) is sure to be an action-packed, exciting thriller complete with the works.





The Big Short (Dec. 23) stars many good looking white men (Brad Pitt, Ryan Gosling, Steve Carrell, Christian Bale, Finn Wittrock, Max Greenfeld…), Marisa Tomei and more. Based upon the 2010 book of the same name by Michael Lewis, The Big Short chronicles the financial crisis of 2007–2010, which was a result of the build-up of the housing and credit bubble.





Daddy’s Home (Dec. 25) seems like a bro-tastic comedy starring, who else, bro Mark Wahlberg and funny guy Will Ferrell. Ferrell plays the doting stepdad trying to win the affections of his wife’s kids, which becomes complicated with the ex-husband, Wahlberg, arrives in town.





In the Italian comedy-drama Youth (Dec. 4), two best friends (a retired orchestra conductor and a film direction played by Michael Caine and Harvey Keitel) are on holiday in the Alps when Fred, the retired classical musical composer, receives an invitation from Queen Elizabeth II to perform for Prince Philip’s birthday. Also starring Rachel Weisz, Paul Dano, and Jane Fonda.





Could this finally be Leonardo DiCaprio’s year to win at the Oscars? Let us all hope. DiCaprio stars The Revenant (Dec. 25), the movie in which he was not “raped by a bear.” It is, however, an American biographical epic western adventure (because duh, it’s a DiCaprio movie), directed by Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu (who won the Academy Award for Best Directing, Best Original Screenplay, and Best Picture for Birdman in 2015) and based upon Michael Punke’s 2002 novel of the same name. Also starring the crazy hot Tom Hardy, Will Poulter, and Domhnall Gleeson.





 
/n