Photo of Bobbi Kristina Brown on Her Deathbed Sold to Tabloid for $100,000/n





                    Bobbi Kristina Brown Preliminary Autopsy Results Show No Foul Play
                







Details here.

 MORE >>





And today in upsetting news: a photo of Bobbi Kristina Brown on her deathbed has reportedly been sold to a tabloid for a huge sum of money.

$100,000 to be exact, as reported by TMZ. However, who took the photo and who bought it has not yet been revealed.
According to TMZ, the photo of Bobby Brown and the late Whitney Houston’s 22-year-old daughter lying in her casket was snapped during the viewing on Friday, a day before her funeral at Saint James United Methodist Church in Alpharetta, Georgia.


Whitney Houston's Career Defining Moments 








































9 Photos »


Both sides of the family (the Brown’s and the Houston’s) are blaming each other for the photo, which wasn’t supposed to happen but did in spite of the security measures.
As reported over the weekend, her funeral on Saturday (August 1, 2015) was a family drama-filled affair, with aunt Leolah Brown raging against Bobbi Kristina’s aunt Pat Houston (Whitney’s sister-in-law and former manager), ultimately resulting in her being escorted out of the church by Tyler Perry and security.
Pat and her father Bobby were her co-legal guardians.
Outside of the Church, Brown threatened to paparazzi, “Whitney [Houston] will rise from the grave to haunt her…It is not over. It has just begun.” Leolah previously wrote a scathing post about Pat, and was angry with her for soliciting money from fans for her charity in lieu of flowers.
If what Leolah says is true, then the feud between the Browns and the Houston has just begun.


Cissy Houston Reveals All About Whitney Houston in New Book 








































10 Photos »


Last month it was reported that the Brown family was banned from visiting Bobbi Kristina in her Atlanta hospice center after an extended family member took a photo of her there, and was shopping it around to different agencies.
Similarly, a photo of Whitney in her casket was published by the National Enquirer in 2012.
RIP. Let Bobby Kristina Brown rest in peace. Selling photos of her for money is a new low in humanity.
[TMZ, GossipCop]

/n