Beyoncé, Hilary Duff and More Celebrity Texans Send Love to Houston Amid Hurricane Harvey With its torrential rain and devastating flooding, Hurricane Harvey has ripped through southern Texas, killing at least eight and creating complete des.../n
With its torrential rain and devastating flooding, Hurricane Harvey has ripped through southern Texas, killing at least eight and creating complete destruction in its wake. Unfortunately for the people of Texas, the storm (and subsequent catastrophic flooding) is expected to continue on for several more days.Last night during the 2017 MTV's Video Music Awards, host Katy Perry urged viewers to donate to the Red Cross, explaining, "We're praying for your safety in the days to come and stay with you as you rebuild, because we're all in this together."Many celebrities who were born, bred or lived/live in Texas have taken to social media to send love, prayers and even dollars to relief efforts, which the Federal Emergency Management Agency claims may take "a couple of years."From NFL player JJ Watt's big plea for big money to Beyoncés prayers and Hilary Duff's dismay at what's happening in her hometown, see what celebrity Texans are saying to help out...

Duff, who is from Houston, posted an image of her home city asking for prayers. The Younger star also wrote, "This is beyond devastating. Truly heartbroken for my home town. #staystrong #deepintheheart."

Houston Texans' defensive end JJ Watt has taken to Twitter to create a fundraiser for recovery efforts, which has raised over $600K in less than 24 hours. The NFL star posted a minute-long video of himself asking for help, along with the caption, "Recovery efforts from Hurricane Harvey will be massive. We must come together to help rebuild our communities."

Randy Quaid wrote, "Was born in Harris county TX, know it!If you need help, in danger, will RT your address and location. #Harvey2017 #HarrisCounty #emergency."

Miranda Lambert, who was born in Longview, Texas and raised in Lindale, Texas, posted an image celebrating her home state with the caption, "Prayers, light and love for Texas! #home #hurricaneharvey."

The Houston Texans official Twitter tweeted that the team's owner Bob McNair would be giving $1 million to relief. The post read, "Mr. McNair and the #Texans are pledging $1 million dollars to the United Way of Greater Houston Flood Relief Fund. #HoustonStrong

Eva Longoria, who is from the Lone Star State and went to Texas A&M University-Kingsville wrote, "God Bless all the Texans affected by Hurricane Harvey and prayers to my hometown of Corpus Christi, Texas."

Golden State Warriors star Stephen Curry wrote, "Prayers up for Houston! Many fam and friends living there. Don't really know what to say in times like these but hope we can help somehow!"

To donate to the Red Cross' Hurricane Harvey relief fund, click here.
/n