French Fitness Model Killed By Exploding Whipped Cream Dispenser/n
A famous French fitness blogger and model has been pronounced dead an incident involving an exploding whipped cream dispenser, RadarOnline.com can report.
Rebecca Burger suffered an unexpected death after the dispenser exploded on her chest, causing her to go into cardiac arrest.
French media reported she died soon after, despite medical attention.
Her family spoke out via Facebook, calling the bizarre tragedy a “domestic accident”.
Know for her fitness and travel posts, Burger was a well-known figure in France, with an estimated 55,000 Facebook fans and 154,000 followers on Instagram.
PHOTOS: Grandma Of Slain Delphi Girl Pens Disturbing Letter Four Months After Double Homicide
Loved ones posted on the lifestyle blogger’s Instagram, warning fans against the faulty dispensers and sharing that one of the “defective devices” actually “exploded and struck Rebecca’s chest, causing her death.”
The dispensers are still being sold – for now.
Sadly, this is not the first time a freak accident was caused by whipped cream dispensers.
Near-fatal disasters date back to 2010.
“I had six broken ribs, and my sternum was broken,” a victim told RTL Radio in 2013. “At the hospital, I was told that if the shock and blast had been facing the heart, I would be dead now.”
Customers have previously been warned about the dispensers, as they function by injecting gas into a metal container, keeping the entire dispenser under high pressure.
PHOTOS: Teen Text Killer Trial: Dead Boy’s Girlfriend Admits, ‘I Heard Him Dying’
According to BBC, one French consumer group has cautioned readers for years about faulty connectors on the said gas capsules, which can cause them to break and eject at high speed.
Past injuries caused by the devices include: broken teeth, multiple fractures and, even the loss of an eye, consumer magazine 60 Millions said. However, dispensers remade in 2015 appear to be safe.
The government of France has warned consumers that such accidents can occur at any time – even after years of use.
One manufacturer finally issued a product recall after the accusations, but a year after that recall, only 25,000 were returned out of the 160,000 sold, according to reports by Le Parisien.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n