7 Things You Didn’t Know About Amanda Lepore – Kanye West’s Reported Hook-Up/n
Amanda Lepore reportedly had a fling with Kim Kardashian’s husband Kanye West.
The story is buzzing around the Internet after the colorful transgender performer and model, Lepore, unleashed a memoir called Doll Parts in which she revealed she dated a rapper who later married a woman ‘shaped like her’.
So, here are 7 things you did not know about Lepore;
PHOTOS: Where’s Kanye? ‘Unhappy’ Kim Hits NYC Without West
1. Amanda was born Armand Lepore back in 1967 and was raised in Essex County, Cedar Grove, New Jersey. Her father was a chemical engineer and her mother, a housewife, suffered from schizophrenia and spent a lot of time in mental institutions.
2. Aged only, 17, Lepore married a male bookstore owner – she was granted permission for sex reassignment surgery when she was aged 19 in Yonkers, New York.
3. After leaving her husband in 1989 she moved to New York where she earned a living doing a variety of jobs including working in a nail salon, a dominatrix and a make-up sales girl.
PHOTOS: Kim Kardashian Finally Admits Why She Really Married Kanye West
4. In the early 90’s she tried to establish herself as a nightlife figure including as a member of the band Club Kids – her big break came after meeting photographer David LaChapelle.
5. In an interview with Tyra Banks the transgender entertainer admitted to having had several plastic surgeries on her face including eyes, nose, lips and getting butt and breast implants too.
6. She has had cameo appearances in the movies Party Monster and Zoolander while also appearing in music videos for Elton John and Grace Jones.
PHOTOS: Kim Kardashian And Kanye West Attend Super Bowl Party Together Amid Divorce Rumors
7. Standing at only 5ft 2 inches tall the diminutive figure has raised thousands for AIDS charities through sales of her ‘Amanda Lepore’ doll produced by Jason Wu and manufactured by Integrity Toys.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n