Hume-Wrecker? Megyn Kelly FINALLY Tells All About Brit Hume Affair Rumors/n
Ten years after rumors of a Megyn Kelly and Brit Hume affair surfaced, the blonde Fox News bombshell is finally revealing what REALLY happened in her new book, RadarOnline.com has learned.
Radar was first to report on the rumors that she was having an extramarital affair with Brit Hume, the network’s managing editor in Washington, back in 2006.
Megyn writes in her bombshell new memoir, Settle For More, that she was in the process of divorcing her first husband, anesthesiologist Dan Kendall at the time.
She insists there was never “a single inappropriate or even borderline moment, ever” between her and Hume, adding: “I hated that people might think I was getting ahead by sleeping my way to the top.”
PHOTOS: Truth Exposed! 15 Most Shocking Revelations From Parts 1 & 2 of Duggar Interviews With Megyn Kelly — Josh Duggar A “Sly” Predator
Radar eventually traced the gossip to a disgruntled former Fox publicist, who had anonymously edited Megyn’s Wikipedia entry to claim, “There are many rumors that Kendall has a very ‘special’ relationship with managing editor Brit Hume, the reason for her plum assignments at Fox News.”
As Radar reported at the time, there was no evidence to suggest that the whispers were true. Of the half-dozen sources who relayed the allegation to Radar, none could claim first-hand knowledge, and several Fox insiders said they believed it to be false.
Hume – who is 30 years older than blonde bombshell Kelly – loved following the story on Radar, though, she writes: “Brit was strutting around the office, proud as a peacock! He was handing out the Radar link like cigars at the birth of a baby.”
PHOTOS: Top 10 Moments From Megyn Kelly’s Explosive Donald Trump Interview
As Radar has reported, Kelly pulls no punches in the explosive book, revealing bombshell details about her relationships with alleged sex perv Roger Ailes and her public frenemy, Donald Trump.
For more details from the book, out November 15, stay with Radar!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n