Twitter Weighs In On Republican Greg Gianforte's Win In Montana Following His 'Body-Slamming' Controversy — While He Gives A Weak Apology/n

Another villainous politician is heading to D.C.
On Thursday, Greg Gianforte won the special election for Montana's open U.S. House seat. This update is obviously shocking since the victorious Republican candidate just made headlines for "body-slamming" a reporter named Ben Jacobs. Greg was even cited for misdemeanor assault for his violent interaction with Ben.
Video: Trump Shoves The Prime Minister Of Montenegro
Smh. In an attempt to squash the scandal, Mr. Gianforte apologized for his actions during his victory speech. The controversial public servant stated:
"When you make a mistake, you have to own up to it, that's the Montana way. Last night I made a mistake and I took an action that I can't take back and I'm not proud of what happened. I should not have responded in the way that I did, and for that I am sorry."
Ironically, this apology directly contradicts the statement he made on the controversy while the polls were still open. Ugh.
It's said Greg's supporters shouted "you're forgiven" at the new Congressman after his speech. Nonetheless, those following the election were not as kind on Twitter. See the best reactions to Gianforte's win (below)! 

2016: get recorded bragging about assault, win.
2017: getting recorded committing assault, win.
— David Mack (@davidmackau) May 26, 2017

Greg Gianforte apologizes for the thing he and his supporters previously claimed he didn't do. pic.twitter.com/DuiGJZCP8f
— Keith Boykin (@keithboykin) May 26, 2017


Greg Gianforte would have won #montanaspecialelection by a higher margin had he bodyslammed Wolf Blitzer and Anderson Cooper simultaneously
— Doug Ross 🔵 (@directorblue) May 26, 2017


@mmpadellan Special privileges. Greg Gianforte should be locked up right now. Justice is truly not blind to rich and white
— James Bryant (@JamesBr94949690) May 26, 2017


Wow, Montana! You are REALLY into bullies who throw temper tantrums! #greggianforte
— Devan Lee Norsworthy (@DevanLee44) May 26, 2017


Shame that Greg Gianforte won! Go take anger management classes! Good luck constituents & reporters I hope y'all know mixed martial arts! https://t.co/y69kk3bEbP
— Kevin Lopez (@I_amKevin_) May 26, 2017


Repost in honor of alleged criminal Greg Gianforte's election. If he were an immigrant he'd face deportation; now he sets immigration policy https://t.co/vN8QdEU04S
— Preet Bharara (@PreetBharara) May 26, 2017
Well said, everyone! Hopefully, Mr. Gianforte can keeps his hands to himself while on The Hill…
[Image via Twitter.]
/n