Miranda Lambert: I Don't Want to Catch on Fire at the CMAs/n
It is two days before the 45th annual CMA Awards, and reigning Female Vocalist of the Year Miranda Lambert still hasn’t chosen what to wear on stage to perform live.   
“Whatever it is,” she told PEOPLE with a laugh, “it probably shouldn’t be something flammable!”  
“Baggage Claim,” the first single off her new album Four The Record, may be a scorching kiss-off to a no-good man, but it was the on-stage pyrotechnics that had the Nashville Fire Department concerned during Monday’s rehearsals at Nashville’s Bridgestone Arena.   
After a couple of run-throughs, an announcement came from the production staff: “All right everybody, this time we’re going to fire up the propane.” Moments later, as Lambert ripped through the chorus, a wall of flames shot up behind her and the band.   
“We need to watch the hair spray!” she warned. 
RELATED: Eight Is Enough? Miranda Lambert Takes in a Stray Dog on Halloween Eve
The day after Wednesday night’s show (8 p.m. ET on ABC), the singer will enjoy another fired-up celebration, lighting 28 candles on her birthday cake. Last year, her birthday fell on show night and she was gifted with four trophies. This year, she is hoping for something a little smaller – and sparkly.   
“Some diamond earrings from Blake [Shelton] would be nice,” she said with a smile.  
After the CMAs, Lambert is looking forward to time off the road at home with her husband, a rarity since they were married last May in Texas.   
“I think the longest time we’ve spent at home together since the wedding is about five days,” she said. “It’s been an amazing year, but we’re looking forward to the holidays to reflect on it all with our families.”  
Shelton will open the CMAs performing his rendition of “Footloose” with the song’s originator, Kenny Loggins. Co-hosts Carrie Underwood and Brad Paisley will sing their duet “Remind Me,” and Faith Hill will make her first CMA performance since 2006, singing her power ballad “Come Home.”  
/n