Denise Richards Tells DCFS -- Brooke's Screwing Up Bob and Max ... They Torture Dogs and People/nDenise Richards has informed the L.A. County Dept. of Children and Family Services she will NO LONGER care for the twins of Charlie Sheen and Brooke Mueller ... TMZ has learned.Sources connected with DCFS tell TMZ ... Denise wrote a letter to the agency, saying the kids are violent and out of control, and she says it's ALL Brooke's fault.DCFS sources say the letter details horrifying conduct.  Denise says Bob and Max often go into a  "zombie-like state " -- they repeatedly kick her dogs in the head and squeeze their heads with both hands while watching the dogs whimper in pain.  She also says the kids will flip from sweetly petting the dog to strangling the animals and lifting them off the ground by the neck.According to the letter, Denise would tell the kids they were hurting the dogs, and Bob and Max would reply that they wanted to hurt and kill the dogs.According to the letter, the violence is not limited to animals.  Denise says her daughters -- Sam, Lola and Eloise -- have been targets of the boys.  She says her daughters have been strangled, kicked in the head and stomach, scratched, bit, slapped, punched in the face and head, and spit on by Bob and Max.  Denise describes one incident which she seems to blame on Brooke -- after visiting Mueller, Bob threw a toy at Sam's face and she had to go to the doctor.Denise says Bob and Max went to school in September and they have been problematic from the get-go.  She says Bob in particular has harmed other kids and punched and slapped teachers in the face.  Denise says the kids have also thrown their own feces into the bathroom of one of her daughters.In the letter, Denise connects the bad conduct to the time the kids spend at Brooke's home, claiming they act out violently when they are returned to Denise.  She also says the kids have had horrible nightmares after returning from Brooke's home, where the kids would stay up with her til 4 AM.In the long letter to DCFS, Denise -- who has temporary guardianship of the boys while Brooke deals with her drug problems -- says pediatricians have advised her to seek psychological counseling for the boys, but Brooke has blocked that effort./n