Prince William and Prince Harry Open Up to Kate Middleton About Princess Diana’s Death/n





                    Prince William Grows Teary-Eyed After Recreating Princess Diana's Iconic Taj Mahal Photo
                







:'(

 MORE >>










                    This Prince Harry Interview About Princess Diana Will Make You Cry
                







"All I want to do is make my mother incredibly proud."

 MORE >>





For the first time captured on film, Prince William and Prince Harry sat down with Kate Middleton to talk about losing their mother, Princess Diana.

In a candid conversation documented to raise awareness about mental health, the trio spoke openly about the death of the royal matriarch. When the subject of losing a parent was brought up, Kate praised her husband and brother-in-law for the strength they showed as children during such a traumatic time.
“Considering everything that you boys, obviously, sadly went through, the trauma that you experienced,” the Duchess of Cambridge said. “I do think it’s incredible how strong and how you’ve been and how you’ve been able to cope. I put that down to your really early years and childhood experience [and] also the relationship you’ve got. You’re amazingly close.”
“We have been brought closer as a result of the circumstances as well,” William, who was just 15 when his mother died, explained. “You are uniquely bonded because of what we’ve been through. Even Harry and I though, over the years, have not talked enough about our mother.”


Prince Charles and Princess Diana Introduce Prince William


































5 Photos »


“No, never enough,” Harry quipped. “I always thought to myself, ‘What’s the point of bringing up the past? What’s the point of bringing up something that’s only going to make you sad? It ain’t going to change it. It ain’t going to bring her back.’ And when you start thinking like that, it can be really damaging.”
In the same sit-down, Harry expressed hopes that by speaking publicly about his mother’s death, it inspires other children who’ve lost a loved one to seek help. “Both [William and I] have always been open to each other, saying we’ve never really talked about it—we’ve never really talked about losing a mum at such a young age,” he said. “When you speak to other people’s families and little kids and stuff, you think, ‘Wow! I don’t want them to go through the same thing.'”

Watch The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Harry in conversation on mental health for @heads_together #oktosay pic.twitter.com/417gqyqzk0
— Kensington Palace (@KensingtonRoyal) April 21, 2017

Recently, Harry revealed he had started seeing a therapist as a way to deal with his emotional struggles stemming from his mom’s passing.
“I can safely say that losing my mom at the age of 12 and therefore shutting down all of my emotions for the last 20 years has had quite a serious effect on not only my personal life but also my work as well,” he told the Telegraph. “I have probably been very close to a complete breakdown on numerous occasions when all sorts of grief and sort of lies and misconceptions and everything are coming to you from every angle.”
He added, “The experience I have had is that once you start talking about it, you realise that actually you’re part of quite a big club.”


Princess Diana's Best moments with Prince William and Prince Harry








































13 Photos »


/n