 Abby Lee Miller’s House Of Horrors Caught On Camera – See The Disturbing Footage!.../n
Abby Lee Miller refuses to take blame for her mistakes! The former Dance Moms star ripped her landscaper for the code violation on her Davenport, Florida home in a shocking video of her house of horrors.
As Radar exclusively reported, Miller, 50, was hit with a code violation when neighbors complained about the unsanitary conditions of her pool.
“I’m in my backyard here and we are doing all this work,” she said in an Instagram video of her yard. “We’re trimming and cutting, all of the dead leaves and branches from the lack of water. My poor flowers are all dead. I have furniture out here that’s rusted right through from the sun.”





 Taking care of business! Why do I pay a landscaper to come every two weeks? What is his crew doing? NOTHING! Thank you to my wonderful neighbor who is over here on his day off helping me! #aldcproud #aldcalways #friends #help #thebestisyettocome
A post shared by Abby Lee Miller (@therealabbylee) on Jun 6, 2017 at 7:13am PDT



But Miller didn’t clean up the mess herself, as she recruited a neighbor to do her dirty work!
“Thank you to my wonderful neighbor who is over here on his day off helping me,” she wrote.
She then slammed her landscaper for the drama!
“Why do I pay a landscaper to come every two weeks?” she blasted. “What is his crew doing? NOTHING!”
PHOTOS: Prosecutor Rips Into ‘Dance Moms’ Star Abby Lee Miller During First Hearing
In photos obtained by the Polk County Code Enforcement Office, the water in her pool turned dark green and was filled with leaves.
Frederick Beyer, a member of the Homeworker’s Association Board, told Radar, “One of the board members went over there to get the pool running because it was infested with mosquitoes. He had to clean, filter and shock the pool heavily.”
She added, “The neighbor next door to her had to have an exterminator because of rats and mice in their home.”
Miller had until May 26 to resolve the issue or else she would be headed back to court. According to the Code Enforcement Office, the issue has been resolved.
PHOTOS: Dangerous Driver! ‘Dance Moms’ Star Kira Girard Busted For Unsafe Traffic Violations
In a new photo obtained by Radar, her pool appeared to be cleaned.
In June 2016, Miller pled guilty to not reporting an international monetary transaction and one count of concealing bankruptcy assets.
She was sentenced to one year and one day in prison. The incarceration will be followed by two years of supervised release.
Are you surprised by the video? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n