 Chrissy Teigen Shows Off Major Cleavage While Vacationing In Venice With Husband And Daughter.../nChrissy, 31, strutted the streets with a beautiful floral blouse and pant set. She brought out the best accessory: her smile. The model wasn't shy showing off her bosom in the exposed top.The bombshell wore a green head wrap and mustard yellow heels to compliment her floral number, styled by her stylist, Monica Rose.However, the star of that day was their adorable daughter, Luna, who was all smiles and laughs. John, always smiling and full of love, opted for a more neutral outfit, wearing a magenta top and and casual pants.Who could blame her? Every girl loves Venice. The beauty wore a dress with floral prints, complimenting her mom. Luna and her mom exchanged glances with each other as they sat and spoke with what looks like a new friend of Luna.John made sure he captured their beautiful moments as his wife and daughter posed for the camera [like mother, like daughter]. Chrissy and John are definitely couple goals and their beautiful daughter, Luna, is such a beautiful addition to their growing family. What do you think about Chissy's outfit? Share your thoughts in the comments section.Chrissy, 31, strutted the streets with a beautiful floral blouse and pant set. She brought out the best accessory: her smile. The model wasn't shy showing off her bosom in the exposed top.The bombshell wore a green head wrap and mustard yellow heels to compliment her floral number, styled by her stylist, Monica Rose.However, the star of that day was their adorable daughter, Luna, who was all smiles and laughs. John, always smiling and full of love, opted for a more neutral outfit, wearing a magenta top and and casual pants.Who could blame her? Every girl loves Venice. The beauty wore a dress with floral prints, complimenting her mom. Luna and her mom exchanged glances with each other as they sat and spoke with what looks like a new friend of Luna.John made sure he captured their beautiful moments as his wife and daughter posed for the camera [like mother, like daughter]. Chrissy and John are definitely couple goals and their beautiful daughter, Luna, is such a beautiful addition to their growing family. What do you think about Chissy's outfit? Share your thoughts in the comments section./n