Farrah Abraham's Boyfriend Simon Makes Shocking Confession: 'Yes She's Pregnant!'/n
Baby makes four? After weeks of pregnancy rumors, Farrah Abraham‘s boyfriend Simon Saran is dropping a wild bombshell! The Teen Mom OG star exclusively revealed to RadarOnline.com that his girlfriend is pregnant.
“Yes she’s 26 and pregnant,” he told Radar, perhaps jokingly.
Saran would not confirm if he was serious when he made the shocking admission.
PHOTOS: Farrah Abraham Celebrates 25th Birthday With ‘Teen Mom’ Pal Jenelle Evans
Abraham sparked pregnancy rumors in May when she appeared to have a bump in a vacation photo with Saran.
He told Radar at the time, “She’s not pregnant. I believe she had too much Dr. Pepper to drink for breakfast that left her looking bloated.”
But earlier this week, Abraham’s bare bump was caught on camera in a Twitter video.
PHOTOS: Teen Mom Porn Star Farrah Abraham’s Sex Book Seems True To Life
“You can deny it all you want but that is definitely a baby bump,” one user wrote, as another commented, “Totally a baby bump! Congratulations!”
This would be the second child for Abraham, as she’s mother to Sophia, 8, with ex-boyfriend Derek Underwood. Underwood tragically died in a car accident when Abraham was pregnant with their child.
Abraham would be the latest Teen Mom star who is welcoming a new addition.
PHOTOS: Farrah Abraham Attends ‘The Runner’ New York Special Screening At Village East Cinema
As readers know, Teen Mom 2 star Kailyn Lowry is expecting her third child in only a few weeks with ex-boyfriend Chris Lopez. She is also mother to Isaac with ex-boyfriend Jo Rivera and Lincoln with ex-husband Javi Marroquin.
The newest Teen Mom 2 star Briana DeJesus is also expecting and is due in July. She is mother to daughter Nova with baby daddy Devoin Austin.
Do you think Abraham is pregnant? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n