Heading For Split? Amy Roloff's Boyfriend Admits 'Doubts' In Relationship/n
Amy Roloff may be smitten with her boyfriend of over six months, Chris Marek, but the romance could be in trouble.
On last night’s episode of Little People, Big World, the divorced mother of four, 52, struggled with insecurities over whether her short stature had pushed her average-sized real estate broker beau, 54, away.
“When we’re out in public, I know people look,” she told the cameras. “Has it ever bothered him? I just hope my being a little person isn’t an issue in regards to my relationship with Chris. Because if it is, let’s get it out and let’s go from there.”
PHOTOS:Cheating Scandal? Matt Roloff Admitted He Didn’t Make Commitment A Priority
Still reeling from her nasty divorce and ex Matt’s controversial new relationship with his assistant, she admitted she has “fear” over her love life.
“Dating Chris I’ll always have that fear when I’m out in public, having the comments said here, comments said there,” she said. “I still lack confidence. I’m a little person for crying out loud!”
“I don’t really want to be by myself. It’s just too hard.”
PHOTOS: ‘Little People, Big World’s Jacob Roloff Quits Show, Exposes Family’s Reality Fakery!
Amy decided to confront Chris about any possible issues coming between them over dinner.
“I’ve always been curious. When we go out in public, do you sense anything?” she asked her man after he gave her a sweet card.
“I catch it out of the corner of my eye. I’ve seen a few snickers,” he responded.
PHOTOS: ‘Little People,’ Big Feud! Rebel Son Jacob Roloff’s 10 Biggest Disses To His Family
She later asked if the uncomfortable moments left him with “doubts” about the future of their relationship.
“Those thoughts came up initially, because it was very different for me,” he confessed. “But we’re well past that now. It doesn’t bother me.”
“When I see someone snickering or laughing, to me, it shows their ignorance. I really don’t care what they think anyway.”
Amy breathed a sigh of relief.
PHOTOS: Brain Surgery, Car Wrecks & Painkillers: Inside ‘Little People, Big World’s Scary Medical Crises
Meanwhile, Amy’s son Zach, 27, and his wife Tori learned their unborn son was a little person during a 34-week ultrasound.
“Are they going to want to hold him? Are they going to want to snuggle him? Are they going to be nervous around them?” a concerned Tori asked.
But the couple ultimately agreed they were still very excited.
“A dwarf baby is going to face more challenges. But at the end of the day, it’s just going to like every other kid,” Amy summed up.
Tori and Zach decided not to announce the news at her baby shower, and instead celebrated their little one’s impending arrival.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n