 Bethenny Frankel’s Bitter Courtroom Showdown Begins! She Breaks Down In Tears On The.../n
Bethenny Frankel’s bitter courtroom battle began on Wednesday and she faced off against her estranged husband, taking the stand to slam him and beg a judge to rule that she is the more fit parent of their daughter, Bryn Hoppy.
The 43-year-old Skinnygirl mogul’s lawyer started off the contentious showdown, telling the court that Jason Hoppy, 42, showed his “true side” when the cameras were off.
“He threatened to destroy her,” the NY Daily News reported her attorney Allen Mayefsky said during his opening statements.
PHOTOS: Bethenny Frankel And Jason Hoppy Together For Bryn’s Birthday
“He had her followed and spied on, along with their daughter.”
Mayefsky also revealed that Hoppy would hold “a recorder to her face,” and said he has “hundreds of tapes” he plotted to use against her.
“Ms. Frankel is the more balanced, objective and fit custodial parent,” Mayefsky said.
PHOTOS: Smiling Through Struggle: Despite Contentious Custody Battle, Bethenny Frankel Beaming With Daughter Bryn
Hoppy’s attorney, Bernard Clair, slammed the former Real Housewives of New York City star, stating that “Bethenny Frankel’s priority is Bethenny Frankel.”
However, a tearful Frankel took the stand and revealed that her estranged husband said she was “disgusting” and vowed to fight her tooth and nail in a divorce.
“If you don’t want to be with me and you’re ending this marriage, I want nothing to do with you ever again. I’m going to destroy you,” she said Hoppy threatened to her.
PHOTOS: Bethenny Frankel Takes Bryn To The Beach
She continued her emotional testimony, saying Hoppy told her “You’re already losing fans. I’m going to ruin you.”
Frankel claimed the Hoppy was vicious to her, saying: “’‘You’re dead to me. I want nothing to do with you. You think I want to be with you on the holidays? You’re a piece of s—. You’re garbage. You have no idea what I’ve got on you.’”
She said Hoppy told her he had an investor who would help him pay his legal fees, and admitted to the judge that she did refer to him as “white trash.”
PHOTOS: The Ring Is Off! Bethenny Frankel’s Husband Jason Hoppy Removes His Wedding Band
The Bethenny Ever After Star told the court that they both spent their entire lives in front of the camera.
“Nothing was off-limits,” the failed talk show host said on the stand. “Except sex.”
Frankel also said Hoppy enjoyed the perks that came with their lives, taking expensive vacations and meeting celebrities like Ellen DeGeneres and Justin Bieber.
PHOTOS: Bethenny Frankel Sizzles In Miami! Rocks Red Bikini On Vacation
“He’d say, ‘This is fun,’” Frankel revealed.
Stay with Radar for updates to the bitter custody battle between Frankel and Hoppy. /n