‘The Voice’ Preview: Which Coach Has the Strongest Team So Far? (VIDEO, POLL)/n





                    'The Voice' Week 3 Recap
                







The fight is on between the coaches to fill their teams. 

 MORE >>





 With the final night of blind auditions on NBC’s The Voice upon us, the intensity of the competition is about to get fierce.
Coaches Adam Levine, Christina Aguilera, Cee Lo Green and Blake Shelton have assembled an impressive group of performers thus far covering all genres of music and age ranges. With only eight spots left in the competition (two on each team), we are sure Monday’s episode will be one to remember.
To get you ready we here at Celebuzz have ranked the teams according to who we think has the advantage thus far as well as which standouts will be watching out for during the battle rounds. 

1. Team Adam
Adam has assembled an eclectic group of amazing performers for his team in an attempt to reclaim the winning title from his BFF Blake. With rockers like Benji and Joe Kirkland to soulful singers Michelle Brooks-Thompson and Brian Scartocci, he’s covered all his bases in terms of genres of music. The two standouts, which we think may give him the edge, are Nicole Nelson and Brandon Mahone. Nelson gave a rousing performance of the classic song, “Hallelujah” which brought the crowd to its feet and gave us chills. Mahone, went old school with The Temptations “I Wish It Would Rain” and showed experience far beyond his 17 years.


'the voice' season 3 teams: the performers 








































72 Photos »


We’re also keeping an eye out for unique singer Melanie Martinez and suburban reggae lover Samuel Mouton. The rest of Adam’s team includes Collin McLoughlin, Alessandra Guerico, Melanie Martinez, Adana Duru, Loren Allred, Samuel Mouton, Joe Kirkland, and Sam James.
2. Team Cee Lo
Could it be Cee Lo’s year? Cee Lo was able to scoop two of our favorite performers thus far in the competition: Mycle Wastman and Avery Wilson. The soulful Wastman was amazing singing Al Green’s “Let’s Stay Together” for his blind audition. Sixteen-year-old Wilson stunned both us and the judges with his performance David Guetta’s “Without You” and showed that he will definitely be a force to be reckoned with in the battle rounds. When your soon-to-be-coach calls you the “golden child” you know you’re good. Rounding out his team are Ben Taub, Todd Kessler, Emily Earle, JR Aquina, Nicholas David, Domo, MacKenzie Bourg, Daniel Rose, Trevin Hunte, Alexis Marceaux, Diego Val, and Amanda Brown.
3. Team Blake
As last year’s champion coach, Blake has put a lot of pressure on himself to repeat. Our thoughts for his best chances include smog technician turned singer Charlie Rey and former Hey Monday singer Cassadee Pope. In addition to Rey’s smooth performance of Michael Buble’s “Home” the 20-year-old had the ladies screaming which proves his star quality. Pope killed it when she tackled Natalie Imbruglia’s “Torn” and had each of the coaches vying for her vote. Blake has said she is a “superstar” and she just might be.


'the voice' coaches talk to the press in malibu








































8 Photos »


Another singer to watch for is music teacher Suzanna Choffel. Blake’s team also includes Liz David, Kelly Crapa, 2 Steel Girls (Allison & Krystal Steel), Casey Muessigmann, Julie Cesar Castillo, Graicia Harrison, Terry McDermott, Lelia Broussard, Michaela Paige, Ryan Jirovec, and Terisa Griffin,
4. Team Christina
Xtina appears to be the only coach who had a definite idea of what she wanted her team to be throughout the blind auditions. Going with what she knows best, all of her contestants she is hoping to mold into greatness are pop friendly. If we had to put money on those performers on her team who will make it through the battle rounds, we’d go with De’Borah, Nelly’s Echo and Jordan Pruitt. Nelly’s Echo was especially fun to watch and we’re hoping she goes far in the competition. Contenders Joselyn Rivera, Beat Frequency (Natasha Neuschwander & Shawn Lewis), Paulina, Lisa Scinta, MarissaAnn, Adriana Louise, Aquile, Devyn Deloera, Dez Duron, Laura Vivas and Silvia Yacoub fill out the rest of Christina’s team.
The Voice airs Mondays and Tuesdays at 8 PM on NBC.
So readers now, it’s your turn. Tell us whose team you think is best in the poll above or the comments below!
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player
 

brightcove.createExperiences();

 
/n