Fakery & Shocking Cameos: Secrets Of 'Making A Murderer' Season 2 Exposed/n
Steven Avery murder prosecutor Ken Kratz was vilified in Making a Murderer‘s shocking debut season, and has slammed the filmmakers’ sinister portrayal of his character. But, in an exclusive video interview with RadarOnline.com, the former Wisconsin district attorney claims he may be making an appearance on the Netflix hit’s highly anticipated second season.
“They have recently contacted me” about participating in the new season, Kratz reveals to Radar, adding that he has left eager producers hanging. “But I haven’t responded yet.”
In order to move forward with the Netflix hit, Kratz, 57, says he needs assurance from directors Moira Demos and Laura Ricciardi that he would not become a victim of deceitful editing.
PHOTOS: See 25 Photos Of Evidence That Got Jodi Arias Convicted Of Murder
“What I’d like to see before I would agree to do that, is a promise from them that they’re not going to splice this time,” he explains.
In his shocking new tell-all about Avery and nephew Brendan Dassey‘s conviction in the 2005 murder of 25-year-old photographer Teresa Halbach, Kratz accuses the filmmakers of cutting and pasting questions and answers from witness testimonies and interviews throughout the show’s first season.
“They fooled people,” fumes the author of Avery: The Case Against Steven Avery and What ‘Making a Murderer’ Gets Wrong. “They did a really good job of fooling people.”
PHOTOS: Bodyguards Gone Wild! Drugs, Murder, Assault & Other Crimes Committed By Hollywood’s Hired Muscle
Throughout the book, Kratz argues that the filmmakers left out key evidence in their documentary, which he claims is actually an extremely biased advocacy project.
“I was the only one from to stand up and say, ‘This isn’t right.’ What people are watching in Making A Murderer just didn’t happen that way,” he says. “I tried to tell as many people as I could, ‘You’ve been fooled.’ What you’re watching isn’t what happened, isn’t what the jury got to see in this case.”
“The book was intended to set the record straight. To tell people, ‘What you’re seeing in this docudrama wasn’t what happened. Here’s the real evidence against Steven Avery. Here’s what the filmmakers did to deceptively edit or change things around to fool that many people.'”
As Radar readers know, Avery, 54, is serving a life sentence without parole for brutally raping and murdering Halbach on October 31, 2005.
His nephew Dassey’s conviction was overturned in August 2016, but the 27-year-old remains behind bars pending an appeal.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n