 ‘Disturbing!’ Chad Ochocinco Johnson Brags About Giving His Daughters ‘A**-Whippings’.../n
In September 2012, Chad “Ochocinco” Johnson was sentenced to twelve months’ probation after pleading no contest to the bloody assault of his wife at the time, Evelyn Lozada. And although the judge also sentenced him to a batterers intervention program, it appears he may not have learned his lesson. RadarOnline.com has learned that Johnson has been bragging about using physical force against his daughters — a move a national domestic violence organization calls “disturbing.”
Ochocino, 36, bragged about “whipping” teen daughters Jicyra, born in 1998, Chi’el, born in 2005, and Chade, born in 2004. “My daughters get whippings & cursed out too,” he tweeted Friday. “…I live in a black household & our kids don’t listen, so cursing and a**whippings are necessary.”

Fans were quick to call him out for mistreating the girls, and now, Debby Tucker of the National Center on Domestic and Sexual Violence tells Radar the tweets should be cause for concern.
“Indeed it is disturbing,” Tucker told Radar. “But not unusual. I’ve heard people ‘justify’ their use of violence against children on the basis that the victims just don’t listen.”
“And then racism comes into this too,” she continued, “because the offender knows tat there are many people who carry the racist belief that black children are more violent and unable to control their behavior as well as white, red or yellow [sic], and perhaps he can avoid any consequences for the use of his violence if he deflects the attention onto the conduct of these unruly children.”
PHOTOS: Candid Shots Of Evelyn Lozada And Chad Ochocinco
Johnson’s temper came under the spotlight back in August 2012, when his wife of less than a month, Basketball Wives star Lozada, 38, was admitted to a Florida emergency room with a three-inch gash on her forehead that she claimed Johnson gave her during an argument that turned physical. He later pled no contest, and a judge called what he allegedly did “horrific” during the sentencing.
Do you think Johnson was just kidding or did he cross the line? Let us know in the comments! /n