You Need to See Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson's 22-Hour Tattoo Transformation
/n
 

Dwayne Johnson‘s bull tattoo on his right bicep has become the star’s signature ink since his early pro wrestling days. But after two decades of having it on his arm, The Rock decided it was about time to give his iconic design a huge transformation.
“Evolution of the bull begins w/ @nikkohurtado. I’ve engrained this bull in my DNA for two decades. My core. Humbly, it’s also become a symbol of strength, resilience, heart, power and defiance to so many people around the world. I got this tattoo when I was just a kid. Now I need it to reflect me as a man,” the 45-year-old actor said in his first Instagram video that documented the major change.

Johnson documented the entire experience on Instagram, and revealed the final product Friday. His new look? A life-like, 3-D larger bull tattoo featuring visible cracks in its bones, with horns pointing straight ahead and a large, empty eye socket.
Looking for more style content? Click here to subscribe to the PeopleStyle Newsletter for amazing shopping discounts, can’t-live-without beauty products and more.
Jason Koerner/Getty 
The actor turned to world renowned tattoo artist Nikko Hurtado to evolve his original bull, which took 22 hours and three sessions at the parlor.
Each detail of Johnson’s new bull tattoo come with its own special meaning and story. “Every detail is a reflection of my own personal history. From the cracks and heavy damage in the bone representing life’s hard lessons I’ve learned over the years. Just like scars and wrinkles – I’m so grateful to have ’em because they’re earned,” Johnson wrote on Instagram.





 Evolution of the bull. Blood, sweat & years.  After 3 sessions and 22hrs of tattooing with world renowned @NikkoHurtado, the story's almost done.. Every detail is a reflection of my own personal history.  From the cracks and heavy damage in the bone representing life's hard lessons I've learned over the years. Just like scars and wrinkles – I'm so grateful to have 'em because they're earned.  To the horns, not pointing up or out to the side, but pointing straight ahead representing relentless energy and forward progress.  The core and anchor of this image is in the eye. Look closely and you'll find the life, energy, power and you'll feel the MANA (spirit). The eye tells the story of a disruptive positive energy always ready to dent the universe.  Depending on the light and angle, sometimes the energy's subtle and sometimes it's glaring. But it's always alive and ready to disrupt the universe and love and protect my family and all things I love with intense passion and gratitude.  Cheers to living, learning, evolving and growing. And to the positive disrupters ready to dent the universe.  #EvolutionOfTheBull #TheDisrupter #TheMana  #NowLetsBreakOutTheTequila
A post shared by therock (@therock) on Aug 11, 2017 at 8:26am PDT


Settling down on each intricate detail of the tattoo’s design took plenty of conversation between Johnson and Hurtado. “We talked for hours about the man I am today, compared to who I once was. And who I’ll always be. We all desire to grow and evolve. The mana is right.. let the blood and pain begin. #EvolutionOfTheBull,” Johnson said.
RELATED PHOTOS: UPDATED! Celebrities with Best Friend Tattoos





 Evolution of the bull begins w/ @nikkohurtado.  I've engrained this bull in my DNA for two decades. My core. Humbly, it's also become a symbol of strength, resilience, heart, power and defiance to so many people around the world.  I got this tattoo when I was just a kid. Now I need it to reflect me as a man.  All my ink is a rite of passage and spiritual and the MANA (power and spirit) has to be right before we begin.  Mana is strong with world renowned Nikko. We talked for hours about the man I am today, compared to who I once was. And who I'll always be.  We all desire to grow and evolve. The mana is right.. let the blood and pain begin.  #EvolutionOfTheBull #WheresMyVicodin
A post shared by therock (@therock) on Aug 7, 2017 at 5:36pm PDT


What do you think about Dwayne’s bicep tattoo evolution? Tell us in the comments. 
/n