UPDATE! Jani Lane Autopsy Inconclusive, Cause of Death Pending Down boys, there are no answers yet. An autopsy performed Friday on late Warrant singer Jani Lane proved inconclusive pending the results of toxicology tests, according to the Lo.../n
Down boys, there are no answers yet.An autopsy performed Friday on late Warrant singer Jani Lane proved inconclusive pending the results of toxicology tests, according to the Los Angeles County coroner's office.Assistant Chief Coroner Ed Winter says it may take seven or eight weeks to finalize the cause of death.But some of those close to Lane have already drawn their own conclusions.

"He lost his battle over alcohol," said longtime friend and manager Obi Steinman, who noted that Lane had struggled with alcoholism for years and had racked up at least two DUI arrests."He was one of the great rock-and-roll frontmen and singers of all time," Steinman said. "His music helped shape the '80s."In the meantime, it only took hours for Lane's former bandmates to start tuning up for a tribute.

The current members of Warrant plan on dedicating tonight's    performance of "Heaven" at their scheduled show in North Dakota to their    onetime frontman.Lane's fellow artists—of the heavy metal variety and otherwise—have  also been offering up a wave of thoughts and prayers since hearing the  news that the 47-year-old was found dead yesterday afternoon in a San  Fernando Valley hotel room."We'd like to offer our deepest condolences to the family of Jani  Lane regarding their loss. Respectfully, Bret and all at MEGI," Bret Michaels tweeted."R.I.P. Jani Lane...a true songwriter and one of the most underrated   voices in rock n roll, unfairly looked over because of hair metal tag,"  added Mark "Sugar Ray" McGrath."Jani Lane's is yet another sad story of a boy who attained his  dreams  of greatness, only to be blindsided by the pressures,  temptations and  disappointments of those same dreams," wrote Twisted Sister's Dee Snider."We all watched over the years, as  he soared, stumbled, fell, then  got up again and again. Tragically, he  will get up no more. RIP Jani."Steinman said that Lane's family will hold a private memorial service  on Sunday and that a public memorial, featuring performances by metal  bands such as Great White and L.A. Guns will be held Aug. 24 at a venue to be determined.
/n