Rosie Rushes Daughter To Rehab In Secret Cocaine Nightmare/n
Rosie O’Donnell has shipped her drug-addled daughter to rehab in a last-ditch effort to save her from a life of coke-fueled depravity, RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned.
That tragic — and horrifying — insight into the tumultuous life of the TV comic comes thanks to a shocking series of private text messages obtained by Radar showing Chelsea O’Donnell, 19, confessing the true extent of her cocaine addiction.
“Tryna get drugs. Just blow. I need some. I gotta find a way to make $20,” a woman claiming to be Chelsea wrote to a man she met on Facebook.
“I just want some blow …” she continued. “I don’t wanna do bad things for it but f–k … it helps [me] deal with nick.”
PHOTOS: Something To Prove? Rosie O’Donnell Goes On Instagram Spree With Adopted Daughter As Custody Battle Rages On
As Radar reported, Chelsea secretly married Nicholas Alliegro, a 31-year-old plumber, on July 1, 2016, just eight months after they met. But Radar has now caught her in a shocking cheating scandal with her Facebook text buddy.
“Chelsea’s life is falling apart. She’s spiraling out of control,” a source told Radar.
“She dedicates every waking second to drugs. So it won’t be a shock when Nicholas finally learns the truth about her double life and kicks her to the curb!”
PHOTOS: Rosie O’Donnell’s Former Michelle BLASTS Embattled Ex –– Claims She’s The ‘Better Mother’ For Daughter Dakota & Suspects She Cheated!
Last year, Rosie threatened to kick Chelsea out of her life if she refused to go to a therapy program. Only now — after Rosie staged an intervention — did Chelsea finally accept her help, said a source.
Chelsea takes medication for anxiety and depression — and days before Rosie hauled her off to a Freehold, N.J., rehab clinic, the star told pals that her daughter was off her medication and unstable, according to the insider.
Story developing.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n