 'Teen Mom' Catelynn & Tyler Arrested For Drugs One Week After Placing Daughter For.../n
Teen Mom OG fan favorites Catelynn Lowell and Tyler Baltierra have confessed to experimenting with alcohol and drugs throughout their challenging childhoods.
But in a heartbreaking twist, the longtime couple was arrested together as teens for marijuana possession just seven days after the birth and subsequent adoption placement of their biological daughter, Carly— and RadarOnline.com has the sad details.
On May 25, 2009, one week to the day after Carly’s birth, Lowell and Baltierra, now both 24, were caught and later charged with Controlled Substance: Use of Marijuana, Michigan’s St. Clair County District Court records indicate.
According to a Marine City Police Department incident report obtained exclusively by Radar, four juveniles — two identified as Lowell and Baltierra by Radar, though their names were redacted in the documents — were spotted standing behind an old building around 8:30 pm.
READ THE POLICE REPORT
“I arrived on the scene, and observed one of the male subjects throw something on the ground,” the responding officer wrote. “The subjects then began to walk away.”
The cop then stopped the young group, and asked what they were up to— and the kids all ‘fessed up.
“All four subjects advised that they were smoking marijuana,” the officer continued, adding that he discovered a “marijuana blunt” next to the building.
The joint later “tested positive” for marijuana.
PHOTOS: Who Cried, Who Wasn’t Invited: 10 Behind-The-Scenes Secrets Of ‘Teen Mom OG’ Stars Catelynn Lowell and Tyler Baltierra’s Big Wedding!
The teens were all taken back to the Marine City Police Department and questioned about the incident.
One female juvenile — likely Lowell — told officers about giving birth.
“She advised me that she had a baby two weeks ago,” the officer said. (In reality, it had been just one week.)
Baltierra, Lowell and their two accomplices were released to their parents.
PHOTOS: Baby’s Big Debut! ‘Teen Mom’ Stars Catelynn Lowell & Tyler Baltierra Show Off Adorable Infant Daughter Novalee Reign
Both reality stars pled guilty, and were ordered to 20 days in jail. However, the sentences were suspended indefinitely upon paying a $200 fine.
Though they were being filmed for MTV’s 16 & Pregnant at the time, the July 2009 episode did not mention the arrests.
More than seven years later, Baltierra and Lowell are married homeowners, public speakers and parents to baby Novalee, but they still struggle with personal issues.
PHOTOS: Catelynn Lowell Bullied By Jealous Women Online: ‘Girls Are Nasty & Mean!’
In addition to Lowell’s battle with postpartum depression and anxiety, Baltierra’s father, Butch, has returned to jail after one year of freedom, Radar reported earlier this week.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n