WATCH: Here’s the Alternate ‘Sex and the City’ Opening Credits You’ve Never Seen Before/n





                    Sarah Jessica Parker Says She Would 'Love' to do 'Hocus Pocus 2' and 'Sex and the City 3'
                







Someone make this happen!

 MORE >>










                    Wait, Did Sarah Jessica Parker Just Hint There Might Be a Third 'Sex and the City' Movie?
                







Oh. My. God.

 MORE >>





Though Sarah Jessica Parker’s tutu in Sex and the City’s opening credits is one of Carrie Bradshaw’s most iconic outfits, it nearly didn’t make it on the air.

According to creator Darren Star, an alternate opening was shot which featured the TV fashionista in blue as she trips over the sidewalk when she sees an ad for her column on the side of a bus. The footage, which was shot in March 1998 near Manhattan’s Plaza Hotel, was never shown — until now.
“There were two wardrobes. One was the tutu, and we did one pass where Sarah Jessica was wearing a blue dress and didn’t get splashed; instead, she trips when she sees the ad,” Star told Entertainment Weekly, who first got a hold of the 35-second clip. “In my mind, it was a nod to The Dick Van Dyke show, but we didn’t use it. It’s in the archives.”



A post shared by SJP (@sarahjessicaparker) on Mar 31, 2017 at 5:46am PDT


Costume designer Patricia Field said they shot Parker in various outfits because “it was very difficult for the producers to understand the tutu.”
Though Field and Parker were all for the tutu, which was found in a $5 bin on a showroom floor and recreated into four versions, Darren wanted to make sure they had other footage to show to execs in case it got nixed. In the end the showrunner believes sticking with the frilly frock was a good decision. “It was such a brilliant choice because, in a way, Carrie’s dancing through her life in New York,” he said.
Parker slipped back into the memorable number in the 2008 film when her character was seen cleaning out her closet. When word got out the alternate opening credits had surfaced online, the actress shared the video on Instagram writing, “Lost footage.
The alternate and never used title sequence from ‘SATC’ A really nice memory.” Watch the original opener — below.





/n