Blake Shelton Tries Sushi for the First Time, Alexander Skarsgard’s ‘Tarzan’ Abs on Display and More News/n





                    Blake Shelton Credits Gwen Stefani for Saving His Life
                







Their relationship goes way beyond romance.

 MORE >>





We’re bringing you the latest news with the Celebuzz newsfeed featuring Blake Shelton, Alexander Skarsgård, Melissa Gilbert, Patrick Dempsey and more.
This space may be updated throughout the day, so keep check back for more news.
Watching a sushi skeptic try it for the first time is typically pretty hilarious. Such was the case when Jimmy Fallon made Blake Shelton try raw sushi for the first time.





Fallon treated Shelton to some sake or “rice wine,” which Shelton declared tasted like “Easter egg coloring.” He then ate some pickled ginger, which he said “has the texture of pre-chewed gum. He then tried some sushi, which he said looked like “a human tongue.”

Alexander Skarsgård is showing off the goods in the new The Legend of Tarzan poster.





Standing shirtless in the jungle surrounded by large apes with co-star Margot Robbie, 25, behind the hunky actor. Yep, I’m in.

Little House on the Prairie actress Melissa Gilbert is dropping out of the race for a congressional seat in Michigan, citing advice from her doctors.
Gilbert made the announcement through a statement issued by her campaign shortly after a report by WDIV-TV Local 4 on Tuesday evening that she intended to leave the race, and a Free Press report that Democratic members of Michigan’s congressional delegation had been told Tuesday about Gilbert’s impending decision. [Page Six]

It definitely looks as if Patrick Dempsey’s divorce from his wife Jillian is definitely off. Dempsey has made “sacrifices” to get his marriage back on track.
The Bridget Jones’ Baby actor’s spouse Jillian – with whom he has daughter Tallulah, 14, and twin sons Sullivan and Darby, nine – filed for divorce in January 2015 but he has confirmed, following months of speculation, that they are now back together after “working” at their relationship.


	Patrick Dempsey Shirtless In Hawaii During Holiday With Family








































7 Photos »


Asked if they are back together, he said: “Yeah, I think so. You have to work at everything. And you cannot do everything. Something has to be sacrificed.” [TMZ]



Yesterday's Hottest Celebrity Sightings








































61 Photos »


/n