Duggar Sex Secret: Jim Bob’s Sister Deanna Had Daughter Amy Out Of Wedlock!/n
The Duggar family abides by very strict courtship rules: no hugging, no kissing and especially no sex before the wedding day.
But in a shocking confession, fervent Christian fundamentalist patriarch Jim Bob’s sister Deanna Duggar, 52, quietly admitted that she had a baby out of wedlock, RadarOnline.com has learned.
The Christian singer has been married to artist Terry Jordan, 52, since 2006— but her daughter, aspiring country crooner Amy Duggar, is 27.
PHOTOS: 19 Controversies & Counting! The Duggar Family’s Most Scandalous Quotes Of All Time
“Terry and I knew each other a long time ago, and I got pregnant with Amy. And so, we dated each other on and off for quite some time,” Deanna said in 2009 on an early episode of Jim Bob and wife Michelle’s TLC reality series 18 Kids And Counting. “Then we finally decided you know what, we need to get married! So we got married, we’ve been together 3 years.”
On her Instagram, spunky Amy refers to Terry as dad.



A girls father is the first man in her life and the most influential, I admire my dad, I might outgrow his lap but he will never outgrow my heart Thank you daddio for always being there, No matter how crazy life gets sometimes. I love you so much!
A photo posted by AmyDuggar (@amyduggar) on Jun 15, 2014 at 8:34am PDT



“A girl’s father is the first man in her life and the most influential,” she captioned the cute shot. “I admire my dad.”
However, it isn’t clear if he is in fact her biological father.
According to a 2012 interview with the Examiner, Terry said he and Deanna started dating 20 years ago. In that case, Amy’s real father is still unknown.
PHOTOS: Amy Duggar Sexy Photos — Reality Star Flashes Flesh, Kisses Boyfriend
Despite the major rule break nearly thirty years ago, Jim Bob insists he loves his sister.
“We enjoy getting together every week,” he has said.
The reality TV clan has weathered other family scandals in recent months.
As Radar exclusively reported, anti-LGBT activist Michelle, 49, has a secret lesbian sister named Evelyn Ruark. /n