Doris Roberts' Everybody Loves Raymond Showrunner Recalls the Time Lady Gaga Revealed She's a Marie Barone Superfan/n
As one of TV’s most famous mothers, Doris Roberts found a fan in music’s very own Mama Monster.  
Roberts’ Everybody Loves Raymond creator and executive producer Phil Rosenthal revealed in a guest column for The Hollywood Reporter that Lady Gaga was a huge admirer of Roberts’ Marie Barone (a character based on his own mother).  
In honor of Roberts, who died Monday at age 90, Rosenthal tells how he attended a 2015 concert with the actress.   
“We had a lovely time and we went backstage and we met Tony Bennett and Lady Gaga, and Lady Gaga gushed all over,” he writes. “She couldn’t believe she was meeting Doris. She loved Doris.”
Rosenthal notes that the Grammy winner “was a fan, and that was something because here’s somebody that you wouldn’t expect to be an Everybody Loves Raymond fan or a Marie Barone fan.”  
And the admiration was mutual – Roberts tweeted this past January that she had an “extraordinary” time with Gaga and Bennett.  


Here's a great moment from 2015: Backstage with #TonyBennett and #LadyGaga at the @HollywoodBowl. Extraordinary! pic.twitter.com/aB4lsBVvzg
— Doris Roberts (@doris_roberts) January 13, 2016

Since Roberts’ unexpected passing on Monday, friends and costars have been paying tribute to her career and spirit.  
Ray Romano told PEOPLE: “Doris Roberts had an energy and a spirit that amazed me. She never stopped. Whether working professionally or with her many charities, or just nurturing and mentoring a young, green comic trying to make it as an actor, she did it all with such a grand love for life and people and I will miss her dearly.”   
And Jodie Sweetin, who played Roberts’ on-screen granddaughter in Full House, told PEOPLE after Monday night’s Dancing with the Stars: “She was a grandma on Full House and on Everybody Loves Raymond, but she was a grandma to an entire generation. She did so much. She was in the industry for so long and in so much iconic TV and movies. She’ll be missed for sure.”
/n