Jennifer DUMPS Chelsea! Inside Aniston & Handler's EXPLOSIVE Falling Out/n
There’s no denying Chelsea Handler has her way with her ever-evolving “rotation” of famous friends, but the comedian’s list of confidants just got shorter. RadarOnline.com can reveal that Handler’s longtime BFF, Jennifer Aniston, recently gave the boozy blonde the boot.
But being axed by Aniston also means getting cut by the A-Lister’s army. Sources reveal that the vulgar Chelsea Lately star has been dropped by her powerful Hollywood publicist, Stephen Huvane, whose No. 1 client happens to be — you guessed it — Jennifer!
PHOTOS: Jennifer Aniston’s Packed On ‘Nearly 50 pounds’ Amid Marriage Meltdown, Claims Source
Stephen, considered one of Tinseltown’s top celebrity mouthpieces, repped the potty-mouthed comic for years, but a source reveals the pitbull publicist “dumped Chelsea after she had a huge blowup with Jennifer — one of his very top-priority clients. He’s no longer representing Chelsea.”
Despite having had been one of the exclusive guests at Jen’s August 2015 wedding to Justin Theroux, the two are now on the outs. In a recent interview on The Howard Stern Show, Chelsea seemingly blabbed about her falling out with Aniston, saying, “If you lie to me or you lie about me, I can’t take that. … I’m a really good friend and I expect the same in return.”
PHOTOS: Jennifer Aniston Continues To Show Off Bump After Denying Pregnancy
During the show the comedian also revealed she’d already replaced her famous BFF with other A-Listers like Kate Hudson, Goldie Hawn, and Kurt Russell after the trio had partied it up during New Year’s Eve in Aspen, Colorado.
And according to the insider, Jen approaches her gal-pal friendships in a “it’s me or her” type of way, so the actress put her foot down when she came to learn Handler had been adding to her BFF circle.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n