Janice Dickinson Reveals Breast Cancer Diagnosis/n





                    Janice Dickinson Suing Bill Cosby for Defamation, 'Justice and Vindication'
                







Fighting for justice

 MORE >>





Supermodel Janice Dickinson has been diagnosed with breast cancer.

The 61-year-old revealed the news on Monday (March 28) in a video interview with Daily Mail. 


Janice Dickinson's Bikini Body	








































7 Photos »


She explained that doctors gave her the news two weeks ago on March 12 after they found a pea-sized lump on her right breast during a doctor’s visit. Daily Mail reports:

After an urgent mammogram and biopsy Janice was found to have early stage ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS) – a common form of breast cancer that starts in the milk ducts.

She told the outlet, “It’s still quite shocking. You know, I’ve had plastic surgery and I’ve had breast implants and I’ve always been very vocal of what I’ve done, because I tell the truth about everything. As I am right now. And I’m doing this for women…I feel like I’m living a kind of nightmarish dream, to be honest.
“Today I got very scared. I just get very scared and it hit me. But I am not gonna let that define me, the fear. I’m going to get through this, I’ll be just fine kiddo.”





Dickinson, who is engaged to Dr. Robert Gerner and has two children, Nathan and Savannah, explained she was scared for her family. “I became fearful but not for myself, but for my two children, my loving fiancé Rocky, we have a grandson, aged four, his name is baby Aby. I just thought they are gonna flip out.”


Peek Inside Janice Dickinson's $1.4M Post-Bankruptcy Pad	








































22 Photos »


The former America’s Next Top Model judge feels lucky and hopeful, though. “I know that my fiancé is a doctor of the highest caliber, I have four specialists, I’ve been prodded and poked on the inside and out. I can tell you I’m very, very lucky.
“Don’t feel sorry for me, this is not a pity party. I’m Janice Dickinson and I’m gonna stick around for a long, long time, you ain’t getting rid of me yet.”
Her mother, Jennie Marie Pietrzykoski, passed away from the disease in 1995.


Janice Dickinson Bikinis in Malibu	








































7 Photos »


/n