Maggie Q Discusses One Organization She’ll Be Supporting During This Season of Giving/n





                    Alec Baldwin Almost Sprained His Jaw Doing Donald Trump Impressions
                







That's dedication

 MORE >>





Maggie Q and Alec Baldwin showed their support for the Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine (PCRM) in New York City on Thursday night (Dec. 1, 2016).

Celebuzz caught up with Q at the debut of Dr. Neal Barnard’s latest music project with CarbonWorks that benefitted PCRM, a research and advocacy non-profit organization founded by Dr. Barnard that promotes preventive medicine, good nutrition, and ethical research. At the event, hosted by Baldwin, Q said that PCRM and PETA are two of the many organizations for which she is an advocate. “There’s a core seven groups that, to me, mean the most and are functional in the world we’re living in making a difference on different levels,” said Q. “They’re a group of doctors and scientists who are working on a legislative level doing a lot of privately-funded research that’s making a big difference and be able to be effective in changing laws.”


Dylan McDermott, Maggie Q Attend InStyle Golden Globe After Party








































9 Photos »


“I’m so in awe of the fact that this group of doctors and scientists quietly work under the radar and transform some of the biggest issues of our time. They are responsible for getting 95% of animal testing out of universities in the United States, they were pivotal in getting the chimps from the NIH and shutting down that testing,” she continued. “They really are doing amazing work but they’re not out there like other groups are.”





CREDIT: Lukas Greystone


Q suggested that those who are interested in learning more about PCRM should visit their website, which also hosts resources that have helped many people, including her parents, lower their cholesterol and get off of diabetes medication. She also recommends reading Dr. Neal Barnard’s book, Breaking the Food Seduction to learn more about the hidden reasons behind food cravings and how to fight them naturally.
Designated Survivor, starring Kiefer Sutherland and Maggie Q, airs on ABC Wednesdays at 10 p.m. EST.
/n