WATCH: ‘Buffy the Vampire Slayer’ Cast Reunites for 20th Anniversary/n





                    Sarah Michelle Gellar Pays Tribute to 'Buffy the Vampire Slayer' 
                







Slay, queen!

 MORE >>





Thanks to Entertainment Weekly, the original cast of Buffy the Vampire Slayer came together for a reunion commemorating the show’s 20th anniversary.

The Scooby Gang reunited to talk about their experiences working on the hit show together and shared photos of their children in between interview takes.
Sarah Michelle Gellar explained what the series meant to her:
“It’s the ultimate metaphor: horrors of adolescence manifesting through these actual monsters. It’s the hardest time of life.”
David Boreanaz, who portrayed Angel on the show, said that the series and its themes reflected the human experience.
“When you’re going through a really horrible part of your life, like your teenage years, you feel alone. And Buffy was a way to tell the audience you’re not alone,” he said, and Emma Caufield (Anya) added, “It just touched on really basic human emotions, like a life blueprint. ‘I don’t have any friends. I feel isolated.’ Those sort of core human emotions.”


Teen Stars of The WB: Where Are They Now?








































43 Photos »


Josh Whedon called the reunion “surreal.”
“For the most part, this is like a high school reunion but much worse because they all still look really great. I was hoping some of them would puff out a bit. But that did not take place.”
Off-camera, Seth Green pointed out that he makes an “excellent macaroni casserole” and was willing to swap the recipe.
“I’m so incredibly proud of what we all created,” added Gellar, on a serious note. “Sometimes you need distance to really understand the gravitas of that. I appreciate everything about that job. As an actor, all you ever want to do is leave your mark — you want to do something that affects people.”
Watch the full interview at the top of the page. To read more about Buffy the Vampire Slayer, pick up the new issue of Entertainment Weekly when it hits newsstands on Mar. 31.





CREDIT: James White for EW


/n