Joe Biden Makes First Appearance Since Son's Sordid Affair Scandal/n
Days after approving of his son’s shocking relationship with his daughter-in-law, Joe Biden made his first public appearance in Austin, Texas, on Sunday, speaking at the SXSW festival about his Cancer Moonshot initiative.
“My name is Joe Biden and I am the husband of Jill Biden,” he said. “Jill and I decided to devote the rest of our lives to this fight against cancer. We are driven by a desire to spare other families what our family, and other families, have gone through.”
“We had lost our son [Beau] Memorial Day and I had to put off my bid to seek the presidential bid,” Biden continued. “I did not have the stomach to do it, no one should ever run for presidents of the U.S. unless they are prepared to give every ounce of energy to that undertaking.
PHOTOS: Obama, Biden & Broadway! 7 Shocking Moments From The DNC’s 3rd Night
As Radar reported, the political world was rocked on Wednesday when Page Six revealed that Joe’s married son, Hunter, had been dating Beau’s widow, Hallie Biden.
Hunter has been quietly separated from his wife Kathleen since 2015, the publication claimed. Beau Biden died of cancer on May 30, 2015.
“We are all lucky that Hunter and Hallie found each other as they were putting their lives together again after such sadness. They have mine and Jill’s full and complete support and we are happy for them,” Joe said in an official statement.
PHOTOS: Cast Feuds, Momager Fights & An Illicit Love Affair –– The 10 Most Shocking Secrets & Scandals From TV Favorite ‘Home Improvement’
Meanwhile, Hunter, who is a lawyer, has released his own statement regarding the new relationship: “Hallie and I are incredibly lucky to have found the love and support we have for each other in such a difficult time, and that’s been obvious to the people who love us most. We’ve been so lucky to have family and friends who have supported us every step of the way.”
When reached by Radar, Kathleen‘s brother, John Buhle, just laughed at a request for comment! A giggling Buhle told Radar, “I’m sorry I don’t have [a comment]. Thanks for calling!”
Joe first revealed Beau’s death ruined the thought of running for president last summer.
“No one should ever seek the presidency unless they’re able to devote their whole heart and soul and passion into just doing that,” he told ABC News. “Beau was my soul. I just wasn’t ready to be able to do that. My one regret is my Beau’s not here. I don’t have any other regrets.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n