5 Celebrity-Inspired Thanksgiving Menus Featuring Recipes to Use Throughout the Holidays/n





                    Eat Like a Kardashian This Thanksgiving
                







Here's how.

 MORE >>





So you want to have a Thanksgiving that’s as appealing as Chrissy Teigen’s, but don’t know where to start. We think that we can help.

Ahead of Thanksgiving, we’ve assembled five seasonal menus based on the palates of the foremost tastemakers in pop culture and food, including our favorite Cravings author, Lady Gaga, kale queen Gwyneth Paltrow, star-crossed co-hosts Martha Stewart and Snoop Dogg, and Khloé Kardashian. These lineups can be mixed and matched as you so please and can be utilized at any holiday meal, including a potluck Friendsgiving, but let’s begin by breaking down Gaga’s.
A Joanne Thanksgiving:





This holiday menu, featuring Italian-inspired cuisine and vibrant seasonal ingredients, is based on Gaga’s heritage and the food that is served at Joanne Trattoria, her father’s restaurant in New York City. Make Cranberry Apple Cider Sangria using Ecco Domani Merlot for your Pinot Grigio Girls to lead into your first bite of Creamed Kale Toasts with your antipasto course. A warm, flavorful primo piatto of Sweet Potato Gnocchi with Maple Cinnamon Sage Brown Butter is an aromatic crowd-pleaser that will have your guests asking for seconds before the main course even begins, and we can attest to this as we cooked it on Facebook Live. Jump below the menu to watch our live gnocchi demo, but first, consider breaking down your Thanksgiving turkey into parts (as suggested to us by Carla Hall) and cooking it Scarpariello style with rosemary, peppers, and a tangy lemon sauce. To finish, unbutton your pants just a little to make room for this Nutella Crepe Cake, similar to the Nutellasagna at Joanne Trattoria, kiss the person next to you, and say, “Mamma mia. We survived after all.”





The goop-giving





This is a vegetarian menu that’s based on the clean flavors that are celebrated by Gwyneth Paltrow’s lifestyle brand, goop. It begins with goop’s Pom Pom cocktail, which can easily be made without any alcohol, and then segues into their light Carrots & Brussels Sprout Salad (omit the feta cheese and replace it with walnuts to make it lactose-free). The first course is a grain-free Cauliflower and Spinach “Risotto” that can be made with or without a poached egg on top, depending on whether it’s used as a side dish or a main entrée. The power player of this menu is Butternut Squash and Mushroom Wellington that’s wholesome and meaty without containing any meat at all. Dessert is a Dairy-Free Vanilla Ice Cream from Jamie Oliver, topped with Gluten-Free Fennel Honey Granola and a Warm Ginger-Pear Topping. Wash it all down with a Turmeric Tonic the night of or the morning after your big meal and you’ll be thankful for your lack of indigestion after the fact.
A Chrissy Teigen Thanksgiving





If Chef Teigen is your culinary queen, this menu was made for you. Kick it off with a robust Holiday Mule that combines gin, ginger beer, and cranberry juice before diving into Teigen’s Roasted Cauliflower, Feta, & Orzo Salad from her first cookbook, Cravings. Your main course is a King’s Feast Carbonnade a Flamande by Chef Bart Vandaele for Stella Artois from her cooking class in New York City, which you can watch on our Facebook page. Serve this short rib dish with Chrissy’s Smashed Potatoes with Roasted Garlic, also from her cookbook, and deliver Chrissy pie justice after her most unfortunate Postmates experience with this (Not Cake) Cherry Pie. Find yourself a John Legend or a @pepperthai2, and your menu is complete! Watch us make Chrissy’s Roasted Cauliflower, Feta, & Orzo Salad on Facebook Live, below.


The Martha & Snoop-giving





Ah, the pairing that you never really considered until it was presented to you by VH1. This Martha Stewart and Snoop Dogg-influenced menu rethinks the classics, beginning with an unexpected Blackberry Bourbon Fizz, an Appetizer Salad with Green Goddess Dressing, and a Winter Vegetable Hominy Hash en Croute that pairs well with Deep-Fried Turkey, whose preparation adds a punch of crisp flavor to the old-school entrée It’s also one of Martha’s many favorite ways to dress up her bird. Sweeten your taste buds with Pumpkin Blondies, since, after Thanksgiving, it’s on to peppermint-flavored everything until January.
Khloé Kardashian’s “Good American” Thanksgiving





Based on the name of her denim line, we curated this fall menu using recipes from Khloé’s website and app, Khloé with a K. Sip on a Juicy Pear Martini before serving your Thanksgiving version of a Kardashian salad; Celery Fennel Salad from Bon Appétit. Go on another non-conventional turkey route by cooking Khloé’s Healthy Turkey Chili along with her Roasted Butternut Squash. For dessert, watch this video on her website to learn how to make her favorite Mouthwatering Monkey Bread.
Listen to our Celebuzz’d podcast interview Carla Hall from The Chew and Lorraine Pascale from Worst Bakers in America here or listen to our chat with Top Chef’s Gail Simmons for more Thanksgiving recipes and kitchen hacks in the player below.

/n