'Pathological Liar!' Hillary CAUGHT In FBI Fib/n
Hillary Clinton attempted to cover-up the FBI’s revelations on her email scandal, but fact-checkers revealed the Democratic nominee was again lying.
The presidential candidate appeared on Fox News Sunday this weekend and was grilled on her email scandal by host Chris Wallace.
Wallace said, “After a long investigation, FBI director James Comey said none of those things that you told the American public were true.”
PHOTOS: J Lo, Leo, Housewives & More! The Stars Turn Out For Hillary Clinton Fundraiser
But Clinton insisted that’s not what she heard. “Director Comey said that my answers were truthful and what I’ve said is consistent with what I have told the American people, that there were decisions discussed and made to classify retroactively certain of the emails,” she said.
What Comey actually said was that Clinton was “extremely careless” and that she left her email vulnerable to be easily hacked.
“Although we did not find clear evidence that Secretary Clinton or her colleagues intended to violate laws governing the handling of classified information, there is evidence that they were extremely careless in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information,” Comey said.
PHOTOS: Donald Trump Sweeps, Hillary Clinton Slams—The Biggest Moments From Last Night
The Washington Post dissected Clinton’s Fox News interview writing, “Clinton is cherry-picking statements by Comey to preserve her narrative about the unusual setup of a private email server. This allows her to skate past the more disturbing findings of the FBI investigation.”
During his testimony before a House committee, Comey even admitted that it was “not true” that nothing Clinton received or sent was classified. He clarified that “there was classified material emailed.”
When claiming that Comey said her answers were “truthful,” Clinton twisted the words Comey used during the hearing, which were, “We have no basis to conclude she lied to the FBI.”
PHOTOS: 10 Shocking Revelations From Hillary Clinton’s Latest Email Leak
In response to The Washington Post‘s fact checking, Donald Trump tweeted that the paper “calls out #CrookedHillary for what she REALLY is. A PATHOLOGICAL LIAR! Watch that nose grow!” Underneath his caption he attached a gif of Clinton’s nose growing exponentially, like Pinocchio. /n