Is Teresa Giudice Cheating on Her Husband?/n
It’s that time of the week again when the celebrity weeklies hit the newsstands. To separate what’s real and rumor, we turned to our friends at Gossip Cop for the 411 on this week’s most controversial stories.

Teresa Giudice is “cheating” on her husband Joe, who’s currently behind bars, reports Us Weekly. The magazine says the Real Housewives of New Jersey star is dating “a New Jersey businessman” and “sexting him all the time.” For the inside scoop on her new romance and when she’ll divorce Joe, see what Teresa’s lawyer reveals to Gossip Cop.
Blake Shelton performed “Every Time I Hear That Song” at the CMT Music Awards as a “tribute” to Miranda Lambert, reports Life & Style. The publication notes it was “really uncomfortable” for his ex-wife, who was sitting with her boyfriend Anderson East. Still, Lambert was “touched.” For what Shelton had hoped would happen by singing that song, see what an insider tells Gossip Cop.
Miley Cyrus has recruited Vanessa Hudgens to help in her feud with Selena Gomez, reports OK!. The magazine reveals the two recently bonded at the at the Billboard Music Awards over their “dislike of Selena.” For why they both hate Gomez and what they plan to do to her, see what even Cyrus’s rep admits to Gossip Cop.
“Wedding bells” will soon be ringing for Sandra Bullock and boyfriend Bryan Randall, reports OK!  The publication says they’re marrying at her Jackson Hole home, with kids Louis and Laila serving as the ring bearer and flower girl, and celebrities, including Jennifer Aniston and George Clooney, are set to attend. For more details about Bullock’s wedding, go to Gossip Cop.
Jennifer Lopez had an “epic confrontation” with Alex Rodriguez after it emerged he’s been cheating on her with his ex-girlfriend Lauren Hunter, reports the National Enquirer. The magazine reveals that when she “attacked” him, Rodriguez “denied” being unfaithful, but Lopez didn’t believe him. For what she told Rodriguez as she “sent him packing,” see what a Lopez confidante spills to Gossip Cop.
/n