One Direction’s Louis Tomlinson Makes Up with Zayn Malik to Fulfill Late Mom’s Dying Wish/n





                    Zayn Malik and Niall Horan Had a Totally Awkward Encounter at the 2016 American Music Awards
                







You can cut the tension with a knife. 

 MORE >>










                    Zayn Malik Says He's "Not Talking on Friend Terms" With Louis Tomlinson
                







Ouch!

 MORE >>





Louis Tomlinson has no bad blood with Zayn Malik anymore.

The two have reconciled per the final wishes of the One Direction singer’s late mother, Johannah Deakin. According to the “Back to You” crooner, he met up with his former bandmate to settle their feud following Zayn’s 2015 exit from the pop group.
“My mum said, ‘You’ve got to get back in contact with Zayn. Life’s too f**king short,'” Louis told The Sun. “My mum always knew what I was feeling and what I wanted.”
Explaining he “can’t stand to hold a grudge with anyone” anymore, the 25-year-old added his mom, who passed away last December at the age of 42 after a long battle with leukemia, helped him understand the importance of keeping close ties with loved ones. “It doesn’t sit with me right,” he said.


One Direction's Best Bromance Moments








































14 Photos »


Louis also admitted Zayn’s departure affected him the most, saying, “Zayn was always good for me in the band because he was my go-to if I wanted to piss around, lark around. I could always break the rules a little bit with Zayn.”
A feud between the two came to light when Zayn blasted Louis for attacking pal Naughty Boy just months after he had left the band, tweeting, “@Louis_Tomlinson remember when you had a life and stopped making bitchy comments about mine?” In 2016, Zayn told NME he was only in contact with Liam Payne.
“I tried to have contact but nobody’s reached out,” he said, referring to Louis, Harry Styles and Niall Horan. “So… whatever.”


10 Things to Know About One Direction's Louis Tomlinson








































10 Photos »


/n