Jill Duggar Dillard Gives Birth To Second Baby In Another C-Section/n
The Duggar clan just got larger—again!
Jill Duggar Dillard has given birth to her second child, a son by husband Derick Dillard and the Duggar family announced the happy news on their website.  But she had to endure a C-section again.
The two have named the boy Samuel Scott Dillard.
PHOTOS: Hostile Takeover! ’19 Kids And Counting’ Star Jill Duggar’s Facebook Account Hacked By Raunchy Pranksters — 12 Hilarious Posts
“We are excited to finally announce the arrival of Samuel Scott Dillard. The newest addition to our family arrived on Saturday, July 8, 2017 at 1:02pm. He weighs 9lb 10oz and is 22″ long. After 40 hours of labor, he was delivered via C-section at the hospital. Thank you for your continued prayers and support!” the Duggar family website reported. They included a shot of a boy’s baby boots.
Jill, 26, had her first child with Derick, son Israel, 2, in April 2015. In December, they told fans they were expecting again and the next month, revealed they were going to have another boy.
“We know a second sweet baby will only continue to add joy to our family,” Jill had gushed to PEOPLE recently.
PHOTOS: Jill Duggar & Derick Dillard Share First Baby Israel Photo Album –– 7 Too Cute Snaps REVEALED!
As Radar readers know, ultra-religious Jill’s first birth was chaotic as she wanted to have a home birth but was rushed to the hospital after scary complications, and had an emergency C-section.
Jill revealed the difficult first baby birth  on the family reality show. Previously known as 19 Kids And Counting, the show was cancelled amid the molestation scandal involving Jill’s brother Josh Duggar.
In the wake of the news that Josh had allegedly touched his sisters inappropriately,  TLC cancelled the Duggars’ show. But the network has since brought it back titled Counting On and focusing on Jill and her sister Jessa, who is also married and had a boy with husband Ben Seewald.
PHOTOS: Jill Duggar Dillard Gets Ready For Her Due Date
Jill now has two sons via C-section. Although she earlier told PEOPLE, “There’s a level of ease that comes with your second pregnancy,” the home birth enthusiast who has studied to be a midwife once again went to the hospital to give birth.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n