Ian Somerhalder Doesn’t Actually Know If ‘Vampire Diaries’ Is Ending After Season 8 or Not/n





                    Kat Graham Is Leaving 'The Vampire Diaries' After Season 8
                







Bad news for fans of Bonnie.

 MORE >>





Ian Somerhalder is backtracking a bit on some comments he made about The Vampire Diaries ending after Season 8 concludes in 2017...but does this perhaps hint that he’s leaving the show?

The handsome actor took to Twitter to clear up what he meant when he said “We have decided to do one last season to really do the story justice” last weekend at a fan event, blaming it on “end-of-season foggy brain.”


Ian Somerhalder and Nikki Reed Attend WE Day California	








































8 Photos »


“Last weekend I talked to an audience at a Q&A about the end of #TVD and how excited I was to make what I believe — my last year — be as great as possible,” he started off saying in a TwitPlus post. He continued:
Somehow in my infinite wisdom and end-of-season foggy brain, I managed to make it sound like the show was coming to an end. Cut-to the press running stories that the show would be done after Season 8. Thing is, the people who actually make that decision (the CW and WB) haven’t made it yet! So let’s take things one step at a time: Season 7 wrap, vacation, lots of sleep, let the writers get started on Season 8, and then we’ll all see where we go from there. Until then, much love ;)
Love, Ian
So while Vampire Diaries may or may not be continuing on with Season 9, it does sorta kinda sound like Somerhalder might be following in Kat Graham’s footsteps and leaving the show after Season 8, no? He hasn’t yet broached the subject of whether he’ll be staying or not, so this is just speculation.

Hey all, so… Last weekend I talked to an audience at a Q&A about the end of #TVD and how excited I was to make… https://t.co/mOzco9aFZb
— Ian Somerhalder (@iansomerhalder) April 14, 2016



Ian Somerhalder and Nikki Reed's Wedding Photos	








































6 Photos »


/n