Chris Cornell’s Funeral Plans Revealed/n





                    Chris Cornell's Widow Claims Singer Was 'Different' and 'Slurring His Words' Before Death
                







This is just heartbreaking. 

 MORE >>










                    Chris Cornell Dead at 52
                







Rest in peace. 

 MORE >>





Soundgarden frontman Chris Cornell will be laid to rest this Friday in a private ceremony at the Hollywood Forever Cemetery.

The funeral will be held for close loved ones, though sources tell CNN Cornell’s family is “thinking about a (public) memorial for fans, but is coping now with their loss and the funeral service.”
The Cornell family’s attorney Kirk Pasich confirmed the late singer’s body was flown from Detroit — where he passed away from a suicide on May 17 — to Los Angeles on Sunday.
Since the musician’s death, artists ranging from Aerosmith to U2 took the time to pay their respects to the grunge music icon. The Rock on the Range Festival, where Soundgarden was scheduled to perform two days after Cornell’s body was found, held a tribute featuring Slipknot’s Corey Taylor. Sunday’s Billboard Music Awards also took a moment of silence during its broadcast.








@robtrujillo plays @soundgarden’s Black Hole Sun in memory of Chris Cornell. #Metallica #WorldWired #MetInBoston
A post shared by Metallica (@metallica) on May 19, 2017 at 10:09pm PDT























In a statement released by Cornell’s widow, she speculated her husband’s anxiety medication may have triggered the suicide. “When we spoke after the show, I noticed he was slurring his words; he was different. When he told me he may have taken an extra Ativan or two, I contacted security and asked that they check on him,” she recalled.
According to a police report obtained by the Detroit News, Cornell was found unresponsive in his bathroom at the MGM Grand hotel by his bodyguard, Martin Kirsten, shortly after a Soundgarden concert at the Fox Theatre Thursday night. Cornell had a red exercise band wrapped around his neck, which led the coroner to rule the death as a suicide by hanging.
Cornell was 52.


Chris Cornell: A Life in Photos








































17 Photos »


/n