Paul Walker’s Friends and Co-Stars Honor the Late Actor Three Years After His Death /n





                    WATCH: Dwayne Johnson and Lin-Manuel Miranda’s ‘Millennials: The Musical’ 
                







Who knows how this little project got started...

 MORE >>





It’s been three years since Paul Walker and his close friend Roger Rodas tragically died in a car accident while going for a ride in Rodas’ 2005 Porsche Carrera GT in Santa Clarita, CA. The anniversary has been met with an outpouring of remembrances from fans across social media as well some tributes from people who knew the actor best: his co-stars in the Fast and Furious films.

“This week is always rough for those of us who really knew him personally 14 years of laugher, hugs and love literally one of the nicest people on HUMAN FEET!!!!” Tyrese Gibson captioned a touching montage dedicated to his friend. “Nov 30th we lost an angel! Paul treated everyone with the upmost respect and went out of his way to make everyone feel like they mattered…… I love and I miss you dearly.”



This week is always rough for those of us who really knew him personally 14 years of laugher, hugs and love literally one of the nicest people on HUMAN FEET!!!! Nov 30th we lost an angel! Paul treated everyone with the upmost respect and went out of his way to make everyone feel like they mattered…… I love and I miss you dearly /. We simply ask of you prayer warriors around the world pray for his daughter our niece Meadow Walker and his dear brothers CODY and Caleb and parents and his Besty named Roland and Brandon who were literally with him everyday!!!!!! May God rest your soul we hope we make you proud everyday!!!!! RIH ( rest in heaven )….. P-Dubber!!!!
A video posted by TYRESE (@tyrese) on Nov 29, 2016 at 7:14pm PST



Vin Diesel subtly remembered his fallen friend with a new cover photo on his Facebook page featuring Walker alongside Diesel, whose hands are clasped in prayer. 
Ludacris and Jordana Brewster also offered tributes on social media. The rapper wrote, “Gone but never forgotten” with a still of Walker from the beloved franchise featuring the words “Always in our hearts.”



Gone but never forgotten. #love
A photo posted by @ludacris on Nov 30, 2016 at 5:30am PST



“I miss you and I love you every single day,” Brewster captioned a tweet featuring a cute candid of herself and the deceased action star.

I miss you and I love you every single day #paulwalkerforever pic.twitter.com/ZxD8FekX6O
— Jordana Brewster (@JordanaBrewster) November 30, 2016

Paul Walker was 40 years old at the time of his death.


Paul Walker As a Blond-Haired, Blue-Eyed Teenager


































5 Photos »


/n