‘Real Housewives of Miami’ Recap: Joanna Krupa Serves Up the Club Drama/n





                    'RHOM' Text War
                







Who's texting whose man?

 MORE >>










                    'RHOM's' Joanna and Lea
                







The stars talk new housewives and cat fights. Watch!

 MORE >>





 A night of celebration leads to tears and a screeching match on Thursday’s episode of Bravo’s The Real Housewives of Miami.
Note: Spoilers ahead if you haven’t watched Thursday’s episode, “A Mynt Meltdown.”
What happens when you mix alcohol, a dramatic model and her sister’s ex? Just another night in Joanna Krupa’s world. The Dancing With the Stars alum and newest housewife acted a plum fool at her fiancé Romain Zago’s celebration of his nightclub Mynt’s 10-year anniversary.


joanna krupa makes washing one's car an art form








































10 Photos »


Joanna became incensed when she spotted her sister Marta’s ex-boyfriend spinning at the club. The fact that Marta was over her former lover’s infidelities didn’t stop catwalk diva Joana from being peeved at the DJ!
Joanna shrieked to Romain her disdain for his employee, while overlooking fellow housewife Adriana De Moura’s blatant flirting with Joanna’s hubby-to-be. Adriana, along with Karent Sierra, Ana Quincoces, Lea Black, Lisa Hotchstein and Marysol Patton, all looked on as the two lovebirds squabbled in the middle of the club. Joanna’s night took a turn for the worse when her sister lashed out at her, and Romain acidly remarking Marta should steer her love life away from his night club. So much for defending your loved one’s honor, huh?
 


'REal Housewives' of Heartbreak city








































17 Photos »


Buzz Moments
OMG!: Lea’s housekeeper Freda having her own driver and housekeepers! If that is what working for Lea means, I need to fill out an application.
Thank you, TV gods.: Lea and Karent  pulling Joanna to the side and gently chiding her for lashing out publicly at Romain’s big night. Defending your sister is great, but not like that.
Awk-ward: Joanna and Lisa bashing Mama Elsa’s plastic surgery. We know it isn’t good, but it doesn’t need a spotlight on it.
Hotness: The Miami divas at Mynt. They looked spectacular.
Fab-u-lous: Elaine Lancaster, the fab drag queen and Lea’s friend having a show down with Marysol for being snubbed at last year’s charity event. Now that is how you have a face-off in public.
Can. Not. Wait.: I need to see more of Elaine Lancaster! She’s already stealing the show with her frank candor.  The saga between Karent/Rodolfo Jiménez/Ana returns.
Celebuzz Meter (1-10): 6
Was Joanna right to voice her hostility about Marta’s ex in such a public forum? Sound off below!
– Jillian Bowe
Joanna Krupa stops by Celebuzz’s The Daily Buzz. Tune in live for the pop culture news show every weekday at 1:30 PT.
/n