Jojo Honors Her Late Father with Emotional Tribute and National Anthem Performance/n





                    JoJo is Back with New Music 
                







Oh how we have missed you JoJo!

 MORE >>





Jojo sadly announced on Saturday (Nov. 14) that her father Joel Levesque died earlier that day at the age of 60.

In his honor, yesterday she revealed she would be singing the national anthem:
Today I will be singing the national anthem to honor my dad. He was a disabled veteran. I wish he was here with me today. He would have cried. I will be crying because I miss him already. We all thought it would happen eventually… But now that it’s happened, I can’t believe this is real life. #RIPJoel #GodblessAmerica #GodblessFrance and may God help us all to love and understand each other better. To lead with compassion and live in peace on this one planet we are entrusted with.



Today I will be singing the national anthem to honor my dad. He was a disabled veteran. I wish he was here with me today. He would have cried. I will be crying because I miss him already. We all thought it would happen eventually… But now that it’s happened, I can’t believe this is real life. #RIPJoel #GodblessAmerica #GodblessFrance and may God help us all to love and understand each other better. To lead with compassion and live in peace on this one planet we are entrusted with.
A photo posted by JoJo (@iamjojo) on Nov 15, 2015 at 9:15am PST





Jojo at the 2011 VMAs	




























4 Photos »


She then posted videos of her moving performance:



Lord thank you for the strength. Dad thank you for keeping your hand on my heart.
A video posted by JoJo (@iamjojo) on Nov 16, 2015 at 8:07am PST






A video posted by JoJo (@iamjojo) on Nov 16, 2015 at 8:09am PST


On Nov. 14, she posted an emotional note on Instagram announcing the news:

I missed you even while you were here. I will miss you infinitely more now that you’re gone. Thank you for holding on as long as you did. I know you tried your best. You are free now. I will love you always, Dad. I can feel you with me. Rest now. In PEACE. I miss your voice. I wish more people could have heard it. I promise I will keep singing for you. Joel Maurice Levesque. January 8, 1955- November 14, 2015.




I missed you even while you were here. I will miss you infinitely more now that you’re gone. Thank you for holding on as long as you did. I know you tried your best. You are free now. I will love you always, Dad. I can feel you with me. Rest now. In PEACE. I miss your voice. I wish more people could have heard it. I promise I will keep singing for you. Joel Maurice Levesque. January 8, 1955- November 14, 2015.
A photo posted by JoJo (@iamjojo) on Nov 14, 2015 at 11:17am PST



The singer-actress had just released her comeback EP in August. Her three new singles come nearly a decade after the release of her sophomore album, The High Road. 
Thinking of Jojo during this difficult time.


JoJo's Hottest Red Carpet Looks	








































17 Photos »


/n