Prince Harry Parties With Bikini-Clad Babes in Las Vegas (PHOTOS)/n





                    Prince Harry Plays Polo 
                







Harry works up a sweat for charity.

 MORE >>










                    Prince Harry Parties
                







Prince Harry spotted clubbing in London. 

 MORE >>





Prince Harry made quite a splash in Las Vegas over the weekend: the red-haired royal partied poolside with a few of his friends — and plenty of bikini-clad girls —  at the MGM Grand Hotel and Casino.
The 27-year-old, wearing a pair of red floral swim trunks, a white fedora and sunglasses, attended Saturday’s Wet Republic party alongside singer and ex-American Idol judge, Jennifer Lopez. The prince and his mates, however, kept to their private VIP bungalow.
But they had plenty of company to keep them entertained. Find out who after the jump.

The royal struck up conversations with a few bikini-clad ladies, but People reports the prince — and third in line for the throne — kept things gentlemanly.
“A few groups of women approached him throughout the day, and he talked to them briefly, but he didn’t really center his attention on anyone,” one onlooker said. “He definitely loved the attention, but he looked to be a gentleman with all the women.”
Harry reportedly dated Saturdays singer Mollie King in April, but the romance has since fizzled.


Prince Harry's Rumored ex, mollie king








































20 Photos »


The Daily Beast reports that the prince spent the rest of his day drinking Grey Goose vodka and cranberry juice, and messing around in the pool with a giant inflatable beach ball.
On Sunday, the Brit sipped more vodka drinks and lounged on a red couch in front of his VIP bungalow at the Encore Beach Club pool party in Sin City. He reportedly had a bit of fun with his onlookers.
“He blew up a few inflatable beach balls and playfully threw them at a few women close by,” one source told People. “Most the women returned the favor, and most didn’t realize who he was.”

video platformvideo managementvideo solutionsvideo player
/n