Will Trump Chief Of Staff Fall On His Sword? 'Dozen' Leakers Blame Reince Priebus/n
Donald Trump‘s presidency has been at the center of controversy almost two months after he entered the White House, but administration officials claim the blame is being put on chief of staff Reince Priebus.
“There’s a real frustration among many — including from the president — that things aren’t going as smoothly as one had hoped,” a White House administration official told Politico. “Reince, fairly or not, is likely to take the blame and take the fault for that.”
Insiders have accused Priebus of blocking staffers’ access to Trump, working to fill the administration with his political allies and holding unorganized morning staff meetings.
“It’s sheer incompetence,” another source said. “There’s a lack of management, and a lack of strategy.”
PHOTOS: EXPOSED! Malik Obama Campaigning For Donald Trump After Announcing Endorsement
Aides claimed they have been unhappy with the daily 8 a.m. senior staff meeting, where department heads give brief updates on what they’re working on.
“No one says anything of relevance,” one senior staffer said. “People are more than happy to schedule a breakfast and send their deputy now.”
Staffers claim Priebus, 44, blocks their communication with Trump, as he says they need to go through him to talk to the president. That especially includes people he’s clashed with, such as former campaign manager Corey Lewandowski.
Insiders allege Priebus has been filling the administration with those who have been loyal to him, such as Republicans he became close with during his Republican National Committee chairmanship.
PHOTOS: Donald Trump Sweeps, Hillary Clinton Slams—The Biggest Moments From Last Night
But Priebus doesn’t have to worry about a staff shakeup, as senior officials claim President Trump, 70, doesn’t plan to replace his chief of staff in the near future.
“We’re implementing President Trump’s agenda in record time and fulfilling one campaign promise after another,” chief strategist Stephen Bannon said in a statement. “That shows you what a great job Reince is doing.”
Trump’s son-in-law and senior advisor Jared Kushner added in a second statement that Priebus “continues to be a strong and effective leader.”
Despite denying that Priebus could be replaced, he didn’t accompany Trump on his trip to Florida this weekend. The snub left may wondering if he is on the outs with his chief of staff. But White House officials claimed it was a “mutual decision” for him to remain in Washington.
PHOTOS: President Trump Makes Plans To Bond With The Queen Over A Round Of Golf
“I think the president is starting to figure it out,” an insider said. “Slowly but surely.”
The latest controversy happened on Saturday when Trump accused former president Barack Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower phone lines over Twitter.
Priebus has claimed that because he can’t control what Trump says, he is constantly in damage-control mode.
Do you think President Trump will let him go? Tell us in the comments.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n