O.J. Simpson Could Walk Free This Year/n
O.J. Simpson is reportedly set to walk free from prison exactly nine years into his 33-year sentence.
The former football legend, 69–who was acquitted in 1995 of the brutal stabbing murders of his ex-wife Nicole Brown and her friend Ron Goldman —was convicted in 2008 on armed robbery and other charges. Simpson was sentenced to 33 years imprisonment, with a minimum of nine years without parole at the Lovelock Correctional Center in Lovelock, Nevada.
A parole board, which is scheduled to meet the week of July 3, just before Simpson’s 70th birthday, is expected to recommend his release, based on good behavior, the report says.
PHOTOS: Cuba Gooding Channels O.J. Simpson On ‘American Crime Story’ Set In L.A. –– 10 New Shocking Shots From Filming
According to experts, the board will vote to release the fallen sports star at the earliest possible date of October 3.
That would be nine years to the day after Simpson was sentenced for various charges, including armed robbery and kidnapping.
In 1995, Simpson was sensationally cleared in what was called “The Trial of the Century.” But as a result of a botched 2007 robbery in Las Vegas, he wound up in trouble with the law again.
PHOTOS: TV Show Of The Century? It’s Selma Blair As Kris Jenner, David Schwimmer As Robert Kardashian & More On Set For ‘American Crime Story: The People V. OJ Simpson’
According to the Express, an ex-business partner of Simpson’s who has visited him said, “He’s convinced he’ll be coming out this fall and is counting down the days to his hearing like a kid waiting for Christmas.”
According to sources, the former Heisman trophy winner has suffered such medical woes as diabetes and a severe bone infection while in prison.
And as Radar has reported, Simpson has had a very hard time there. A source said the incarcerated athlete has lost control of his bodily functions and must wear adult diapers!
PHOTOS: O.J.’s Daughter Living Like A Recluse, Drinking Away Her Pain After Mom’s Murder
According to letters from the star’s prison buddy Vernon Nelson to Radar, fellow inmates nicknamed him “Stinky,” and refused to share a cell with him.
But in October, the Juice could be free as a bird—and on the loose again!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n