Farrah Slams 'Fame Whore' Ex-Boyfriend Simon After He Leaves 'Teen Mom'/n
Farrah Abraham‘s ex-boyfriend Simon Saran is leaving Teen Mom OG with a bang! After revealing that he’s leaving the MTV series, he got into an explosive fight with Abraham.
With Abraham currently filming for the new dating show Single AF, Saran tweeted that the network wasted money sending her to locations from Australia to England to find love.
“FYI Simon is not in my life and really is hurt I’ve moved on,” she responded. “Free ride is over! Stop talking about me if you’re over me lmao.”
PHOTOS: Farrah Abraham Celebrates 25th Birthday With ‘Teen Mom’ Pal Jenelle Evans
He shot back, “Worst free ride ever!”
She then fired, “Why are you trying to get attention, you’re pathetic & I’m a great mother, professional, friend & women. Go STOP using me for money.”
When he wrote, “What money?” she called him “jealous” and accused him of “stalking” her dates.
PHOTOS: Beach Bum! Farrah Abraham Sizzles In Revealing Thong Bikini
That’s when he accused her of “blowing up” his phone.
“Simon you wanna lie this is you just texting me,” she captioned a screen shot of her asking him to stop harassing her. “Get a life – no one wants your nasty low life style. Your hateful, user, fame whore.”
She ended the fight with, “Thanks 2 me you got your own ‘Being Simon’ special. Simon wants to be on TV so much! F*****g joke! Be thankful not hateful.”
PHOTOS: Farrah Abraham’s Sex Tape ‘Lies’ Exposed At Last!
Saran tweeted that his upcoming Being Simon special will be the last time fans will see him on TMOG.
Saran has had a tumultuous relationship with Abraham over the years, as she fought with him when she purchased an engagement ring that he refused to pay for.
Although they have remained friends, they officially broke ties when she began filming for the dating show.
Do you think Saran is done with the show for good? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n