Kristen Stewart Is a Beauty for Karl Lagerfeld’s ‘Mademoiselle Privé’ Exhibition/n





                    Kristen Stewart Opens Up About First Love, Heartbreak, and 'Cathartic' Role in 'Equals'
                







K-Stew on R-Patz

 MORE >>





Chanel campaign model Kristen Stewart is a vision in this new behind-the-scenes video from Karl Lagerfeld’s photoshoot for Chanel’s “Bijoux de Diamants” collection, which will be featured in his newest Saatchi Gallery exhibition entitled “Mademoiselle Privé.”

Featuring Keira Knightley, Julianne Moore, Lily Rose-Depp, Vanessa Paradis and Stella Tennant in addition to Stewart, the actresses share their thoughts about the eponymous fashion designer at the helm of Chanel and Fendi.


Kristen Stewart For Chanel Eyewear 








































7 Photos »


Stewart commented:
I’m sure that as an artist Karl works instinctively and compulsively in the same way that he does in all of his mediums, but really as a photographer, there’s such a naturalism.
Once he sees something, you can be done in five minutes, and you don’t even realize that you’ve just finished the entire thing, because he just knows sort of exactly what he wants.
On Chanel and Lagerfeld’s qualities of understated femininity, she also added, “[It’s] the true strength of a woman. It’s not about being loud or in your face, it’s about being subdued and knowing.”

Kristen Stewart and #MademoisellePrive. More information on http://t.co/kXal9subH9 https://t.co/T5V0Yt7AJN
— CHANEL (@CHANEL) September 28, 2015

The actress walked in Chanel’s autumn/winter 2015 haute couture show back in July, is featured in Chanel’s eyewear campaign and will star in Lagerfeld’s movie, which is reportedly conceived to be “a behind-the-scenes look at a biopic in the making about founder Gabrielle Chanel.” The Chanel movie will premiere at the Métiers d’Arts show on Dec. 1 in Rome.


Kristen Stewart Arrives at Cesar Awards in Paris, Where She Made History Winning Best Supporting Actress	








































12 Photos »


Knightley describes the collection as both “timeless and modern at the same time” and praises the “magic of Chanel,” while Moore commended Chanel for being “a perfect blend of modernity and classicism.”
“Mademoiselle Privé” is described as “a journey through the origins of CHANEL’s creations capturing the charismatic personality and irreverent spirit of Mademoiselle Chanel and Karl Lagerfeld.”
The “Mademoiselle Privé” exhibition will highlight the Haute Couture, the re-editions of the High Jewellery “Bijoux de Diamants” collection created in 1932 and CHANEL N°5. Opening the doors to reveal a dazzling experience and immersion into the origins of CHANEL’s creations, “Mademoiselle Privé” will capture the charismatic personality and irreverent spirit of Mademoiselle Chanel and Karl Lagerfeld.
It will run from Oct. 13 October until Nov. 1.

/n