Rep. Weiner’s Wife Huma Abedin Back In Washington, D.C./n
By Neil WoulfeRadar News Director
The pregnant wife of disgraced New York Representative Anthony Weiner returned to the couple’s Washington, DC home early Wednesday.
PHOTOS: Celebs & Sex Addictions
Huma Abedin, who is Secretary of State Hillary Clinton’s Deputy Chief of Staff, had been traveling overseas with her boss when Weiner’s lewd photo scandal first broke.
There’s no word as to when Abedin will be reunited with her husband, who has taken a two-week leave of absence from Congress so that he can seek treatment at an undisclosed facility.
PHOTOS:    Anthony Weiner Goes Out With His Dirty Laundry
Weiner has not revealed exactly what type of treatment he is undergoing, only telling reporters that he will be focusing “on becoming a better husband and healthier person.”
Weiner and Abedin married less than a year ago in a lavish ceremony officiated by former President Bill Clinton.
Meanwhile, calls are growing this week for the Congressman — who represents New York’s 9th Congressional District —  to step down from office.
PHOTOS:      Top Celebrity Sex Scandals
On Tuesday, fellow Democrat Rep. Carolyn McCarthy suggested Weiner’s resignation was imminent.
“It’s been what two weeks. It’s been a very long two weeks,” said McCarthy. “Hopefully, we are hearing he might resign in a couple of days.”
Even President Obama has weighed in on ‘Weinergate,’ suggesting that he too feels the embattled Congressman should resign.
PHOTOS:      Hollywood’s Power Couples
He was first elected to  The U.S. House of Representatives  in the  mid-term elections in 1998, filling the seat previously occupied by Democrat Charles Schumer who successfully ran for the U.S. Senate that same year.
Weiner unsuccessfully ran for Mayor of New York City in 2005, and has been rumored to have his eye on one day running for the office again.
 
RELATED STORIES:
Christian Group Stands Behind Cheerleading Coach Who Exchanged Sexual Emails With Rep. Weiner
More   Questions Than Answers When It Comes To ‘Weinergate’ Twitter Scandal 
Wife    Of ‘Shirtless Congressman’ Chris Lee Rushes To His Side /n