Designers Don't Want Anything To Do With The Treasury Secretary's Wife After Instagram Controversy!!/n

The controversy surrounding Donald Trump's Treasury Secretary's wife is continuing to bite her in the butt!
As we previously reported, Steven Mnuchin's wife Louise Linton came under fire earlier this week after bragging about all her designer clothes in an Instagram post showing her getting off a government plane.
To make matters worse, she harshly responded to her critics in the comments, leading her to deleting the post and making her IG private.
Related: Melania Trump Thanks Chelsea Clinton For Standing Up For Barron
Well even with a lame apology, those luxury designers she tagged on social media don't really want anything to do with the 36-year-old actress.
A Valentino spokeswoman told WWD: 
"Louise Linton did not receive any gifted merchandise, compensation or loans from Valentino."
And a Tom Ford spokesperson confirmed she received no free merchandise, and that she absolutely has no affiliation with the brand. Meanwhile, a rep for Roland Mouret declined to comment!
They're sending their message crystal clear.
On top of that, a top fashion insider told Page Six:
"Louise won't be invited to Fashion Week or the big galas. And she certainly won't be appearing in Vogue, if her wedding pictures [with Trump] hadn't already killed her chances with Anna Wintour."
LOLz!
And even the administration can't handle Louise's over-the-top name-dropping, with an insider adding:
"Louise loves the spotlight. At the Inauguration, she looked like a Barbie doll. You would never see Melania [Trump] post a photo of herself striding in front of her husband, name-dropping expensive designer labels, especially on a government trip to discuss tax policy. She needs to exercise more discretion."
Clearly!
The Treasury Department even had to speak to the press, assuring them that Linton was not compensated by the designers. Plus, the Mnuchins promised to reimburse the government for her lavish travel to Kentucky.
You better believe Melania won't be making that mistake!!
P.S. If you missed Louise's since-deleted post, check it out (below):

Treasury Sec. Steve Mnuchin's wife Louise Linton has deleted this Instagram, which contained tagged designers and some interesting comments pic.twitter.com/MvPhPJtRze
— Betsy Klein (@betsy_klein) August 22, 2017

[Image via Jeff Grossman/WENN.]
/n