Mama June’s Estranged Daughter Claims She Underwent Weight-Loss Surgery for Fame/n





                    Mama June Shannon Accused of Wearing a Fat Suit
                







Is she faking it?

 MORE >>





Mama June Shannon’s estranged daughter Anna “Chickadee” Cardwell says the reality TV matriarch underwent gastric bypass surgery to gain clout rather than to shed weight.

Cardwell spoke exclusively with E! News about Mama June, who slimmed down to a size four during the filming of her WE series Mama June: From Not to Hot, and her decision to go under the knife.
“I think she did it just to be more famous,” Cardwell told E!. “I don’t think she did it just for her because she never mentioned anything ever before about getting plastic surgery.”
Cardwell supports this claim with personal experience. She said that Mama June’s manager persuaded her to do the surgery for reality TV because it would be a good way to “get her out there” and promote her brand.
“I think Mama did get herself out there to get another show,” Chickadee added. “That’s my opinion on that. I don’t think she did it or anything for herself. If she would have done it for herself, she would have tried to lose the weight a long time ago.”


Mama June and Sugar Bear's Wedding








































13 Photos »


Though Cardwell doubts that she will ever have her own reality show, she admitted that she misses being on TV.
“I miss it for the money and I miss it for, you know, getting out there—for people just to see my story and stuff like that.”
In 2014, Cardwell claimed that she was molested as a child by Mama June and her then-boyfriend Mark McDaniel. She’s also stated that Mama June owes her and her daughter Kaitlyn nearly “half a million dollars” from filming Here Comes Honey Boo Boo and that she does not speak with her sisters Alana Thompson, Laura Shannon and Jessica Shannon.
I can give two craps about them. They don’t give two craps about me, so why give two craps about them? I mean, yeah, I care about them, they are my sisters,” said Cardwell. “I may not love them like I am supposed to, but I mean, hell, they don’t love me or care about me like they are supposed to.”
/n