Jane Fonda Is Auctioning Off Her Wedding Dress and Opal Engagement Ring from Ex-Husband Ted Turner/n
Tibrina Hobson/Getty
 
Jane Fonda is a fashion icon. How many 78-year-old women can pull off head chains, cutouts and crop tops? (Not many.) And now a few pieces from the actress’s collection are going up for sale in a new auction this September, which includes various art, jewelry, her wedding dress to Ted Turner and, yes, a leotard from her workout video days.
Julien’s Auctions will host the event titled, Property from the Collection of Jane Fonda, on September 23. Most notably, the sale includes her wedding dress and engagement ring from Turner, the cable-television tycoon and CNN founder, which are each estimated to each sell between $2,000-$4,000.
Getty
 
Her gown from their Capps, Florida, ceremony was a high-neck Victorian-inspired long-sleeve dress, while her engagement ring was an opal design set in 18-carat yellow gold between two round diamonds from Tiffany’s in Beverly Hills. Tiffany’s Peter Schneirla told EW that an opal is an “unusual” choice for an engagement ring, except when it is a birthstone, because opals have a long reputation for bringing bad luck.
The pair divorced in 2001 after ten years together and in Fonda’s petition stated that the marriage is “irretrievably broken” and there is “no hope of reconciliation.” In an interview with the New Yorker in 2001, she explained the differences that drew them apart.
“He knew my daughter was having a baby and it would take me away from him. He needs someone to be there one hundred percent of the time,” Fonda shared. “He thinks that’s love. It is not love. It’s babysitting. I didn’t want to tell you this. We went in different directions. I grew up.”
Splash News
 
RELATED VIDEO: What Red Carpet Outfit Does Style Icon Jane Fonda Look Back on and Cringe?

Other items on the auction block include a one-of-a-kind Andy Warhol 1982 pop lithograph of Fonda, estimated between $25,000 and $30,000.

And then there’s the iconic red-and-black striped leotard she wore on the cover of her best-selling Jane Fonda Workout Book in the 1980s, set between $1,000 and $2,000.

RELATED PHOTOS: Jane Fonda’s Cannes Looks Through the Years
There is also the Yves Saint Laurent suit worn to accept her Oscar for Klute in 1971, estimated to sell between $6,000-$8,000, as well as her collection of bespoke Atelier Versace clothing.

What are your thoughts on Fonda’s items up for auction?
— Colleen Kratofil
/n