Season 4. After much anticipation, Kanye West participated in New York Fashion Week Wednesday afternoon when he debuted his latest collection at Roosevelt Island. As the designs were showcased outside in the heat, A-list guests including Tyg.../n
Ladies and gentlemen, may we introduce you to Yeezy Season 4.After much anticipation, Kanye West participated in New York Fashion Week Wednesday afternoon when he debuted his latest collection at Roosevelt Island.As the designs were showcased outside in the heat, A-list guests including Tyga, La La Anthony, Lewis Hamilton and Pharrell Williams had prime seating for the event. Kim Kardashian, Kendall Jenner and Kylie Jenner were also in attendance to support their family member.Unfortunately, some guests on social media reported that one model fainted because of the warm temperatures.The fashion show, streamed live on Tidal, ultimately featured a few familiar faces including Sofia Richie who wore the transparent boots Kim was spotted wearing in New York City earlier in the week.

Teyana Taylor showed off her incredible body once again in a black cut-out top with matching shorts, while Chanel Iman helped close out the show before Kanye came on the runway to wave to attendees.And speaking of Teyana—the amazing dancer from Kanye's "Fade" video everyone is talking about—E! News caught up with her shortly after the MTV VMAs. She dished some details about the craziness that ensued following the release and even answered the one question everyone's been asking: what's her fitness routine?!"Dance! Dancing is my work out," she told us. "It's not really an everyday thing but then again it can be because I could just be out and hear a song and me and my friends will just bust out dancing."She also revealed that she has a fitness DVD coming out soon!As for her diet? She doesn't really have a plan, admitting she often craves burritos with hot sauce and cannot live without Cajun pasta, baked macaroni and cheese and fried chicken.  

Meanwhile, Similar to past fashion shows, Kanye kept details very private until the actual presentation. This season was no different besides a special interview with Vogue magazine."I want to make pieces that can be timeless," he shared with the publication. "Pieces that you can pick up out of a vintage store in 20 years and say, ‘Wow, I'm happy I have this.'"And while you may be hearing the word "fashion" a lot in New York City this week, Kanye likes to use another word to describe his looks."Let's say 'apparel,' especially for the style of clothes I make," he said. "I'm not saying that this is a fashion proposition, I'm saying that this is a human proposition."

—Reporting by Alessandra Mortellaro
/n