Lena Dunham Is 'Ass Out Heart Open' As Nylon's February Cover Star — Talks Trump, Twitter, & MORE!/n

As Girls comes to its final season on February 12, Lena Dunham is preparing for a new era.
Speaking to Nylon, the 30-year-old admits the transition is a bit emotional:
"I had a psychotic moment where I was like, ‘I'm going to become a wildlife rehabilitator and a crystal expert.' My boyfriend [Jack Antonoff] was like, ‘No, you're not.' I'm like, ‘I'm going to rehabilitate squirrels and owls. And I'm going to educate myself so that I can do crystal healings.' He was like ‘Good luck with that.'"
Adding of the finale:
"I'm probably going to have a nervous crying breakdown."
Understandably!
Related: A Journey Through Lena's Apology Tour
Although crystal healing may not be the author's next move per say, Lena says she's focused on dedicating her time to Lenny Letter, her podcast, Women of the Hour — and tackling our current political climate as Donald Trump comes into office (sigh).
Miz Dunham explained: 
"It's going to be interesting promoting this show right after Trump is inaugurated. The final season definitely tackles some topics that are complicated and wouldn't be beloved by the incoming administration. Hopefully it'll bring up important conversations, and not just become the worst Twitter abuse storm in history — or it will."
But the comedian is open to any feedback, as long as a conversation is started:
"The confluence, for me, of the show ending and this new era beginning in which I know that we as public women are going to have to fight harder than we ever have before, is a really interesting, complicated moment. I know I'm never going to have another work experience like this. Eight years of working on a project; it's this living, breathing organism, but it's also the luckiest thing."
Amazing.
Clearly proud of the mag's interview and corresponding photo shoot, the New York native took to Instagram to express her gratitude for the feature — explaining that "for the first time in my career, posing for pictures feels honest and joyful":




For the first time in my career, posing for pictures feels honest and joyful. Maybe that's being 30. Maybe that's demanding to be seen for who I am, teensy stomach moles on pale rounded stomach and all. Thank you beloved @nylonmag for introducing me to so much style and content over the years, and for embracing me in my totality on your cover. I'm feeling v blessed and highly favored- link to story in bio 👅A photo posted by Lena Dunham (@lenadunham) on Jan 11, 2017 at 9:27am PST






It's not just any photog who takes me here. Ass out heart open. Thank you Sylvia Sanchez and Maurio Mongiello! And Sally Lyndley, for anointing me with sacred crystals.A photo posted by Lena Dunham (@lenadunham) on Jan 11, 2017 at 9:31am PST






Fabienne: I was looking at myself in the mirror. Butch: Uh-huh? Fabienne: I wish I had a pot. Butch: You were lookin' in the mirror and you wish you had some pot? Fabienne: A pot. A pot belly. Pot bellies are sexy. Butch: Well you should be happy, ’cause you do. Fabienne: Shut up, Fatso! I don't have a pot! I have a bit of a tummy, like Madonna when she did "Lucky Star," it's not the same thing. Butch: I didn't realize there was a difference between a tummy and a pot belly. Fabienne: The difference is huge. Butch: You want me to have a pot? Fabienne: No. Pot bellies make a man look either oafish, or like a gorilla. But on a woman, a pot belly is very sexy. The rest of you is normal. Normal face, normal legs, normal hips, normal ass, but with a big, perfectly round pot belly. If I had one, I'd wear a tee-shirt two sizes too small to accentuate it. Butch: You think guys would find that attractive? Fabienne: I don't give a damn what men find attractive. It's unfortunate what we find pleasing to the touch and pleasing to the eye is seldom the same. -Pulp FictionA photo posted by Lena Dunham (@lenadunham) on Jan 11, 2017 at 9:34am PST


She looks great!
[Image via Sofia Sanchez and Mauro Mongiello/Nylon.]/n