The Simpsons' Homer and Marge Are Separating—Is Lena Dunham to Blame?! Whoa, there's some major heartbreak coming up on The Simpsons and we're not sure our hearts can handle the pain! Homer and Marge, one of TV's longstan.../n
Whoa, there's some major heartbreak coming up on The Simpsons and we're not sure our hearts can handle the pain!Homer and Marge, one of TV's longstanding married couples (27 seasons long!), are separating this season...andLena Dunham is the one to blame? What the what?!The Simpsons executive producer Al Jean reveals in an interview with Variety that the Girls star is set to make a cameo this season on the animated classic, and she's playing none other than a homewrecker (our words, not his).

"In the premiere, it's discovered after all these years Homer has narcolepsy and it's an incredible strain on the marriage," Jean says. "Homer and Marge legally separate, and Homer falls in love with his pharmacist, who's voiced by Lena Dunham. We'll have cameos from the other women from Girls." And here come the tears. We thought this was supposed to be a comedy?!But turn those frowns upside down, because season 27 is going to have a ton of incredible guest stars showing up for hilarious cameos."We have an episode coming up where Lisa befriends a homeless woman who turns out to be an incredible singer. The woman's voiced by Kate McKinnon, but the singing is done by Natalie Maines," Jean says. "In another episode, Spider Pig makes his return. Sideshow Bob appears in a segment, and we finally see him do something he's wanted to do for 25 years. And we have an episode based on the film Boyhood. It's a flashback/flashforward about Bart. We go to various points in his life and his life to come which I think came out really well."

And lest you forget, we're about to have another huge presidential election. You can bet that The Simpsons is not going to let that go by without comment."We're definitely going to have Homer vote in 2016," Jean says. "One aspect of the pickup that made me happy is that Homer can vote again. He voted for Romney in 2012 because he invented Obamacare. He tried to vote for Obama in 2008 but all his votes went to McCain. We're not sure who the candidates are yet, but whatever he wants it's not going to happen."The Simpsons season 27 premieres this fall on Fox.
/n