The 15 Days of Celebmas: I.V. Doc/n
Happy holidays and welcome to Celebuzz’s 15 Days of Celebmas gift guide and giveaway!
We are featuring 15 unique products and services that we think would be perfect holiday gifts and we are giving ALL of them away to one lucky winner. Each day we will be highlighting one of the items in our guide, and then at the end of the 15 days (December 15, 2016) we will be choosing one lucky reader who will win all 15 gifts! Details on how to enter to win are at the bottom of the article.


The 15 Days of Celebmas








































15 Photos »



Today we are featuring an I.V. Doc ($100 gift card)!





I.V. Doc is an in-home luxury hydration service. Basically, if you’re sporting a killing hangover, or are jet lagged, sick, or want to look amazing for a big event, they’ll come to your house and put an IV in your arm to provide fluids, electrolytes and vitamins that work FAST. Genius, right? Kim Kardashian, Kate Upton and Neil Patrick Harris are all fans of the service.
It’s well known in the medical community that oral intake of fluids and vitamins have an absorption rate of at best 50%-60%, where as I.V. hydration is 100% absorbed. I.V. hydration offers the fastest way to replenish needed fluids and electrolytes.





Their mission is to improve how you feel by alleviating the cumulative effects of dehydration, restoring you to vitality and wellness. The therapies provided by The I.V. Doc™ are time-tested and proven in hospital emergency rooms, now made easily accessible and affordable by licensed and experienced physicians, registered nurses, and medical professionals.
The I.V. Doc’s, I.V. (intravenous) hydration therapy will provide you with a quick recovery from a hangover, flu, jet lag, exercise fatigue, food poisoning, and general exhaustion in as little as 30 minutes. Using a team of health care professionals, The I.V. Doc™ will provide you with a discrete luxury service of I.V. hydration therapy in the comfort and ease of your own home, hotel, or private office (for no extra fee).
Check out all the services offered from I.V. Doc here!

Below are all 15 of the products and services that are featured in the 2016 Celebuzz’s 15 Days of Celebmas! Click the items for find out more information and for details on where to purchase.

Lacoste Home Leste Red Bedding Collection & Lacoste Home Signature Logo Bath Towel – The epitome of luxury.
FluidStance Original Handmade Level and Holster – Free yourself from your desk chair and keep that heart rate up.
Dyson Pure Hot + Cool Link Air Purifier Heater & Fan- Intelligently purifies, heats and cools you.
Rock ‘N’ Rolla XL “Vintage” Record Player – Vinyl is back in baby!
New Nintendo 3DS XL – The latest and greatest Nintendo gaming device.
Swagtron T5 Hoverboard – This hands-free smart board is all the technology & quality!
Hercules – DJ Control Instinct P8 Party Pack – Be the life of your next party with this DJ deck featuring party lights!
TCL 43-Inch 4K Ultra HD Roku Smart LED TV – The TV that may be smarter than all of us.
Drinkmate – Carbonate ANY beverage! From juices, cocktails, iced tea, and even beer.
Maggie Wallet by JEMMA – So versatile that it can be worn three different ways!
Swagboard NG-1 Electric Skateboard – The next generation skateboard electrically reimagined.
ZAGG Slim Book Pro – Enjoy the convenience to use your keyboard connected to or separated from your iPad.
Hot Wheels – Two classic track sets for the Hot Wheels enthusiast.
The I.V. Doc – Enjoy this in-home luxury hydration service with a $100 gift card.
Stella & Dot Covet Sunday Bag and Covet Pave Intention Necklace in White Gold - Two gorgeous items from Stella & Dot’s latest collection, Covet by Stella & Dot.

 


The 15 Days of Celebmas








































15 Photos »


Here is how to enter to win:
1) Leave a comment on this post telling us what past gift you received for the holidays was the most special to you!
2) Feel free to leave multiple comments!
3) When leaving your comment(s), make sure you are logged in using a valid email address! We will contact the winner via email.
4) You must live in the continental United States and be 18-years-old or older to enter. You have until midnight PST December 15, 2016 to enter.


The 15 Days of Celebmas








































15 Photos »


/n