Do You Live in the Most Miserable State? If You Live in West Virginia, the Answer Is Yes! Bad news, Americans (that's North Americans, subsection United States of Americans): A new survey shows your well-being has not improved in the pa.../n
Bad news, Americans (that's North Americans, subsection United States of Americans): A new survey shows your well-being has not improved in the past six years. Woof. More bad news: If you live in West Virginia, your life especially sucks.The study, called The Gallup-Healthways Well-Being Index, interviewed nearly 200,000 people from all 50 states to "measure physical and emotional health." Factors included employment, education, health and local environment. And the most miserable state in the United States is...

West Virginia! For the fifth year in a row!"Just 44.87 of residents described themselves as thriving, the lowest in the nation," the survey explains, noting that West Virginians are also "the least physically healthy...in the nation," with some of the highest rates of blood pressure and obesity. Silver lining? West Virginia is tied for the second lowest life-expectancy rate. So you won't have to be miserable for too long...Additional miserable states include:2. Kentucky ("The most reliant on prescription drugs…Nearly 30% said health issues prevented them from going about their normal lives.")3. Mississippi ("Nowhere else did people feel as negative about their work environment.")4. Alabama ("Few residents had enough money to afford medicine, food, or adequate shelter.")5. Ohio ("Residents were among the most likely in the U.S. to have felt angry that day.")

On the flip side, the most content states were... 5. Montana ("Nearly 94% of adults said they were satisfied with their job, the highest percentage nationally.")4. Minnesota ("Minnesotans reported exceptional physical health in 2013.")3. Nebraska ("More residents were satisfied with their city than those in any other state, and most believed their city was improving overall.")2. South Dakota ("More than 86% of those surveyed reported smiling or laughing within the past 24 hours, second-highest in the U.S.")And the least miserable state in the United States is...

North Dakota!"Due in large part to profitable oil discoveries in the region, North Dakota's economy grew by more than 13% in 2012, by far the fastest growth nationwide," the survey says, noting the low unemployment rate.North Dakota also had the biggest positive jump, moving from No. 19 to No. 1 (everyone loves oil!), while Wyoming had the biggest fall, from No. 13 to No. 34 (not everyone loves Wyoming).Congratulations on your lives, North Dakota!But remember, anyone can be miserable anywhere if you just try hard enough.(H/T 24/7 Wall St.)
/n