EXCLUSIVE! Angela Simmons Reveals Her Baby Boy's Latest Milestones Including a Possible Role in Mom's Summer Wedding/n
Angela Simmons' baby boy is growing up right in front of mama's eyes.More than two months after the Growing Up Hip Hop star welcomed her first child with fiancé Sutton Tennyson, fans are learning more about the couple's irresistible family member."My son has been great. Obviously I'm not getting much sleep at night but I don't think you ever sleep the same," Angela shared with E! News exclusively while giving a tour of her son's nursery designed by Vanessa Antonelli. "He's doing a lot of different things. He's very attentive and interested in what's around him. It's pretty cool."Angela is also more than impressed with how Sutton is interacting with their growing baby boy."He's great with him," the reality star confessed. "I think that the best part is definitely seeing the person you're with interact with your child."

While fans may be eagerly hoping for an update on the couple's upcoming summer wedding, Angela admitted to E! News that she hasn't had time to finalize her dress. And before you assume this is going to be one extravagant ceremony, Rev Run's daughter may surprise you."I don't want a crazy wedding. I want a stress-free wedding where it's not so…obviously you end up doing so much with the details but I just don't want to overdo it," she shared. "Of course our son will be involved. I'm not exactly sure how because I don't think he'll be walking down the aisle then but maybe. You never know."Until then, Angela is trying to savor every moment with her baby while also maintaining a healthy lifestyle. Between exercising, a healthy diet and eating clean, the new mom is trying her best to make it work.  

"I'm still figuring it out myself. Before I got pregnant, I was really into health and all that stuff so juicing, working out, cardio, making sure you get all of that," she explained to E! News. "What I will say is after becoming a mother, you have less time to really do it. Before I was pregnant, 10 a.m., 9 a.m., 8 a.m., everyday, this is how it is. Now, it becomes more about the baby than yourself so it's about finding the time in the day to really get it done." 

When it came to decorating her son's nursery, Angela turned to Vanessa Antonelli, who revealed that fiancé Sutton actually gave as much input as the GUHH star. "He really did have an eye for design! I think they are a really good balance for each other because each one of them is not afraid to shut the other one down. I  think that's awesome in a relationship to have that balance."Angela said, "He loves design, so I was kind of the background and he was the forefront. And then [Vanessa] was the fore-forefront!"For inspiration, Vanessa "asked a lot of questions" and even "got a read" on Angela's ever-changing personal style. "I knew she would be up for anything!"

The duo's favorite piece in the nursery? The acrylic crib by NurseryWorks, which is basically fit for music "royalty" after Beyoncé and Jay-Z were the first have it."Blue Ivy was the first baby to have one, and since then, I believe the Kardashian babies sleep in this crib and now Sutton sleeps in it," Vanessa said. "It's for royalty!" To hear more from Vanessa and Angela about the nursery, watch our interview with them above.Growing Up Hip Hop airs Thursday nights at 9 p.m. on WE tv. Go inside Angela Simmons' nursery for her baby boy tonight on E! News at 7 p.m. and 11 p.m.
/n