‘Arrested Development’ Season 5 Is Officially Happening/n





                    23 Memorable One-Liners That All 'Arrested Development' Fans Know
                







*Insert chicken dance here*

 MORE >>










                    Now You Can Make Your Very Own 'Arrested Development' Cornballs
                







Just don't get burned. 

 MORE >>





The Bluths are back!

Jason Bateman, Michael Cera, Will Arnett, Tony Hale, Portia De Rossi, Jeffrey Tambor, Jessica Walter, David Cross and Alia Shawkat have all been confirmed to return for a fifth season of Arrested Development. The new season will premiere in 2018 on Netflix, where the familial comedy was revived in 2013 after being off the air for seven years.
Creator and executive producer Mitchell Hurwitz will also return.
“In talks with Netflix we all felt that that stories about a narcissistic, erratically behaving family in the building business—and their desperate abuses of power—are really underrepresented on TV these days,” he said in a statement on Wednesday (May 17, 2017). “I am so grateful to them and to 20th TV for making this dream of mine come true in bringing the Bluths, George Sr., Lucille and the kids; Michael, Ivanka, Don Jr., Eric, George-Michael, and who am I forgetting, oh Tiffany. Did I say Tiffany?—back to the glorious stream of life.”


a guide to the 'Arrested Development' family








































10 Photos »


Ron Howard, who will act as executive producer alongside Hurwitz, Brian Grazer, Jim Vallely and Richie Rosenstock, will reprise his role as the show’s narrator.
“Whew! I can finally answer the question … Hell yes! Warming up my uncredited narrator vocal chords. Now the only thing I will have to be coy about is all the craziness the Bluths are going to face this season,” he says.
The announcement comes after leading man Bateman tweeted about signing off for another season of the series. “Look very probable I’m going to put some miles on the Stair Car this summer,” he wrote on May 12. “Just officially signed on to more ARRESTED DEVELOPMENT today.”

Look very probable I’m going to put some miles on the Stair Car this summer. Just officially signed on to more ARRESTED DEVELOPMENT today.
— Jason Bateman (@batemanjason) May 12, 2017

Debuted in 2004, Arrested Development ran for three seasons on Fox before is was canceled in 2006.


our favorite 'Arrested Development' guest stars








































23 Photos »


/n