Leah Remini To Produce Shocking Scientology Movie!/n
Scientology ‘Troublemaker’ Leah Remini is at it again!
Tony Ortega of The Underground Bunker reports that the TV star turned Scientology crusader’s 2015 book, Troublemaker, will be turned into a Lifetime movie.
The King of Queens actress, 46, left the Church of Scientology in 2013, and wrote Troublemaker: Surviving Scientology and Hollywood, soon after that. In 2016, she debuted a shocking A&E television series, Scientology and the Aftermath, which is now finishing filming for Season Two.
But based on the content of Troublemaker, the movie could be her hardest hit yet against the controversial church.
PHOTOS: J.Lo Stands By Long-Time Pal Leah Remini During Scientology Struggle
The original book’s most notorious scene takes place in a castle outside Rome, where Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes were married in 2006. Leah attended the wedding and later claimed that Tom’s best man, Scientology leader David Miscavige, did not bring his wife Shelly.
When the curious star dared to ask about it, she claimed she was told by Sea Org majordomo and church spokesman Tommy Davis that she didn’t have “the f*****g rank” to ask such a question. Scientology later denied that any of this happened.
Still, Leah wrote, she decided to write a “Knowledge Report” on the church leader – a move for which she says she was later punished.
The former Scientologist was sent to the church’s spiritual headquarters in Clearwater, Florida, she wrote in the book, where she was put through three months of intense interrogations and mental conditioning until she took back her observations about Miscavige.
PHOTOS: Leah Remini Exposes Scientology’s ‘Biggest Secret’
Remini claimed she was later billed $300,000 for her punishment, which led to her departure from the religion.
After the release of the book, Scientology released a lengthy statement that said in part, “She needs to move on with her life instead of pathetically exploiting her former religion, her former friends and other celebrities for money and attention to appear relevant again.”
Will you watch Leah’s movie? Let us know in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n