Beverley Mitchell Says She Doesn’t Have Nannies: I Don’t ‘Want to Pay Someone Else’ to Raise My Kids/n
Beverley Mitchell has parenting down to an art form — and it involves just her and husband Michael Cameron caring for their kids, without hired help.
“I’ve got an awesome husband and he lets me do what I do,which is amazing,” the former 7th Heaven star, 35, told PEOPLE Saturday at the 6th Annual Santa’s Secret Workshop in West Hollywood, California.
“When I’m working, he takes the time with the kids, and then we switch off.”
That means the family has “no nannies,” according to the mom of son Hutton Michael, 22 months, and daughter Kenzie Lynne, 3½.
“It’s just us and the kids. Family is the priority,” shares the actress who, outside of acting gigs (including her upcoming docu-comedy series Hollywood Darlings), runs her lifestyle blog Growing Up Hollywood out of her home office.
“I really don’t think I want to pay someone else to get to have the time with my kids. I want that time.”
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.





 Another amazing Santa's Secret Workshop #ssw16  benefiting @lafamilyhousing with our friends @thebillhorn @scoutmasterson @marquecomm and #Santa of course!
A post shared by Beverley Mitchell (@beverleymitchell) on Dec 3, 2016 at 6:16pm PST


The holidays are all about family for Mitchell’s brood, whom she says aren’t focused on the gift-giving aspect so much as coming together for the season.
“We go to Colorado, and it’s just all about spending time with family,” she says. “My husband Michael’s family is from there. We go up to the mountains. We just go and enjoy the cold weather.”
Mitchell continues, “We’re not all about the presents, [but] my favorite present that I always give out are picture books. That’s what I love.”
What about family activities up in the snowy mountains?
“Sitting in front of the fire, cuddled up watching movies … and if I can get this guy to cuddle, that would be great,” she jokes of son Hutton.





 Heck Yeah!  He is the cutest boy in the whole wide world!!!! Hutt is wearing his @little_adi_co raglan which is on sale today along with all of their shop. Use code “BF2016” for 30%. Isn’t he so cute? #shopsmall #littleadi
A post shared by Beverley Mitchell (@beverleymitchell) on Nov 25, 2016 at 8:33pm PST


Hutton may still be almost two months shy of his second birthday, but his mom says he already has quite the personality on him.
“He likes to destroy the playroom and dump it out, and chase [Kenzie] and play with the dogs. You know, all boys’ things,” Mitchell explains.
His long tresses have yet to see their first pair of hair-cutting shears, she says.
“I love his hair too much. I can’t cut it. Maybe at some point I’ll have to, but it’s not now. Talk to me next year and we’ll see. His hair will be as long as it can be,” Mitchell admits. “But [it’s] funny, everywhere I go, everyone is like, ‘Oh, what a beautiful little girl,’ and I don’t even correct anybody anymore. I’m like, ‘Whatever.’ ”





 Somebody is ready for Christmas! And how cute is this headband from @sydnielynncouture and the adorable dress from @chasingfireflies Check them both out, they are having sales!!!!
A post shared by Beverley Mitchell (@beverleymitchell) on Nov 25, 2016 at 4:35pm PST


Mitchell says she won’t see close pal and former 7th Heaven castmate Jessica Biel over the holidays because they’ll be just “missing each other” travel wise, but they will have a playdate after the new year with 19-month-old Silas, Biel’s son with husband Justin Timberlake.
In the meantime, her little ones are keeping each other occupied.
“She’s a good big sister. She loves to play with him, even though she’s a little rough with him,” Mitchell says of Kenzie. “So I fear the day that he realizes that he’s so strong that he can take her out.”
Adds the proud mama, “They love to [play together], and it’s fun to see them now that they’re talking to each other. Now he’s speaking words so they can actually communicate, and that’s really fun.”
Hollywood Darlings — also starring Mitchell’s fellow ’90s TV teen queens Jodie Sweetin and Christine Lakin — premieres in 2017 on Pop TV.

With reporting by RAHA LEWIS

/n