Amanda Seyfried and Thomas Sadoski Quietly Eloped/n





                    RuPaul Quietly Marries Longtime Partner Georges LeBar
                







Surprise weddings galore!

 MORE >>





Surprise! Amanda Seyfried and her fiancé Thomas Sadoski secretly eloped over the weekend.

Sadoski appeared on The Late Late Show with James Corden on Thursday (Mar. 16, 2017). James Corden began a statement with an ambiguous motive by saying, “We have congratulations for you because Amanda, your…your…your…”
“My wife,” said Sadoski, holding up his hand to display his wedding band.
“We eloped,” he continued. “We just took off into the country with an officiant and just the two of us, and we did our thing. We had a great day. It was perfect. She’s the person that I love, admire and respect most in this world.”
Sadoski joked with Corden, “I know you guys are close friends, and I know that she would want you to know, so don’t tell anyone.”


Amanda Seyfried and Her Best Friend Finn Win Instagram








































33 Photos »


The actor described their wedding as “beautiful.”
“It was everything that it should be. It was just the two of us talking to each other,” said Sadoski. After they exchanged their vows, “You take the dog and you walk through the country and you go home, and you have your life. We went out to dinner. It was awesome. We had a great day. It was perfect.”
Seyfried and Sadoski are expecting their first child together. They met while working together on the off-Broadway show The Way We Get By in 2015, but they didn’t begin dating until they reunited on the set of The Last Word. Seyfried’s new husband confessed to Corden that he’s still mentally preparing for fatherhood. It was revealed last September that they were engaged.
“I’m more excited about this than I’ve ever been about anything in my whole life, but I’m also more terrified about it than anything I’ve ever been in my entire life,” he said. “If I’m too confident, then I’m just kidding myself.”
Watch the announcement on The Late Late Show in the video at the top of the page.
/n