Selma Blair Is Thankful for "Forgiveness" on Birthday After Plane Incident/n
Selma Blair is feeling extra grateful on her 44th birthday after a scary and public ordeal.The Cruel Intentions and Legally Blonde star posted on her Instagram page Thursday a cryptic message referencing "forgiveness" and what appears to be a new photo of her and her son Arthur, 4, holding party plates and a cupcake on a picnic blanket, three days after she was taken off a flight on a stretcher at Los Angeles International Airport, crying and talking about an abusive man. She later apologized for the incident."'And so what should I wish?' And he whispered it in my ear right then. I ask my angel for it to be true every day. And to do the same for others. Thank you @wildersatheart for loving us this birthday," Blair wrote on Instagram, referencing a friend. "Your patience. Your support. We ♥ you. And a sincere thank you to all those who sent me the spirit of loving and forgiveness. It is a new birth year. Thank you."Her Cruel Intentions co-star Sarah Michelle Gellar shared on her Instagram page a sweet birthday post for Blair, along with a photo of the two puckering up at the 2000 MTV Movie Awards, where they won Best Kiss for their onscreen liplock."Smooches on your #birthday," Gellar wrote. "To my friend @therealselmablair , who may be an award winning kisser, but should be an award winning friend and mother!! (And style icon)."

Blair had last posted a pic of her son last week, showing the two on a plane, headed for a trip with his dad and her ex Jason Bleick. The three vacationed in Cancun over Father's Day weekend and the actress' plane outburst took place on their flight back home. Blair had said she "mixed alcohol and medication," which caused her to "black out" and say and do things she deeply regrets."My son was with his Dad asleep with his headphones on, so there is that saving grace," she added. "I take this very seriously, and I apologize to all of the passengers and crew that I disturbed and am thankful to all of the people who helped me in the aftermath. I am a flawed human being who makes mistakes and am filled with shame over this incident. I am truly very sorry."
/n