So Spoiled: Someone ‘Unexpected’ Is Returning in the Next ‘Scream’ Episode/n





                    Viola Davis Talks 'How To Get Away With Murder' Sex Scenes: 'I Blew My Back Out!'
                







Sex scenes, they aren't as fun as they look.

 MORE >>





Warning! Spoilers ahead!

Desperate for news on your favorite show? We’ve searched the internet and found loads of exciting updates on shows like How to Get Away with Murder, Fear the Walk Dead and UnREAL!
Let’s get into it…

Curious if Wes will ever know if Rebecca is really dead on How to Get Away with Murder?
“I don’t know how much we’ll be going back to that,” EP Pete Nowalk said. “At this point, now that he knows that Annalise has been protecting him from Wallace this whole time and now that Wallace has been shot, that pales in comparison.” [Entertainment Weekly]

If you’re waiting with bated breath to see how season two of Scream is going to play out, you’re gonna wanna read this:
According to the synopsis, tension will rise between Emma and her mother, Maggie. Maggie hid secrets from Emma in Season 1, and it looks like there’s more she kept from her daughter. Emma will discover more about her past in episode 2, and it will put more stress on their relationship. Someone “unexpected” is also set to return, which could stir up Emma’s fears. [International Business Times]


Comic-Con International 2015 - AMC's 'The Walking Dead' Panel








































11 Photos »


How intense are things about to get on UnREAL?
A new contestant named London is a Pakistani-American. Quinn and Rachel attempt to convince her to wear a head scarf so she’ll look more like a “terrorist” to propel ratings…yeah.
“I know it’s totally crossing a line,” said co-creator Sarah Shapiro. “That’s one of the ones where I’m like, ‘Wow, okay, here we go.’ … London’s family is Pakistani and she may have very distant ties to Osama bin Laden, but Quinn is like, ‘Well, now she does.’ This is so crazy that we’re actually doing that, but yes.” [Entertainment Weekly]

Wondering how close Fear the Walking Dead is to overlapping with its zombie-filled predecessor?
“If you marked off the days [that have passed on air since Fear TWD debuted], I think right now, by the end of the first half [of Season 2], we’re getting very close to Rick waking up in Georgia” on The Walking Dead, EP David Erickson said. Now Fear TWD‘s survivors have “arrived at a place where they’re up to speed on how one deals with the apocalypse and the dead.” [TV Line]


Vanity Fair's Hollywood Issue: Jennifer Lawrence, Viola Davis, Cate Blanchett, Lupita Nyong'o, Brie Larson, and More








































6 Photos »


/n