Tyga Responds After Getting into Fight in Geneva: 'I Ain't Nobody's Slave'/n
Rapper Tyga lashed out at a Geneva, Switzerland, club on Friday after being reportedly involved in an altercation with the venue’s owner the night before.  
The rapper, 25, was involved in a fight after he performed Thursday at Envogue Genéve, a Swiss club, according to TMZ.   
According to the website, the altercation began after the “Rack City” rapper reportedly showed up late to a performance at the venue. A group of men, including Tyga, were seen scuffling outside the club in a paparazzi video.  
Tyga’s rep did not respond to a request for comment.   
“Sum Club owners just think they own u just Kuz they pay u to come to they lil club for a hr,” Tyga, who reportedly was joined by girlfriend Kylie Jenner for the outing, Tweeted on Friday.  


Sum Club owners just think they own u just  Kuz they pay u to come to they lil club for a hr.
— T-Raww (@Tyga) June 26, 2015

“I ain’t nobody slave,” he added. “Don’t harrass me and my people when we tryna chill n s—.”  
“Every since I came in the game in 2008 people tried to tarnish my brand,” the father of one Tweeted, adding, “Mislead who I am.”  
Kylie Jenner’s Snapchat Slip-up



Every since I came in the game in 2008 people tried to tarnish my brand.mislead who I am.
— T-Raww (@Tyga) June 26, 2015

The star said that he doesn’t “talk much” and hates the price of fame – including interviews. Tyga wrote that he just wants to “make music and be creative.”  


I don't talk much.i hate during interviews and I hate the industry and what comes with fame.
— T-Raww (@Tyga) June 26, 2015

“Can’t nothing stop what’s planned,” he said. “They can hate me but God gon show me love  forever.”  


Can't nothing stop what's planned. They can hate me but God gon show me love  forever.
— T-Raww (@Tyga) June 26, 2015

Tyra and Jenner, 17, were in Cannes, France, earlier this week with her sister Kim Kardashian West and mother Kris Jenner.   
Kylie Jenner’s Snapchat Slip-up

/n