Blac Chyna's Mother Tokyo Toni Slams Caitlyn Jenner For Not Meeting Dream/n
Blac Chyna‘s mother Tokyo Toni has gone ballistic, blasting transgender Caitlyn Jenner as “a man in a wig” after learning that Jenner has never met his stepson Rob Kardashian and Chyna’s baby daughter, Dream.
PHOTOS: “Blac Chyna Steps Out Showing 18-Pound Weight Loss Since Her C-Section” is locked
n a video relased on the Twitter page of WorldStarHipHop, Toni ranted about Jenner, “This motherf**ing n****r, cause he’s a man dressed up and pretending to be a woman.”
Toni’s video dropped shortly after Jenner called Rob “stupid” on The View — after his stepson had posted naked photos and lurid allegations online about Chyna.
“Rob was stupid for doing that and he kind of apologized. I really have not had much of a relation– I’ve never met Blac Chyna,” Jenner told the ladies on The View.
Then, in a shocker, she admitted, “I’ve never met [Dream]. Rob, I haven’t really had a serious conversation with in years. So I’ve kind of been out of that scene so I really can’t comment on what’s going on there.”
As part of her video tirade, angry Toni said Jenner should hire a vocal coach to sound more feminine and added, “All that money you got, get a vocal coach, then I’m gonna finish with your motherf***ing a*s.”
PHOTOS: Childhood Pal: Kim Kardashian Obsessed With Weight, Wanted Nose Job In Early Teens, As Radar Looks At Star’s Progress In 14 Click
Although her daughter Chyna has obtained a restraining order against Rob and is mulling legal action against her baby daddy, Toni seemed to defend him, saying about Jenner, “You gonna say he stupid, instead of saying something encouraging and you gonna lie and say you don’t know Blac Chyna… Call me b***h, I’ve got some words for you.”
Toni also kept calling Caitlyn, who for years was a man known as the former Olympian Bruce Jenner, “Brucey.”
PHOTOS; Kim Kardashian’s ‘Raunchy’ Sex Life EXPOSED: Sex Toys, Tapes, & More!
As Radar has reported, the Kardashian family fall out involving Rob has affected Jenner, as she wasn’t invited to the ESPY Awards.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n