Louis Tomlinson Shuts Down Gay Rumors Involving Harry Styles/n





                    One Direction Star Louis Tomlinson Slams Gay Rumors
                







Nope. He's not dating Harry Styles. 

 MORE >>










                    Harry Styles "Cheats" on Louis Tomlinson with Jimmy Kimmel
                







"Larry" is dead. 

 MORE >>





Sorry, Directioners. Louis Tomlinson isn’t secretly dating Harry Styles.

After spending years facing “Larry Stylinson” rumors, the singer finally addressed his close bond with his One Direction bandmate, refuting claims that they are in a romantic relationship together.
“I’m so protective over things like that, about the people I love,” Louis told The Sun. “It created this atmosphere between the two of us where everyone was looking into everything we did. It took away the vibe you get off anyone. It made everything a little bit more unapproachable. I think [what’s happened since] shows that it was never anything ‘real,’ if I can use that word.”
The bromance, which sparked many erotic fan fictions amongst their followers, became a problem when Louis started dating Eleanor Calder. According to the 25-year-old, having fans constantly suggest he’s romantically involved with Harry put a strain on his actual relationship with his on-and-off girlfriend.


One Direction's Best Bromance Moments








































14 Photos »


“It’s a funny thing. I mean, look, people can believe what they want to believe. But I just think it comes across sometimes a little bit disrespectful to the ones that I love, you know, Eleanor. Sometimes it comes across a bit disrespectful,” he explained. “It’s like anything. Genuinely, if you Google ‘Conspiracy on iPhones,’ you’re going to get a conspiracy. I think it’s one of these things that people just love to buy into, but in reality—obviously—there’s no truth to it. Obviously.”
The father-of-one added he’s still in contact with the “Sign of the Times” crooner, though admittedly not as close as they once were before pursuing respective solo careers.
“There’s no politics or anything. Inevitably in a band, you’re going to get some people who get on really well and some people who get on quite well. I have forever had a very, very high level of respect for Harry. He’s great in this situation, he’s great on stage, he’s a great musician and artist,” Louis said. “It’s just one of those things that happens naturally in a band.”


10 Things to Know About One Direction's Louis Tomlinson








































10 Photos »


/n