Jealousy & Lies! Camilla Tell-All Exposes Diana's Paranoia Over Charles' Affair/n
An explosive new biography on Camilla Parker Bowles has exposed Princess Diana‘s tragic paranoia over Prince Charles’ infamous royal affair.
As RadarOnline.com can report, Diana’s anxiety grew over the course of her tumultuous marriage to Prince Charles, as his ongoing affair with Camilla came to light.
“Someone in his office told me that my husband had had a bracelet made for her, which she wears to this day. It’s a gold chain bracelet with a blue enamel disc. It’s got ‘G and F’ entwined in it, ‘Gladys’ and ‘Fred’ — they were their nicknames,” Diana previously said in a taped interview.
PHOTOS: Shocking Scandals Of The Royal Family
According to royal author Penny Junor, the late Princess of Wales was very close with Camila, and while she often questioned Charles about their relationship, he assured her that she was the only woman in his life, The Daily Mail reports.
Once they became engaged, however, Charles admitted that Camilla had been one of his most intimate companions, assuring Diana their romance had since ended.
“He made a huge mistake. You can sympathize with Diana,” claimed a close friend of Charles.
PHOTOS: Prince William Taking Paternity Leave And 24 Other Things You Didn’t Know About The Royal Birth
As soon as her engagement to Charles was announced, Diana moved into Clarence House and later to a suite at Buckingham Palace.
One day, she found a letter from Camila on her bed, asking her out to lunch. The two were great friends, and Diana was excited to show off her engagement ring.
But later, Diana came to see that their lunch date was all part of the affair cover-up.
PHOTOS: Prince Harry’s Girlfriend Meghan Markle Claims ‘People Wanted To Kill Me!’
As Radar previously reported, Diana confessed to royal writer Andrew Morton that the encounter had been “very tricky indeed.”
Camilla admitted she always knew how terrible it was to have an unfaithful husband — and seeing her longtime love marry another woman caused her grave pain over the years.
The affair also caused late Lady Di to become incredibly jealous, as sources close to the royal family claimed she even became territorial when Charles spent too much time with his mother.
As Radar has learned, friends and family of Charles did not necessarily approve of Diana, as they believed she was more in love with the idea of being royal than she was with her husband.
Lady Fermoy even admitted after the Princess’ death: Diana was “a dishonest and difficult girl.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n