Dolly Parton Caught Up In Lesbian Embezzlement Scandal/n
Dolly Parton was plunged into a shocking family scandal after her sister’s lesbian lover was accused of embezzling money to “fund their lifestyle.”
Jessica Daffin exclusively told RadarOnline.com that her sister, Ashley Daffin, who is dating Parton’s sister, Freida, “stole my kids’ inheritance and college education!”
According to Daffin, the trouble started when the siblings’ father, Forest R. Preston passed away in 2008. The former oilman bequeathed $400,000 to his five children, including Ashley and Jessica.
PHOTOS: Dolly Parton Lists West Hollywood Crash Pad For $1,395,000
Ashley, an attorney, was named co-executor of the trust and “paid herself $124,000…without any justification or disclosures,” between August and December 2013, Jessica claimed in a lawsuit she filed.
Jessica, 50, and her brother, Forrest “Clay” Preston, charged that Ashley and Freida were living “lavishly together and used at least part of the trust money to fund their lifestyle.”
The two women may have used their ill-obtained windfall to open the Parton Family Wedding Chapel, a Sevierville, Tenn., business for wedding ceremonies.
PHOTOS: Lesbian Sex, Fights & More! 8 Most Outrageous Moments From Teresa Giudice’s Prison Memoir
However, the women’s luck took a turn for the worst after a Georgia judge ruled against Ashley and declared her guilty of “willful misconduct, fraud, oppression, and misrepresentation of suppression of fact.”
Ashley was subsequently removed from her position as co-executor of the trust and ordered to return the $124,000 she had taken, as well as interest.
She eventually was forced to file for bankruptcy, creating more drama for the family — and Dolly, 71.
PHOTOS: Backdoor ‘Teen Mom’ Farrah Abraham Returns To Porn With Raunchy Lesbian Adult Film
“Dolly should pay back the money that went into the chapel,” insisted Jessica. “It’s not right. Not at all.”
For more of Dolly’s juiciest secrets and scandals, tune in to National Enquirer Investigates, April 12 at 9/8 central on REELZ!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n