Politicians Want Answers About Jay-Z And Beyonce’s Trip To Cuba/n
Forget the Cuban missile crisis — Jay-Z and Beyonce are causing a new political firestorm.
The glamorous pair were photographed looking their usual fab selves as they strolled around Havana, Cuba last week to celebrate their five-year wedding anniversary. 
 

Beyonce and Jay-Z DATE's NIGHT IN NEW YORK








































6 Photos »



Adoring local crowds mobbed the superstars as the dined at the hip La Guardia restaurant, with police forming a protective ring around them.
But now, two congressmen from Florida, Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen and Rep. Mario Diaz-Balart, are demanding answers about their controversial trip.
Both reps sent a letter to the Office of Foreign Assets Control, asking about the exact purpose of the celebrities’ trip and how it was approved.
An excerpt from the letter reads:
“Despite the clear prohibition against tourism in Cuba, numerous press reports described the couple’s trip as tourism, and the Castro regime touted it as such in its propaganda. We represent a community of many who have been deeply and personally harmed by the Castro regime’s atrocities, including former political prisoners and the families of murdered innocents. The restrictions on tourism travel are common-sense measures meant to prevent U.S. dollars from supporting a murderous regime that opposes U.S. security interests at every turn and which ruthlessly suppresses the most basic liberties of speech, assembly, and belief. We support the Cuban people by refusing to sustain their jailers.”
 

beyonce knows how to work it 








































10 Photos »



When Celebuzz contacted Congresswoman Lehtinen’s office her spokesperson said that she “wanted answers,” but offered no further comment.
Beyonce and Jay-Z haven’t opened up about their travels, and it hasn’t been clear why they made the journey. State-run website CubaSi called it a tourist trip.
So what’s all the hoopla about?
Washington currently has a 51-year embargo in place against Cuba that makes it illegal for U.S. citizens to visit the country for tourism.
However, tens of thousands of Americans travel to the Caribbean island each year on academic, religious, journalistic or cultural exchange visas.
President Barack Obama’s administration eased many of the restrictions in 2011, but tourists still need a special visa or be part of an organized tour to visit the island.
In the past though artists who were challenged by the government have said that they visited the country for cultural reasons.
Tell us what you think: Should Jay Z and Beyonce have gone to Cuba? Or do you think it’s all blown out of proportion?
 
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
 No changes are to be made to this player


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n