Selena Gomez Gets Matching Tattoos with ’13 Reasons Why’ Cast/n





                    Are Selena Gomez and The Weeknd Already Thinking About Marriage?
                







Wedding bells are in the distance...

 MORE >>





Here’s another reason why 13 Reason Why will stay with Selena Gomez forever!

The “It Ain’t Me” singer debuted her matching tattoos with stars Alisha Boe and Tommy Dorfman on her Instagram stories on Sunday, sharing a picture of a semicolon inked on their forearms. Gomez, who executive produced the Netflix teen drama, and the cast chose the design as it has come to be a symbol for suicide prevention.

April 9: Selena Gomez via her Instagram Story (5) pic.twitter.com/r5HGQyXxvg
— Selena Gomez News (@SelGomezNewsCOM) April 10, 2017

“Wish the rest of the crew was with us today. Overwhelmed with the response and love @13reasonswhy is receiving,” she wrote in another photo with Boe and Dorfman. “Thank you to each beautiful person who has watched and talked about the message of our show.”
Adapted from the 2007 book of the same name, 13 Reasons Why follows the aftermath of high schooler Hannah Baker’s (Katherine Langford) suicide. Before her death, Baker leaves 13 cassette tapes explaining her decision to kill herself, including her experiences with bullying and rape.
Initially, the adaption was conceived as a movie starring Gomez.



A post shared by Selena Gomez (@selenagomez) on Apr 9, 2017 at 5:34pm PDT



“A book is frightening for me because I know the cult following it has, which is the reason why I didn’t want to be in it,” she explained to The Hollywood Reporter of why she chose to remain behind the camera.
” I see myself in Hannah so much. Seven years ago I did and even more so today, which I think is funny because it’s backwards. The older I get the more insecure I get, which is odd. But that’s something a lot of people can relate to,” she continued. ” I wanted it to feel like anyone can see themselves in this.”
Last year, Gomez canceled her tour and sought seek treatment for depression and anxiety stemming from her battle with Lupus. At the 2016 American Music Awards, she broke her silence about her stint in rehab, saying, “I’m not trying to get validation nor do I need it anymore. All I can say from the bottom of my heart is that I am so grateful I have the opportunity to share what I love every single day with people that I love.”


Selena Gomez attends 2016 american music awards








































6 Photos »


/n