Trendsetters at Work: Ella + Rubi/n
Running a stylish (and uber successful) e-boutique with your best friend? Sign us up.For Dani Juhala and Amy Radich, this dream is a reality. This BFF power-team cofounded ELLA + RUBI, a trendsetter site that offers meticulously curated, uncommon goods. It doesn't matter what type of girl you are, we can promise you this: You're sure to find something you like. Ella brings an edgier, modern perspective, while Rubi lends a girlier aesthetic. Dani and Amy combined their styles in the making of ELLA + RUBI to create the perfect balance, and it's no wonder why celebs like Rihanna, Kylie Jenner and Emma Watson like the same things they do.Let's get to know them, shall we? 

What was your first job? Dani Juhala: I worked as a security usher at the Chinese National Circus in Vienna, Austria—all just to be able to buy my first pair of RayBans!Amy Radich: My first job was babysitting and mowing lawns around town. I did anything to buy clothes that nobody else had in my little town.How did you get into the industry? Both of us always had a love for fashion and accessories. After many years in rewarding sales, marketing and PR careers we decided it was time to do what we are best at and what we love most: fashion and e-commerce.What is a typical day like for you? We both start our day with a workout of some sort. Dani is all about OrangeTheory classes or going for a run in the park and Amy can be found at a spin or bar class or on a hike in the woods with her puppy. Work wise, some days are spent traveling and curating new fashion goods from great places. Others are spent schlepping boxes to and from the post office. When we can escape the office we love nothing more than exploring the wonderful city of Portland—from new coffee shops, cafes and food trucks to visiting our favorite boutiques.

Tell us about your office. One of the greatest joys about our office is that we are able to work on our wonderful terrace right off the lake. The sunshine and fresh air helps inspire great new ideas and keeps us happy and productive. We like to keep our office decor pretty minimal. It's filled with soft vintage tees from Holland, silky scarves from Italy, carefully laser-cut bags from Germany, lots of fun jewelry and, of course, a big inspiration board.What's the best part about your job? Getting to work with your friend! We are each other's support system. We collaborate well together and finish each other's thoughts.What's the most daring career risk you've ever taken? Going out on our own sure was scary at first but we both feel so lucky to work with each other. To be able to work and travel with your best friend is a reward that off-sets all other worries that come with running your own business.

Who are some of your career heroes? I think for both of us our moms and dads were the greatest inspiration. They allowed us to grow deep roots and big wings and for that we are forever grateful!What is the best piece of advice you've ever received? Do what you love and you will love what you do. We both had jobs in the past that we did because we had to, so being able to spend your days doing something you truly love is something we do try to appreciate every day.What are you best known for and why do you think you do it so well? We are able to introduce collections and brands that have not previously been sold in the US, providing our customers with wonderful, unique and uncommon fashion items that have a story behind them. We also look for give back to a meaningful cause.

Tell us about your celeb fans.One of our fantastic brands is Zoe Karssen from Holland, which enjoys a great celebrity following with fans like Rihanna, Kylie Jenner and Emma Watson just to name a few.What exciting things do you have coming up? We are in the midst of planning a few great new pop-ups and trunk shows, so please make sure you check our social media updates with locations and dates! 

Today for lunch we had...Amy and Dani split an Elenis greek yogurt with Elizabeth's fig granola and fresh berries. Dani loves to add cheese to her meal, the true European that she is. Amy added something sweet (a.k.a. Swedish fish and dark chocolate).List five things that are on or near your desk right now…a folder with fabric samples for our next ELLA+RUBI collection, a small box of Moonstruck truffles (which may or may not be half empty), a ton of new magazines that we brought back from our last trip to Europe and two labradoodle faces—Leopold and Theodore, our faithful puppy companions!The first website we log onto every day is…ELLA + RUBI, of course!

Dani's answers:                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           My usual Starbucks order is…a tall coffee with a splash of cold 2% milk.If I wasn't doing this job, I would…travel the world and think of ways we could do this job!My favorite place to visit is…Berlin for its diverse audience, fashion offering and because we did have some great travel memories there!The book I'm reading right now is…Grain Brain by David Perlemutter. It reveals the surprising truth about grain, carbs and sugar.

Amy's answers:My usual Starbucks order is…a bone dry decaf cappuccino with one raw sugar for Amy. You don't want me on caffeine!If I wasn't doing this job, I would…I would be a professional tennis player!My favorite place to visit is…NYC for its sense of life. The feeling of opportunity and adventure is inspiring. When I leave NYC I feel refreshed and ready to take on more. Our memories together in NYC are pretty great too.The book I'm reading right now is…Just finished up The Nightingale by Kristin Hannah (I'm a sucker for historical fiction) and now onto The Girl With All the Gifts by M.R. Carey.
/n