Natalie Portman Talks ‘Jackie,’ Strong Female Roles and More/n





                    Natalie Portman Is Hypnotic and Devastating in the First Full Trailer for ‘Jackie’ 
                







The first full trailer was released for the period piece teasing a career-defining performance from the Oscar-winner.

 MORE >>





Natalie Portman opens up about playing iconic First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy in the upcoming drama Jackie, her thoughts on being an artist and a woman, and more.
In an interview with New York magazine, Portman admitted in playing Jackie Kennedy, she became nostalgic for films of the ’50s and ’60s. They “have such strong female roles all the time,” citing Sunset Boulevard and Marnie. “Even if they’ll make the occasional sexist comment, they still have a central woman character who has a personality… Now I feel like movies are all about white men and then you get a couple that happen to be about women.”
On feeling the tension of having to be an artist, a symbol, and a woman all at once, Portman, who is expecting her second child with husband Benjamin Millepied, said, “I go through two hours of hair and makeup before going to anything, and the guys roll out of bed. And then if I don’t do it, it becomes the focus of — I wouldn’t even call it journalism.”


Pregnant Natalie Portman Went Shopping in L.A.








































18 Photos »


She equates that to what Mrs. Kennedy had to go through as well. Kennedy “wouldn’t leave the house without two hours” of preparing either, but the actress added that Jackie “really subscribed to it, really thought of herself as his wife.” When it all came crashing down, “her identity is taken away, and then you’re like, ‘Who am I?’”
Before the election, Portman thought of Jackie as a precursor to Hillary Clinton becoming the first female president. In response to a follow-up question, she told the magazine that she was “very upset about the results” of the election, but “extremely energized to get more involved.”
In fact, Portman is set to play a young Ruth Bader Ginsburg, starting out as a ACLU lawyer in the ’70s. The actress waited for the right director and found a woman, soon to be announced. “With the issues of gender discrimination in Hollywood right now, how could we not do that?” she said.
Read the whole interview here, and look for Portman’s performance in Jackie, in theaters this Friday.

New cover: Natalie Portman and the role of a lifetime. Photo by @alexprager. https://t.co/Q4bhr2uBUo pic.twitter.com/IfnHkRNxYn
— NYMag PR (@nymagPR) November 28, 2016

/n