Team Caitlyn! Donald Trump Says Jenner Should Use Any Bathroom She Wants/n
Caitlyn Jenner has said she supports Ted Cruz, but Donald Trump is still on her side!
The presidential candidate appeared on The Today Show Thursday morning and was tweeted a question about the recent North Carolina law that forces transgender people to use bathrooms that match the gender on their birth certificates.
“Mr. Trump, please be specific and tell us your views of LGBT and how you plan to be inclusive,” the tweet read.
“Oh, I had a feeling that question was going to come up, I will tell you,” Trump said.
PHOTOS: She’s Out & About! Caitlyn Jenner In Public For First Time Since ‘Vanity Fair’ Blockbuster –– What She Did Explained In 10 Photos
The GOP front-runner then said he felt that the laws should remain unchanged because of the minimal amount of harm they’ve caused.
“People go — they use the bathroom that they feel is appropriate,” Trump said. “There has been so little trouble. And the problem with what happened in North Carolina is the strife.”
Matt Lauer quickly interjected with a question about whether any transgender people work for Trump. “Do you have any transgender people working in your organization?”
“I don’t know,” Trump said. “I really don’t know. I probably do. I really don’t know.”
PHOTOS: Still Missing! Scott Disick Hasn’t Been Seen With His Kids In 23 Days After Split With Kourtney Kardashian
Lauer then shifted the conversation specifically to I Am Cait star Caitlyn Jenner.
“So if Caitlyn Jenner were to walk into Trump Tower and want to use the bathroom you would be fine with her using any bathroom she chooses?” Lauer asked.
“That is correct,” Trump said.
Trump went on to say that he thinks creating separate bathrooms for transgender people would be “discriminatory” and “unbelievably expensive for businesses and for the country.”
Ted Cruz also spoke up about transgender rights Thursday, arguing against Trump’s stance on Glenn Beck‘s radio show. The Texas senator said that the country has “gone off the deep end” regarding transgender rights.
“When you deal with people who are repulsive perverts and criminals — there are some bad people in the world and we shouldn’t be facilitating putting little girls alone in a bathroom with grown, adult men. That is just a bad, bad, bad idea,” he said. /n