Adorable Obie, The World's Fattest Dachshund Makes His TV Debut/n
By Radar Staff
Obie, who holds the dubious accolade of being The World’s Fattest Dachshund, made his TV debut Wednesday morning as his owner talked about the portly pooch’s slim down plan on TODAY, and RadarOnline.com has the video.
Poor Obie, who topped the scale at a whopping 77 pounds when adopted by his caring new owner Nora Vanatta, had to be wheeled into the studios for his appearance on a specially designed trolly due to his burgeoning belly.
PHOTOS: Obie The Obese Dachshund Makes His TV Debut
Vanatta, flanked by a vet, explained that she has placed the 5-year-old on a “high protein, high fiber, high energy diet” and that currently the only exercise he can undergo, due to his mobility issues, is “from the house to go potty every day.”
The vet explained that Obie faces serious orthopedic dangers due to his gargantuan girth and that “this kind of weight will wreak havoc on his joints.”
PHOTOS: Prairie Dogs Get Their Groove On
Despite his beautiful big baleful eyes, Opie’s owner said he is actually a very happy dog, and that his current slim down plan is going great, with an average of two pounds weight loss per week.
As RadarOnline.com previously reported, Obie, who has such a huge barrel belly that his little legs barely touch the ground as he shuffles along, weighs twice as much as most Dachshunds after being almost fed to death by his previous elderly owners who continuously plied him with food as a display of their love.
PHOTOS: World’s Fattest Dachshund Starts His Slim Down
Vanatta, of Portland, Oregon, is aiming to help Obie drop the 40 extra pounds that he is dragging around, with his new diet and fitness regime.
The EMT and Certified Nursing Assistant is working with Purina to create a low-fat, high-protein diet for the food-loving hound, which also contains isoflavones, a natural bioactive compound designed to reduce oxidative stress in overweight dogs.
PHOTOS: Puppy Love: Stars and Their Dogs
While he’s still too plump to workout, Obie’s new owner is hoping to soon be able to get him on a fitness regime including water aerobics and trotting on a treadmill.
“I feel tremendously blessed to be involved in his rehabilitation and I am amazed at the outpouring of love and support that I have received,” said Vanatta. “My hope is that he can be an inspiration to any person or animal trying to lose weight.
PHOTOS: Favorite TV Dogs
“It is so important to introduce pups and kids to a healthy lifestyle and food choices as early as possible.”
In the meantime, the larger-than-life wiener is reaching out to fans on his very own Facebook page that includes a request for donations to help with his rehab.
PHOTOS: Pups Show Their Surfing Stuff During Casting Call
“Aging owners with failing health were simply loving him with food. They just couldn’t say ‘no’ to those big brown eyes,” explained Nora.
“I also have a 9-year-old black lab and 5-year-old dachshund. They are fit and active and promise to be good role models,” pledged the dog lover.



Visit NBCNews.com for breaking news, world news, and news about the economy
RELATED STORIES:
Owners Of Missing Pet Cheetah Desperate To Find Their Lovable Giant Cat
Dog Before Marriage! Meet The Couple Who Sacrificed Their Wedding To Pay For Sick Pet
Burned Bear Cub Rescued From Wildfires ‘Is Feisty And Eating Like A Pig!’ Says Vet
Accident Waiting To Happen? Couple Is BFFs With A Grizzly Bear /n