 'Cindy Anthony Assaulted Me!'  Woman Who Discovered Yard Sale Selling Caylee.../n
The woman who publicized a yard sale held by George and Cindy Anthony in which they were allegedly selling off several items of their late granddaughter, Caylee Anthony, has filed a police report against Cindy claiming she assaulted her, and RadarOnline.com has all the exclusive details.
According to the police report filed, Christina Werner attended yet another yard sale at the Anthony’s Mount Dora, Fla. home on Thursday, pulled up to the home with her driver’s side window down and yelled something to Cindy to the effect of, “I can’t believe you are selling Caylee’s belongings.”
Christina tells Radar that Cindy approached her car saying, “How dare you?” and that’s when the scuffle between the two started.
DOCUMENTS: Woman Files Assault Police Report Against Cindy Anthony
“She looked at my camera and I thought she was going to snatch it,” Christina told Radar.
“She raised her other hand back and I said, ‘Go ahead, hit me. I dare you to.’ She tried to either slab or grab me. It all happened so fast.”
The police report states, “The victim stated she believes the suspect made contact with her arm, causing minor scratches, by reaching into the drivers side window of her vehicle.
EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: Casey Anthony’s Parents Hold Yard Sale, Sell Of Caylee’s Toys
“The victim stated she immediately sped off before any further confrontation. The victim stated while she was pulling away she heard the suspect yell something like ‘chicken sh*t.'”
As RadarOnline.com exclusively reported earlier this month, Christina videotaped her experience at the Anthony’s garage sale on June 28 where she purchased items she claimed were Caylee’s and Casey Anthony‘s.
“I simply will never understand how these grandparents can put a price tag on Caylee’s items. I can understand Casey’s things, but I will never understand how they could part with these things at a yard sale!” Christina told Radar at the time.
PHOTOS: Celebs Involved In Murder
“You would think if they were trying to just move on and get over things they would donate the items, not throw them on a table with a neon two dollar yard sale sticker.”
As for the alleged assault, the responding officer wrote in the police report that he “did not observe any injuries” to Christina’s arm and Cindy, George and eyewitness neighbors all provided statements contending that Cindy never touched Christina.
Wesh.com in Orlando reports that Cindy and George are looking into filing a lawsuit against Christina for videotaping their yard sale.
PHOTOS: Casey Anthony Released From Jail /n