Madonna Booed In Paris After Leaving Stage After 45 Minutes/n
By Radar Staff
Madonna was booed at a show in Paris Thursday night when she left the stage after just 45 minutes, and RadarOnline.com has video and photos of the Material Girl‘s concert chaos.
The show  — billed as an intimate show at the City of Light’s 2,700-capacity l’Olympia club  — was streamed live on YouTube and was ironically intended to promote tolerance in wake of her controversial MDNA concert tour.
Many of those in attendance were diehard Madonna fans, including some which had waited outside the venue for hours to get a good seat;  others had even camped out overnight for a chance to see the singer perform.
PHOTOS: Madonna Booed At Paris Concert
But the love quickly turned to hate when the Vogue singer took to the stage at 10:15 PM and then abruptly ended the show at 11 PM,  triggering boos and cries of “refund!” from some people.
A few angry fans even shouted “salope,” the French word for slut.
Watch the video on RadarOnline.com ( LINK)
In wake of the P.R. nightmare, YouTube was forced to disable comments on the stream early Friday morning after it racked up more than 12,000 dislikes.
As RadarOnline.com has previously reported, Madonna has been attracting controversy throughout her latest tour -whether by flashing her breasts or buttocks, or brandishing guns on stage in wake of the Colorado movie theater shooting. Thursday night’s concert in Paris was a last-minute addition to Madonna’s schedule tacked on shortly after France’s far-right National Front party threatened to sue her over a video she showed during a Bastille Day (July 14) gig in Paris that featured an image of party leader Marine Le Pen with a swastika superimposed on her forehead.
“I know that I made a certain Marine Le Pen very angry with me,” Madonna said during the l’Olympia show, which mixed her greatest hits with covers by French singer Serge Gainsbourg and homages to such French icons as Alain Delon and Edith Piaf. “And it’s not my intention to make enemies … It’s my intention to promote tolerance. And when we start saying that we have to get rid of this person or we have to get rid of that person, because then we’ll have a better place, it starts to sound like something else, it starts to sound like something scary. So the next time you want to point the finger at somebody and blame them for a problem in your life, take that finger and point it back at you.”
PHOTOS: Madonna Puts On A Gun Show 
Prior to the show, Madonna defended her use of the Nazi imagery in her concert tour.
“There seems to be a growing intolerance around the world. In Greece, France, everywhere, people are trying to kick out all the immigrants, make people cover up and not show what their religious affiliation is. Think about what’s going on in Russia towards the gay community,” Madonna said in an interview with a Brazilian TV station. “I’m calling attention to that intolerance and asking people to pay attention, to wake up to see how we are just creating more chaos in the world.”
Amidst all the controversy, the Australian leg of Madonna’s MDNA tour has been canceled without explanation.

La colère de fans de Madonna à la sortie de l’Olympia Vidéo jeanmarcmorandini sélectionnée dans Replay TV
 
RELATED STORIES: 
Madonna Takes Subtle Dig At Lady Gaga In Express Yourself/Born This Way Mash-UpProducer Reveals Real Reason Why Madonna’s New Album Is A Sales Disaster
Madonna: Sometimes I Think I’m Superwoman
Madonna Addresses Lourdes’ Smoking, ‘I Think I Need To Be Tougher’ /n