Sofia Vergara’s Embryos Lawsuit Against Ex-Fiancé Nick Loeb Just Took a Weird Turn/n





                    Sofia Vergara and Nick Loeb Hash Out Embryo Debacle in Dueling Morning Show Interviews
                







Nothing like a celebrity scandal scramble to get your day started.

 MORE >>










                    Sofia Vergara Dishes About Her Embryos Lawsuit With Nick Loeb
                







"I'm doing the right thing."

 MORE >>





Apparently, Sofia Vergara is now being sued by her own embryos.

A year after the Modern Family stars’ ex-fiancé, Nick Loeb, sued for the right to have access to two frozen female embryos they made through vitro fertilization while they were together, their case just took a turn for the weird as Vergara is said to be facing a lawsuit from the fertilized eggs themselves.
Sources told the New York Post that that a right-to-live lawsuit was on behalf of the embryos against their own mother this week. Listing the eggs as plaintiffs named “Emma” and “Isabella,” the court documents reportedly asked that Loeb be given custody of the embryos so they can be birthed and receive a trust fund that has been set up for them in Louisiana, a traditionally pro-life state where the lawsuit was filed.
Currently, the two embryos remain frozen at a fertility clinic in Los Angeles.


Sofia Vergara through the years








































35 Photos »


In April 2015, Loeb sued his ex in California, claiming that the actress was trying to destroy the embryos. Though Vergara contended that has no plans to thaw them, Loeb argued that he should have the right to see the fertilized eggs to term as their father. According to legal documents, the two initially had signed an agreement stating that either party could not use the embryos without the other’s consent of the other. However, it did not specify how they should be treated if Loeb and Vergara were to break up.
Loeb allegedly wanted to drop his lawsuit, which asks for the agreement to be voided, after a judge ruled that the businessman must identify two previous lovers who underwent abortions after he ­impregnated them.
“Next week the judge presiding over the case was to rule on Ms. Vergara’s request for sanctions against Mr. Loeb for refusing to comply with a court order, and on her motion for summary judgment-seeking dismissal of the case he filed against her, attempting to get control of pre-embryos that he created with Vergara,” Vergara’s lawyer, Fred Silberberg, said in a statement to Us Weekly. “That genetic material was created pursuant to a written agreement that required both parties written consent to attempt to create a pregnancy. … Reports are out that Mr. Loeb has caused a lawsuit to be filed on behalf of the pre-embryos in Louisiana, essentially trying to get the same relief that he was trying to get through his failed legal attempt in California.”


Sofia Vergara and Nick Loeb Hit the Beach After an Argument








































19 Photos »


“The media reports contend that Mr. Loeb has caused a lawsuit to be initiated claiming that the pre-embryos – which are not embryos, but rather frozen fertilized ova, have been given names by him and have a right to live,” Sillberberg said, neither confirming or denying reports of the new lawsuit from “Emma” and “Isabella.”
“For as long as I can remember, I have dreamed of being a parent.” Loeb wrote in a New York Times op-ed piece last year. “When I was in my 20s, I had a girlfriend who had an abortion, and the decision was entirely out of my hands. Ever since, I have dreamed about a boy at the age he would be now.”
“Many have asked me: Why not just move on and have a family of your own? I have every intention of doing so. But that doesn’t mean I should let the two lives I have already created be destroyed or sit in a freezer until the end of time,” he penned. “In my view, keeping them frozen forever is tantamount to killing them.”
Vergara separated with Loeb in 2014 after four years together. She’s been married to actor Joe Manganiello since 2015.


Inside Sofia Vergara's Wedding to Joe Manganiello








































24 Photos »


/n