Donald Trump Drops The Ball On Declaring June Pride Month — As Twitter Skewers Ivanka's Shoutout To Her 'LGBTQ Friends'!/n

Donald Trump has long claimed to be an LGBTQ ally — but he's really dropping the ball in showing he actually gives a shit about the community!
June 1 marks the beginning of Pride Month, a celebration that POTUS has yet to acknowledge.
In what could be a crucial point in Trump's Presidency — the chance to become the first Republican president to declare June as Pride Month — the Big Cheeto has kept more awkwardly silent than Mike Pence at a Hamilton performance.
President Bill Clinton was the first POTUS to acknowledge Pride Month. And while the tradition didn't catch on with the memorably anti-LGBT George W. Bush, Barack Obama took the proclamation a step further during his terms by holding an annual White House reception to celebrate LGBT activists.
Related: Leonardo DiCaprio Has Strong Words For Trump!
Even more infuriating, former Obama LGBTQ communications liaison Shin Inouye pointed out that Trump had issued several other proclamations for June this week, like "National Homeownership Month" and "African-American Music Appreciation Month" – but nothing for Pride.
Not every member of the First Family has kept deafeningly silent on the subject, however. Every-woman and woke activist Ivanka Trump gave a shout out to her "LGBTQ friends" on Twitter, which was returned with Twiticism referencing her history of being tone-deaf and complicit in supporting her father's agenda.
Also, what LGBTQ friends, Ivanka? LOL…
Ch-ch-check out Twitter's responses to the Trump family's reactions — and non-reactions — to Pride Month (below)! 

.@realDonaldTrump couldn't be bothered to issue a proclamation to recognize #LGBTPrideMonth. Given his record, maybe it's for the best. pic.twitter.com/EwwYU9TLC0
— Shin Inouye (@shin_inouye) May 31, 2017

pic.twitter.com/3qRlhlCEHM
— Kristy Puchko (@KristyPuchko) June 2, 2017

ACTIONS SPEAK LOUDER THAN WORDS
— Tyler #ChosenFamily (@tyleroakley) June 2, 2017

Are u serious???
— Tituss Burgess (@TitussBurgess) June 2, 2017

pic.twitter.com/5Ay1T3LPmc
— Roland Scahill (@rolandscahill) June 2, 2017

Is it me? Or is @IvankaTrump vying for the "most tone-deaf out-of-touch individual who ever lived" award?
— (((Denise A Rubin))) (@DeniseARubin) June 2, 2017


Your LGBTQ friends? pic.twitter.com/B1lpLPj4E7
— Covfefe Ortíz (@TUSK81) June 2, 2017


You openly supported and campaigned for the most anti-LGBTQ+ presidential ticket in recent times. Your words mean nothing to us.
— Jordan (@jordansdiamonds) June 2, 2017


Oh honey, if you wanted to collect Real Housewives and Drag Race gifs you could have just googled them.
— Amanda Duarte (@duarteamanda) June 2, 2017

Your "LGBTQ friends"? pic.twitter.com/YM6tDVRl5H
— Matthew D'Ambrosio™ (@drmattdambrosio) June 2, 2017


pic.twitter.com/G1IfwqnxJI
— amy (@arb) June 2, 2017
Savage!!!
/n