Jeff Lewis Is Technically a New Dad, But the Flipping Out Star Already Has Plenty of Fatherhood Prep Jeff Lewis and Gage Edward officially became parents Tuesday afternoon when their daughter Monroe Christine Lewis was born. The Flipping Out.../n
Jeff Lewis and Gage Edward officially became parents Tuesday afternoon when their daughter Monroe Christine Lewis was born.The Flipping Out star previously told People magazine he was "very excited, but...also a little terrified" about fatherhood, but we're totally confident he'll have this dad stuff on lock in to time. Reason being? Jeff might not even realize it, but he's had plenty of preparation for fatherhood.If you've ever watched an episode of Flipping Out, you know that Jeff has a very specific vision for each detail of every project. He's almost always right, as far he's concerned, so working with a difficult client can prove to be a true test of patience. Jeff's career has also forced him to accept the fact that not everything is in his control—much like with kids.

"As the projects get bigger and more expensive, there are business managers, attorneys or accountants involved that often slow down the process," he reflected in a 2014 interview with Dwell. "Obviously that doesn't make me happy. My job is to keep the project moving. There is a client in tonight's episode who drove me over the edge. She just couldn't make a decision. When she did, she would change her mind within a week. I think every meeting with her has shortened my life span."Even the people Jeff chooses to work with cause him stress sometimes, but at the end of the day, they're more like family than staff. Take Jenni Pulos, for example: She and Jeff butt heads from time to time, but she's worked as his trusted executive assistant for more than 10 years. She's also an executive producer on Bravo's Flipping Out, and when baby Monroe was born, "Aunt Jenni" was almost as excited as the new dads themselves!

Zoila Chaves, Jeff's housekeeper, became much like a member of the family, too. Although she recently moved out of the house and switched from full-time to three-days-a-week at Jeff's, she's stayed close with her very particular client.

Jeff's already had some practice with kids thanks to Jenni's daughter Alianna, and let's not forget the many pets he and Gage have taken in through the years.

And last, but not least, isn't there something about Jeff's love for photobombing sleeping strangers that just says dad? It's so Phil Dunphy in a goofy and lovable way.In any case, Jeff, don't worry about any nervous newcomer jitters: You've got this whole dad thing down pat.(E! and Bravo are both members of the NBCUniversal family.)
/n