EXCLUSIVE! Awkward: Beau Mirchoff Promises Matty Isn't as Naive as You Think About Eva's Pregnancy—Plus, Watch an Exclusive Clip! OK, we all agree that Eva (Elizabeth Whitson) is just the worst person ever on Awkward, right? Not only is a lying psych.../n
OK, we all agree that Eva (Elizabeth Whitson) is just the worst person ever on Awkward, right?Not only is a lying psychopath intent on ruining everyone's lives at Palos Hills High, but Eva isn't even her real name!Sadie (Molly Tarlov) and Jenna (Ashley Rickards) discovered in the Awkward midseason finale that Eva, real name Amber Horn, was expelled from school as a nine-year-old after stabbing someone in the eye with a pencil (um, yikes) and has been homeschooling herself in her grandmother's house since then. That's right, she's not even a real Palos Hills High student, and yet she's managed to work her way into our favorite group of Palos Hills High teens.She's managed to turn Matty (Beau Mirchoff) against Jenna, and even claims she's pregnant...with Matty's kid! Does the crazy ever end?!

Matty immediately stepped up to take responsibility for the pregnancy in the midseason finale, but how is he going to handle impending fatherhood when Awkward returns tonight?"He's going to get the crib ready and paint that room baby blue!" Mirchoff tells E! News with a laugh. "No, I think Matty is just going to roll with it. If she really is pregnant, then he's going to do the appropriate thing and man up, be the father. But we don't know if Eva's being completely honest with her actions."While Awkward fans are skeptical that proven-liar Eva is telling the truth, it's been frustrating seeing how Matty is just taking her word at face value. But according to Mirchoff, fans shouldn't write Matty off just yet. "I think Matty may seem like he is on the peripheral right now and kind of naïve to all her inner workings that's going on," he says. "But he's actually a little more sly than that at the moment. He knows some things. And he knows there is something a little fishy going on. He's ready for anything."Don't want to take Mirchoff's word at face value? We've got proof that he's telling the truth, and it's way better than discovering a Homeland-level-crazy wall of creepy pictures like what Sadie and Jenna found in Eva's/Amber's room. Watch an exclusive clip from the Awkward midseason premiere below to see why:

NEWS: Awkward season four features more hooking up!
/n