 Biden Ex Claims Veep’s Son Hunter Is Out Of Control, Spent $120K On Hookers & Drugs!.../n
Hooking up with his dead brother’s widow isn’t Hunter Biden’s only scandal: RadarOnline.com has learned that former Vice President Joe Biden’s son Hunter has been accused of spending more than $120,000 on hookers, drugs, and a dark secret life in his nasty divorce.
As Radar reported, Hunter is dating his dead brother Beau’s widow Hallie, after splitting from wife Kathleen in 2015. The two had been separated since then, but she finally filed divorce papers on February 23 – and they are explosive.
According to the court papers obtained by Radar, Hunter spent $122,000 in just two months because of his wild spending.
“His spending rarely relates to legitimate family expenses, but focuses on his own travel (at times multiple hotel rooms on the same night), gifts for other women, alcohol, strip clubs, or other personal indulgences,” Kathleen says in the papers, which were filed in DC.
And she says it’s been going on for months.
“Throughout the parties’ separation Mr. Biden has created financial concerns for the family by spending extravagantly on his own interests (including drugs, alcohol, prostitutes, strip clubs, and gifts for women with whom he has sexual relations), while leaving the family with no funds to pay legitimate bills,” she claims in the filing.
PHOTOS: Look Away, Barack! Malia Obama’s Top 10 Most SHOCKING Photos EXPOSED
According to the paperwork, Hunter has cut his payments to her and their children from $75,000 a month to just $17,000.
“In spite of significantly reducing available funds for Ms. Biden and the children, Mr. Biden secretly continued to spend lavishly, while complaining to Ms. Biden through counsel about the financial issues of the family and Ms. Biden’s spending,” the filing alleges.
PHOTOS: President Obama Through The Years
Hunter’s attorney, Sarah Mancinelli, told Page Six, “Hunter and Kathleen have been separated for some time and are in the process of finalizing a divorce. Hunter loves and admires Kathleen as a person, a mother, and a friend. He hopes their privacy can be respected at this time.”
Beau Biden died of cancer in May 2015.
Former VP Joe has stated he supports Hunter and Hallie’s relationship.
Story developing.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n