Shirley Manson to "Petty" Kanye West: "Beyoncé Doesn't Need You Fighting Any Battles on Her Account" The ire continues! Kanye West might be one of Beyoncé's most outspoken supporters, but according to Shirley Ma.../n
The ire continues!Kanye West might be one of Beyoncé's most outspoken supporters, but according to Shirley Manson, he was way out of line when he ranted about the "XO" singer losing the Grammy for Album of the Year. "Beck needs to respect artistry and he should have given his award to Beyoncé," West said on E!'s After Party . To not bestow the singer with the night's top honor, he argued, was "disrespectful to inspiration.""We as musicians have to inspire people who go to work every day," the "Only One" rapper said, "and they listen to that Beyoncé album and they feel like it takes them to another place."Even Beck predicted she would "absolutely" win, telling People, "Come on! She's Beyonce!"Imagine his surprise when Morning Phase bested the artist's self-titled fifth effort.

Via an open letter published to Facebook Monday, Manson, 48, went H.A.M. on West."Dear Kanye West, it is YOU who is so busy disrespecting artistry. You disrespect your own remarkable talents and more importantly you disrespect the talent, hard work and tenacity of all artists when you go so rudely and savagely after such an accomplished and humble artist like BECK. You make yourself look small and petty and spoilt. In attempting to reduce the importance of one great talent over another, you make a mockery of all musicians and music from every genre, including your own. Grow up and stop throwing your toys around. You are making yourself look like a complete t--t," wrote Manson, whose rock band, Garbage, has never won a Grammy. "Ps. I am pretty certain Beyoncé doesn't need you fighting any battles on her account. Seems like she's got everything covered perfectly well on her own."Garbage has been nominated for seven Grammys since 1997. West, meanwhile, has won 21 Grammys from 53 nominations since 2005. Beck has been nominated for 16 Grammys over the years, though until Sunday, the "Blue Moon" rocker hadn't won an award since 2000.Don't feel too sorry, for Beyoncé: Since 2000, she's won 20 Grammys from 53 nominations.
/n