Trans Icon Janet Mock Hits Back At Lil Duval & The Breakfast Club Crew For Using Her As A Prop In THAT Transphobic AF Interview/n

UPDATE 6:47 P.M. EST: Lil Duval is doubling down on his remarks, telling TMZ that he has no issue with the LGBT community past the possibility of someone being lying to him in bed. He also maintains that he would resort to murder if that ever happened. *eyeroll* Well, buddy, first you actually have to get someone to go to bed with you.

Janet Mock is not here for your punchlines, she's a person and should be treated as such.
Sadly, Lil Duval and the hosts of The Breakfast Club forgot this as they used her as prop in a transphobic conversation on the radio show. In case you missed it, the comic stopped by TBC for a visit with Angela Yee, Charlamagne tha God, and DJ Envy and somehow got on the topic of what his thoughts were on dating a transgender person.
Related: Late Night SOUNDS OFF On Trump's Transgender Military Ban
In one of the most offensive moments in The Breakfast Club's history, the 40-year-old didn't just refuse to entertain the idea that he'd date a transgender woman — he threatened to kill a sexual partner if he discovered they were trans! So awful.
As Miz Mock, who is a celebrated transgender author, had JUST been on the radio program, the hosts held up her book (titled Surpassing Uncertainty) and asked the funny man to give his thoughts on Janet. Unsurprisingly, Lil Duval spoke from ignorance as he misgendered her and belittled her experience.
Thankfully, the 34-year-old has since clapped back as she penned the following for Allure: 

"The hosts laugh after using my image as a literal prop — just days after I was a guest on the same show — for laughs, vitriol, and a deeper call and justification for violence. Just so we are all clear: On a black program that often advocates for the safety and lives of black people, its hosts laughed as their guest advocated for the murder of black trans women who are black people, too!"
You tell 'em, sis! The author of a New York Times bestseller continued:

"It's this deplorable rhetoric that leads many cis men, desperately clutching their heterosexuality, to yell at, kick, spit on, shoot, burn, stone, and kill trans women of color… Until cis people — especially heteronormative men — are able to interrogate their own toxic masculinity and realize their own gender performance is literally killing trans women, cis men will continue to persecute trans women and blame them for their own deaths. If you think trans women should disclose and 'be honest,' then why don't you work on making the damn world safe for us to exist in the first place? The 'I'd kill a woman if I found out' rhetoric is precisely why so many women hold themselves so tight — the stigma and shame attached to our desires need to be abolished."
Snap! Snap! Oh, and Janet had a few choice words for Duval and the TBC crew, as she added:

"Duval purposefully misgendered me (as the hosts laugh, thereby cosigning) in an attempt to put me in my place and erase my womanhood. Their fragile masculinity would not allow them to recognize a simple truth: I am an accomplished, beautiful black trans woman. Your willful ignorance will not stop me from being exactly who I am. My sisters and I are here and we exist, and you will not diminish our light and our brilliance."
Preach it loud and proud!
We couldn't be prouder of Janet for tackling this controversial interview head on.
[Image via Instagram.]
/n