 Jacob Roloff Admits He ‘Rebelled’ Against Family: ‘I Said Inflammatory Things’.../n
Two years after Jacob Roloff quit his family’s reality show and accused his parents of ripping off his TV fortune, the Little People, Big World black sheep is speaking out about his rebellion.
“I remember at that time, I was causing strife….I said inflammatory things,” he told fans on his new web series, Rock & Roloff Road Trip. “Even as I said those things, I would admit that in about a year, I’d probably regret some of this.”
The 20-year-old son of Amy and Matt Roloff explains he had just made some major changes in his life around the time he began mouthing off on social media.
“I rebelled…I left the show and I left the religion I was brought up with, and I left it in a pretty flamboyant way,” he recalls. “Now I’m like I don’t need to hate it. Essentially that is to say, I grew up.”
PHOTOS: ‘Little People,’ Big Feud! Rebel Son Jacob Roloff’s 10 Biggest Disses To His Family
“People have to be allowed to go out of their minds for just a second at least.”
After delving into literature and other studies, Jacob insists he learned to think before he writes.
“The more you talk, the less you know. I started believing that,” he tells fans in the video.
Despite his claims he’s called a truce with his family, Jacob has slammed their TLC reality show in recent months.
PHOTOS: ‘Little People, Big World’s Jacob Roloff Quits Show, Exposes Family’s Reality Fakery!
In a blog post earlier this year, he called the long-running series “fake” and “inherently staged.”
Meanwhile, he remains on good terms with mom Amy, 52, and his brother Zach, 27.
Earlier this week, Jacob and his girlfriend Isabel Rock Garreton visited Zach’s newborn son, Jackson, in Oregon after a long road trip around the northwest.





 We grew very tired very fast of the desert, but Arches NP is where I found out about baby Jackson being born so it is special — and another reason why we blasted thru to California.. Love bein an uncle so far. Love Little Man.
A post shared by Jacob Roloff (@jacobroloff45) on Jun 4, 2017 at 10:51am PDT



“Love being an uncle so far,” Jacob gushed.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n