Amber Rose Claims Kanye West Bullied Her for Years/n





                    Amber Rose Reveals She Was Never "In Love" with Kanye West
                







Sorry, Kanye West.

 MORE >>










                    The Original Version of Kanye West's 'Famous" Called Out Amber Rose
                







It's on!

 MORE >>





Amber Rose’s relationship with Kanye West left a bad taste in her mouth.

Though it’s been seven years since their breakup, the How to Be a Bad B*tch author is still reeling from being labeled as the rapper’s ex-girlfriend. During her recent appearance on Complex magazine’s Everyday Struggle, Rose revealed that she’s still not on the best terms with her former bae.
“In all of my relationships, I have been the one that’s heartbroken,” she said “I have never cheated on any of my boyfriends, and still have never said anything mean about Kanye.”
She added, “This is after six, seven years of constant bullying from him.”


25 Times Amber Rose Proved She's One Hot Mama








































25 Photos »


Rose also expressed that Blac Chyna is going through the same after her headline-making split with Rob Kardashian. Defending her friend, the 33-year-old believes the mother-of-two is being treated poorly by the public.
“People look at the media and they go, ‘She’s like this.’ Chyna is an amazing mom. She is an amazing person. She’s extremely loving,” she said. “I was around when her and Rob first met, and I’ll tell you firsthand that they very much loved each other.”
“They both wanted to have Dream,” Rose continued, refuting Kardashian’s claims that Chyna only had their child to spite Tyga and Kylie Jenner. “It wasn’t a mistake.”
“I never want my daughter to be raised by a woman like Chyna who cheats and does drugs and alcohol with my baby in the house. She could only breastfeed for 4 weeks because she wanted to drink alcohol so bad,” Kardashian previously wrote in a now-deleted Instagram post. “My daughter is the best thing that happened to me and she will know that Chyna did this out of spite not love ’cause she’s mad my little sister took her baby daddy.”





/n