Inside Kanye West's Drug Hell — 'The Hardest Job For Him Now Is To Get Clean!'/n
A psychotic Kanye West was sky-high on booze and a cocktail of drugs when he suffered the violent mental breakdown that left him handcuffed to a stretcher and on a suicide watch!
The troubled rapper has been using booze and prescription pills for a decade — and has even been rumored to be hooked on cocaine — and his addiction sent him spiraling into a deep depression that triggered his meltdown, sources divulged to RadarOnline.com.
“Kanye’s drugs of choice are cocaine and booze, Hennessy specifically,” a source claimed. “He’s got big problems!”
What’s more, the loudmouth star has boasted in his music about taking the antidepressant Lexapro.
PHOTOS: From NY to LA! Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Living Separate Lives Amid Divorce Rumors
Shockingly, wife Kim Kardashian is well aware of his drug binges — and it’s pushed their two-year marriage to the brink.
“Kanye would go to a drug den hangout in West Hollywood to get away from everything,” the source told Radar.
“He’d disappear for days or weeks at a time. He and Kim had huge bust-ups over it.”
West’s drug woes peaked with a “medical emergency” on Nov. 21, when the 39-year-old hit maker began “acting erratically” at a gym in Los Angeles, and his personal physician summoned help.
PHOTOS; Drifting Apart! Kim Kardashian & Kanye West’s Separate Lives EXPOSED
West “suffers from temporary psychosis due to sleep deprivation and dehydration,” Dr. Michael Farzam told emergency responders.
As the drama unfolded, West lashed out at medics, and was handcuffed to a stretcher en route to the hospital, law enforcement sources told Radar.
“He got all kinds of crazy and delusional because he was high as a kite,” the source said.
“He hadn’t slept, was high for days and began having hallucinations and paranoia.”
West was hospitalized on a psychiatric hold and placed on suicide watch, according to the source, because he’d once confessed: “There were times that I contemplated suicide.”
West had previously “been diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia,” a friend of 20 years told Radar.
“When his mother was alive she kept him on those meds. She was his rock. After she passed away nine years ago, he just went crazy [on hard-core drugs].”
West has rapped about taking Lexapro, a drug used to treat anxiety and depression. But it’s known to cause agonizing side effects, including electric shock sensations to the brain, sexual dysfunction and hallucinations.
PHOTOS: ‘Miserable’ Kim’s Secret Meltdown Over Kanye REVEALED!
“It plays havoc with a person’s brain chemistry, and people can become suicidal,” addiction expert Dr. Gregory Smith told Radar. “He needs effective intervention, not more drugs!”
Withdrawal can be just as bad — and sometimes worse.
Psychologist and certified addiction specialist Veronica Tsai noted, “It sounds like he’s exhibiting side effects from not being compliant with his medication.”
Now it’s feared West could lose daughter North, 3, and son Saint, who turns 1 on Dec. 5.
If West is judged an “unfit parent,” Child Protection Services will “start an investigation and take the children away from him,” renowned CPS specialist Roland Bini told Radar.
Relationship expert Dr. Gilda Carle sympathized, saying: “He’s a tortured soul. The hardest job for him now is to get clean.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n