 Demi Didn't Do It: Moore's House Boy Comes To Her Defense In Wrongful Death Drowning Lawsuit.../n
RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal that Demi Moore’s house manager is backing up the actress in the wrongful death lawsuit stemming from a drowning death at her Beverly Hills mansion.
As Radar reported, Moore was hit with a wrongful death lawsuit by the parents of 21-year-old Edenilson Steven Valle, who died during a July 2015 party at her home.
The actress was out of town when Bessy Wong and Moore’s house manager, Lenny Hernandez, hosted the party that resulted in Valle’s tragic drowning death.
PHOTOS: Demi Moore Marriage Shocker — Did Tallulah Willis Tie The Knot Behind Her Back?
According to reports, the majority of the guests left the residence at one point but returned later to discover the male victim floating face down in the pool.
Law enforcement sources claimed the victim could not swim and died after he tripped over something and fell into the pool.
Valle’s parents originally sued Tree House Trust, the trust who owned the property, and had left Moore out of the lawsuit. However, they have since added Moore as a defendant, along with Hernandez and Wong.
READ THE COURT DOCUMENTS
“House manager Lenny Hernandez knew there was drinking that night and in fact she was serving alcohol at a party which was unsafe to host,” read the complaint.
Valle’s parents accused Moore of contributing to their son’s death, citing the fact that there were no depth markers or safety signage in the 10-foot-deep pool. Furthermore, they stated, the area around the pool had rocks and created a tripping hazard and they noted the pool was heated to 101 degrees, which could cause harm.
Moore has fired back at the lawsuit, blasting all accusations that she did anything wrong or that her actions played a factor. She demanded the entire case be tossed.
PHOTOS: Demi Moore’s Star Style Evolution
Moore argued the victim’s own negligence caused or contributed to his death and, if any damages are awarded, they should be proportional to his percentage of fault. She said that the man knowingly and voluntarily assumed the risk alleged in the complaint.
Moore also pointed out she wasn’t even on the property at the time of Valle’s death, and said the man was not lawfully on her private property.
Meanwhile, house manager Lenny Hernandez has filed her response to the wrongful death lawsuit. Like Moore, she also denies any liability for the death of Edenilson Steven Valle.
PHOTOS: Moving On: Demi Moore Sells $75 Million Pad She Once Shared With Exes 
Hernandez insisted Valle caused his own death due to his own negligence of failing to exercise a degree of care and caution while on Moore’s property.
Hernandez also claimed that Valle was of legal drinking age on the night in question. She said she should not be held responsible for Valle’s decisions, pointing out that he was an adult without special needs and should have been able to care for himself.
Hernandez is demanding the entire lawsuit be tossed and Valle’s family not see a dime.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n