 Conrad Roy’s ‘Thrilled’ Grandpa Demands Michelle Carter Get 'Maximum’ Sentence.../n
Michelle Carter broke down in a Massachusetts court when she was found guilty of involuntary manslaughter, but the late Conrad Roy III’s family finally had reason to celebrate after years of pain. The victim’s family exclusively revealed to RadarOnline.com their relief over the verdict.
“We’re thrilled to be honest with you,” Roy’s grandfather Conrad told Radar. “It’s been many long, painful years that we’ve been dealing with this. Hopefully our family can now regroup.”
While the family will have to wait until August 3 for the sentencing of Carter, who faces up to 20 years in prison, they hope she will receive the maximum punishment.
PHOTOS: Most Notorious American Murder Trials
“I hope she gets a long time,” he said. “The maximum, 20 years.”
Conrad revealed that Carter’s family has not reached out before or after the verdict.
“Never, no one has ever talked to us,” he said. “Nothing. We didn’t know anything about her doing this from July to February. We didn’t know that she was involved. All we knew is that it was a suicide.”
The victim’s aunt Rebecca Maki added that the Roy family is “pleased with the outcome.”
PHOTOS: The 10 Most Sensational Celebrity Murder Cases
Carter, 20, was found guilty of involuntary manslaughter on Friday, June 16 for the 2014 death of her friend. Carter sent him a series of texts encouraging him to commit suicide, even texting him to “get back in” when he had second thoughts about hooking a water pump that emitted carbon monoxide into his truck. He ultimately died inside the car.
“The court finds that instructing Mr. Roy to get back into the truck, which constitutes wanton and reckless conduct by Miss Carter [sic],” Judge Lawrence Moniz said. “She is mindful that the process [of killing himself] in the truck will take approximately 15 minutes. She instructed Mr. Roy to get back into the truck, well knowing all of the feelings he has exchanged [about suicide.]”
Carter’s defense lawyer Joseph P. Cataldo said he was “disappointed” in the verdict.
PHOTOS: Most Shocking ‘Not Guilty’ Verdicts
In other texts, she told Roy, “You’re gonna have to prove me wrong because I just don’t think you really want [to commit suicide]. You just keep pushing it off to another night and say you’ll do it but you never do.”
What do you think of the verdict? Tell us in the comments.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n