'RHOBH' At War! Lisa Vanderpump Reveals Season 7 Secrets/n
Real Housewives of Beverly Hills Season 7 is fully underway and RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned from Lisa Vanderpump that the drama has reached a whole new level!
The cast members – Vanderpump, 56, Lisa Rinna, 53, Erika Girardi, 45, Eileen Davidson, 57, and newcomers, Dorit Kemsley and Eden Sassoon – are already at each other’s throats!
PHOTOS: Fights & Frenemies! ‘Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills’ Season 7 Secrets REVEALED 
At an event to promote her new line of Vanderpump Pets products at Petco in NYC last week, Vanderpump, 56, told Radar, “Last season I was beaten up by the girls.”
“But it’s changed a bit this season. Last season they were all pretty d**n mean http://radaronline.com/celebrity-news/rhobh-feud-lisa-vanderpump-eileen-davidson-feud-murder-dogs-comment/ to me. That was last year though, and this is this year,” Vanderpump said.
As previously reported, the RHOBH cast accompanied Vanderpump to Hong Kong, China, earlier this year to protest against the Yulin Meat Festival, and the entire trip was documented to be included in this current season.
“We were in Hong Kong and filmed part of the upcoming season’s show there,” Vanderpump confirmed to Radar.
“We saved a couple of hundred dogs from the meat truck and we have them in a sanctuary now. The Vanderpump Dog Foundation just sent them blankets because it is getting really cold there. Some of the dogs were reunited with their owners because they were stolen to be tortured and beaten alive. It is really that bad,” she said.
PHOTOS: Tantrums & Tears! Inside The Over-The-Top Emotional ‘RHOBH’ Reunion Taping
Meanwhile, as Radar reported, newcomers Sassoon and Kemsley are definitely stirring up some drama already.
“Dorit is my friend,” Vanderpump said when asked about the rookies coming on board.
“She is fun but she gets herself in trouble definitely. Dorit definitely has an opinion. I think that is what housewives is about. It is about women with opinions. Sometimes things get a little complicated. Dorit and Erika just had a really rough time together.”
Are you watching Season 7? Why or why not? Tell us your thoughts below.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n