 What Does George Clooney See In Her? Red Hot Bikini Babe Stacy Keibler Heats Up Mexico!.../n
By Radar Staff
Fresh faced good looks? Check! Rock Hard abs? Check! Toned and tan legs for miles? Check!
Hmmm, we can’t help but wonder what George Clooney sees in her!!PHOTOS: Bikini Babe Stacy Keibler Shares Snaps Of Her South Of The Border Vacation
The Academy Award winning actor’s hard-bodied girlfriend Stacy Keibler, stripped down and showed off her enviable abs in Cabo, Mexico on Thursday – and RadarOnline.com has the photos.
The former pro wrestler, who has been dating the hunky confirmed bachelor for more than a year now, looked absolutely flawless in a strapless bikini, lounging in a hammock with a pal overlooking the ocean.
PHOTOS: George Clooney & Stacy Keibler Pack On The Red Carpet PDA
As RadarOnline.com previously reported, Clooney’s older sister Adelia Zeidler, opened up about her sexy sibling last month in her first tell-all interview – shooting down rumors George is gay, and explaining why she doesn’t think he’ll ever tie the knot with Keibler.
“That’s quite ridiculous,” Adelia told the New York Daily News regarding whispers that Clooney’s well-documented playboy lifestyle is a ruse to mask his sexual attraction to men. “We don’t even listen when people say things like that anymore.”
PHOTOS: The 10 Most Scandalous Bikini Self-Portraits On Social Media 
George, 51, was married to actress Talia Balsam from until 1989 until 1993 – a phenomenon that his sister said is unlikely to strike twice. Asked about George’s chances of tying the knot with Keibler, Adelia said, “No I would say he probably will not get married.
“If I had to guess I would have to say no,” she said. “I know everyone says, ‘Well Warren Beatty said he’d never get married, and then he met Annette Bening,’ but you know that’s the only example people can think of, so it doesn’t bode too well.”
PHOTOS: Celebs In The Sexiest And Skimpiest Bikinis On The Beach
Well, lay back, relax, and enjoy while you can Stacy — it’s a tough job, but someone’s got to do it!
RELATED STORIES:
Return To The Smooch Scandal Scene! Stephanie Seymour Back In St. Barts With ‘Rich Kid’ Sons
‘Former Fat Person’ Kelly Osbourne Flaunts Body After 60 Lb Weight Loss, Reveals Diet SecretsTopless Bikini Babe! Heidi Klum Flaunts Her Assets On The BeachKate’s Flawless At 45! Walsh Flaunts Fabulous Bikini Body In Miami /n