Fifth Harmony Clearly Doesn't Miss Camila Cabello/n

Fifth Harmony is doing just fine without Camila Cabello.
As you surely know, Harmonizers were left shocked at the end of 2016 when it was announced that the 20-year-old was leaving the X Factor-formed girl group. Of course, more drama arose when the remaining ladies of 5H accused Taylor Swift's pal of bouncing via her reps. Awkward!
Related: Camila Wishes Her 5H Exit Wasn't So Dramatic!
Nonetheless, it seems as though the dramatic days are behind Fifth Harmony as they — Ally Brooke Hernandez, Normani Kordei, Dinah Jane Hansen, and Lauren Jauregui — were more than willing to open up to Billboard about Camila's exit and discussed how they've taken control of their careers. On the Bad Things performer's decision to do her own thing, Ally noted: 
"I get to sleep at night knowing we did everything in our power as friends, bandmates and human beings [to make it work]… You can't change people."
Although the situation was upsetting, it appears the ladies are far better off without Cabello. Hansen even quipped:
"Let's just say we're in a better place now — there are no secrets in this circle."
So… is 5H looking to recruit a new member?? After a resounding "heeeell naaaw," Hernandez quipped:
"The fans. They are our fifth member."
Awwww. Still, at the end of the day, Camila's call to quit felt like a slap in the face to her bandmates. In fact, Jauregui was pretty scared about what would happen to their group following the It-girl's departure. Lauren explained:
"We'd put blood, sweat and tears — and birthdays and funerals we missed — into this thing. It's our livelihoods and our families.' This is the train, and now you're like, ‘Is the conductor going to come through with the coals, or are we left here to die?'"
Talk about an intense situation. Thankfully, Harmonizers and others rallied around the girl group enough so that they felt the strength to carry on with their 7/27 tour and to work on a third album. And per Ally's account, they honestly "could not be happier."
Related: Camila Just Took On Bieber's Remix Of Despacito
It probably helps that A) the women have gone on to do their own creative projects outside the group and B) they hired powerhouse attorney Dina LaPolt who successfully renegotiated the girls' contract with Epic records.
On how they've changed over the years, Dinah relayed:
"We were little girls coming off of a TV show and had a team of people trying to sculpt us into something we weren't."
FUN FACT: Fifth Harmony has since taken on a large portion of the songwriting for their upcoming album. Good for them!
We're definitely excited to see what comes next for 5H — good luck, ladies!
[Image via Billboard.]
/n