There Might Be a Way to Save Bonnie on The Vampire Diaries, Thank Goodness Not to alarm you or anything, but heading into the season finale of The Vampire Diaries, Bonnie Bennett is trying to kill basically everyone she loves in the world. I.../n
Not to alarm you or anything, but heading into the season finale of The Vampire Diaries, Bonnie Bennett is trying to kill basically everyone she loves in the world. It's cool! Surely her vampire friends will find a way to unlink her from the magic that's imbuing her with an unquenchable thirst to eradicate the vampire race, right?!That's what they're going to have to do in the finale, and creator Julie Plec tells E! News that we should definitely worry about the characters we love. Who knows if they can stop this evil that's made its home inside Bonnie before she follows through and actually kills one of them?"I think you need to be a little bit worried about everybody, because otherwise it wouldn't be the end of the season," the showrunner tells E! News after the penultimate episode of the season saw Bonnie mark her BFF Caroline and her love Enzo—not to mention practically succeed in killing her BFF Damon.Heading into the finale, "They have a laundry list of things they need to accomplish," Plec says.

We'll have more with Plec teasing the finale next week, but in the meantime, here's a quick reminder as to what the heck happened in tonight's episode, "Requiem for a Dream."Caroline, Enzo, and Damon all tried (and seriously failed) to reason with Bonnie and make her realize she didn't actually want to kill them. She nearly succeeded in murdering the heck out of Damon, but Matt stopped her before she could actually do it (thankfully). Enzo discovered that there is a way to save Bonnie from the magic that's making her murderous—they need to unlink her from the Everlasting, and they need to open the Armory back up.Oh, and Stefan and Caroline had a real heart-to-heart about their feelings for each other—could there be hope for Steroline after all?The Vampire Diaries season finale airs Friday, May 13 at 8 p.m. on the CW.
/n