TV Buzz: ABC Orders Full Seasons of ‘Scandal,’ ‘The Neighbors’; ‘X Factor’ Pushes Live Shows Up to Wednesday/n





                    Mirchoff on 'Wizards'
                









 MORE >>










                    'up all night' season 2
                







The cast and creator of the NBC show preview Season 2.

 MORE >>





 FOX’s The X Factor has pushed up its the kickoff of its live shows. Originally slated to bow on Thursday night, the quick World Series sweep by the San Francisco Giants has brought the show back to its original Wednesday-Thursday schedule. The Top 16 acts will perform live on a special two-hour episode. Wedenesday’s first live show will feature the debut of hosts Khloé Kardashian Odom and Mario Lopez alongside judges Simon Cowell, Demi Lovato, Britney Spears and L.A. Reid. The top finalists will be revealed on Thursday at 8 PM. [FOX]
ABC has given full season orders to freshman comedy The Neighbors and sophomore drama Scandal. Though The Neighbors was universally panned by TV critics, the show about a couple (played by Jami Gertz and Lennie Venito) who live in a community full of aliens has performed decently in the ratings. Meanwhile the Shonda Rhimes-produced Scandal has held its ratings steady on Thursday nights. [THR]

Sports ruled the night in the ratings Sunday. FOX won the night overall with an average of 17.3 million viewers possibly due to runover from an afternoon NFL game. Game 4 of the World Series, which saw the San Francisco Giants sweep the Detroit Tigers, trailed NBC’s Sunday Night Football from 8 to 11 PM. ABC and CBS’ Sunday night line ups remained steady in the ratings compared to last week. [Zap2it]
 

celebuzz's top 23 episodes to watch this halloween 








































23 Photos »



British Girl Group The Saturdays are getting their own show on the E! network. The group, made up of Mollie King, Frankie Sanford, Vanessa White, Una Healy and Rochelle Humes, have had 11 Top 10 singles in the UK. Their show, Chasing The Saturdays, will follow the ladies as they take on life in Hollywood and record their new album. Chasing The Saturdays will premiere on Jan. 20 at 10 PM on E! [E!]
FOX’s midseason thriller The Following has just added Common Law’s Warren Kole in a recurring role. The actor will play Roderick, an important follower of serial killer Joe Carroll (James Purefoy). Roderick does many tasks for his recently escaped master. The show also stars Kevin Bacon as FBI agent Ryan Hardy. The Following premieres Monday, Jan. 21 at 9 PM. [TVLine]
Chloe Sevigny, who can currently be seen on FX’s American Horror Story, is set to star in new A&E pilot, Those Who Kill. Adapted from a Danish crime series based upon book by Elsebeth Egholm, the show focuses on a police detective and forensic profiler who have a keen understanding of the serial killers they go after. Sevigny will play detective Catherine Jensen in the Boston Police Department’s Homicide Division. [Deadline]
 

meet the cast of 'american horror story: asylum' 








































11 Photos »


Wheel of Fortune and Jeopardy have both been renewed through 2016. The renewal brings the popular game shows into their 33rd and 32nd seasons respectively. In addition, hosts Pat Sajak, Vanna White and Alex Trebek have all renewed their contracts. Wheel of Fortune is currently the No. 1 game show on broadcast television while Jeopardy is No. 2. [TV Guide]
Actor Mark Deklin is replacing Switched at Birth’s Chris Wiehl in an upcoming episode of ABC’s Castle. The episode, which is currently in production and includes guest spots from Nancy Lee Grahn, Jack Wagner and Brendan Ford, is title “Significant Others.” There is no word on why Wiehl stepped down. [TVLine]
AMC’s Hell on Wheels has been renewed for Season 3. The show recently finished its second season with an average of 2.4 million viewers. Though the ratings were down from Season 1, its though this could be due to AMC’s dispute with the Dish network. The third season order is for 10 episodes. [Deadline]
 

the best quirky comedies and dramas including 'community'








































7 Photos »



Former Community Showrunner Dan Harmon has got a new gig. Adult Swim has picked up a new animated series from Harmon titled Rick and Morty. The show is set to debut in late 2013. Ten half-hour episodes have been ordered. [TVLine]
NBC’s Up All Night is changing format. The Thursday night comedy starring Will Arnett, Christina Appelgate and Maya Rudolph is moving from a single-camera to a multi-camera format for five new episodes.  The last episode to be shot in single-camera will be Episode 11 which will be completed next week. Production will shut down for three months to make the change with new shows beginning to tape in February. Episodes will debut on NBC in April or May of 2013. [Deadline]
Glee’s Grant Gustin is headed to West Beverly High on The CW’s 90210. The actor, who plays Dalton Warbler Sebastian Smythe on Glee, will appear on several episodes of 90210 this season. His character, Campbell is described as a wealthy, good looking college student from a privileged background. Gustin previously co-starred with 90210 actress Jessica Lowndes in the Lifetime TV movie, A Mother’s Nightmare. No details are provided as to when he’ll appear on the show. [THR]
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n