The 6 Best New Songs of the Week: Ariana Grande, Wild Beasts, Marissa Nadler and More/n





                    More New Music
                







Listen to last week's best new songs.

 MORE >>





Looking for new tunes? We’ve got you covered.

So much new music is released each week that it’s impossible to hear it all. Not that you’d want to; a lot of it isn’t so hot. But let us help simplify your search for new sounds with a roundup of the week’s 8 best new songs. Trust us. We have good taste. (And check out last week’s collection if your hunger has still not been sated.)
Ariana Grande – “Greedy”

Listening to this track off of Ariana Grande’s latest album makes me as though I’m rollerblading past any worries or cares in bell bottom jeans. This is a compliment to Ms. Grande, coming from a person who both loathes skating in a circle and looks terrible in wide-legged pants given my lack of height. Press play and let everything else glide away into the stark abyss. – Mia
Marissa Nadler – “Strangers”

At long last, Marissa Nadler’s ghostly, gorgeous Strangers is out. While the wait since the announcement felt long, she did give us several incredible singles to tide us over until this arrival of this happy, happy day. I personally think the album is best enjoyed when listened to as a complete work, but early song standouts (not counting singles like “Janie in Love” and “All the Colors of the Dark”) include “Dissolve,” “Nothing Feels the Same,” “Hungry Is the Ghost,” and title track “Strangers.” Listen to the latter above and prepare to float away. – Matt
Kesha – “I Shall Be Released”





Kesha chose a very fitting Bob Dylan song to cover at Dylan Fest—a tribute concert held in honor of the folk hero’s 75th birthday. She performed “I Shall Be Released,” which feature the lyrics: “I see my light come shining / From the west unto the east / Any day now, any day how / I shall be released.” Gee, what could she be singing about? The performance is emotional and raw, much like what Kesha is going through these days. – Michael
Kristin Kontrol – “Smoke Rings”

Tomorrow, Kristin Kontrol — also known as Dee Dee from Dum Dum Girls — will release X-Communicate, her debut album as a solo artist, but good news: it’s streaming in full a little early. After one listen, I can say my expectations, set by first single “X-Communicate,” have been met. An immediate favorite is the album closer, “Smoke Rings,” which begins: “I blow smoke rings into my lover’s eyes / it’s a fancy way for me to say goodbye.” It’s an image that makes me think of a Version 2.0-era Garbage song. I guess that makes sense, as she’s going on tour with them this summer. – Matt
Ariana Grande – “Knew Better/Forever Boy”

While there are many songs I immediately liked off her Ariana’s new album (like the previously released “Into You,” “Be Alright” and “Let Me Love You,” as well as “Side to Side” featuring Nicki Minaj), “Knew Better/Forever Boy” is my favorite song this week. I love the hazy, slow beat, and her voice sounds really gorgeous… even if the lyrics are at a minimal and don’t exactly show off her crazy vocal range like in some other songs. It’s an easy to listen song though, hence my jam. – Kaitlyn
Wild Beasts – “Get My Bang”

This week brings with it the news that Wild Beasts will release a new album, Boy King, in August. Rejoice! Along with that news comes a brand new Wild Beasts single. Rejoice again! “Get My Bang” is funkier, dancier than their older music, which is both surprising and, ultimately, intriguing. Bow down to the Boy King. - Matt
Come back next week (and not a moment before then! JK!) for another batch of fresh music.
/n