Teresa Giudice's Lawyer Goes On The Attack After The RHONJ Star Is Accused Of Cheating On Her Incarcerated Husband!/n

Teresa Giudice is NOT about these infidelity rumors.
As you may know, the Real Housewives Of New Jersey star and her husband, Joe Giudice, were both found guilty of bankruptcy fraud back in October 2014, but were allowed to serve their time consecutively to make sure their kids had a parent available.
Now they've been physically separated for months as Joe is currently serving his 36-month prison sentence (remember, his 41-month long sentence had five months knocked off) at the Federal Correctional Institution in Fort Dix.
Related: Teresa's First Born Is All Grown Up & Off To Prom
Of course, this situation has allowed tabloids to run wild with reports of estrangement and infidelity.
According to gossip, Mrs. Giudice has struck up a romance with an unnamed New Jersey businessman and hasn't visited Joe in prison "for a few months." Giudice's nemesis Kim DePaola made sure to fuel the chatter as she dished to Us Weekly: 

"They've been pretty cozy I'm going to say in the last five months. I think Teresa has every right to go out and find somebody else. She should leave Joe."
This obviously hasn't settled well with the ever-loyal Tre as she's tasked her lawyer, James J. Leonard, to squash the rumors. Specifically, Teresa's attorney told People that this update is "the embodiment of fake news."
LOLz, well played! Leonard didn't stop there as he slammed the report as "manufactured" and added:

"[It's] all sizzle and no steak. Sadly, Teresa is used to this. She and her family have been a target of these types of attacks for years."
We mean, he's not wrong. In case you forgot, Joe was accused of stepping out on Teresa while she was in prison serving her jail sentence.
Regardless, Teresa and Joe remain in constant contact as they talk "every day" and saw each other just "two weeks ago." The couple will also reunite on Father's Day. Awww.
Now, if for some reason you don't believe the Giudice family lawyer, another source chimed in to defend the Bravolebrity's stance. The tipster noted:

"There's no truth in [any suggestion of] an affair."
Well, there you go! Don't let these haters get you down, girl!
[Image via Ivan Nikolov/WENN.]
/n