Chris Harrison Reveals The REAL Reason Behind 'BIP' Investigation/n
Chris Harrison broke his silence on the Bachelor in Paradise scandal Tuesday morning, releasing a bombshell statement on the misconduct allegations that halted the reality show’s filming indefinitely.
As Radar readers know, an investigation kicked off Sunday after Warner Bros. released a statement explaining that they “suspended production” and are currently conducting a thorough investigation of the allegations.
“By now, no doubt, you have heard that we have suspended production on this season’s Bachelor in Paradise. I can confirm to you that this is sadly the case. Out of respect to all involved, there’s only so much I can and will say at this time. Normally with a situation like this I would not say anything until the incident is fully resolved, but with all the rumors and misinformation being put out there, I don’t find that to be possible anymore,” Harrison wrote.
PHOTOS: So Happy Together! Britt Nilsson & Brady Toops Show Off Romance On Social Media –– ‘The Bachelorette’ Stars Rebound In 6 Photos
“Let me start by saying the safety and care of the cast and crew of our show is of the utmost importance to us. It is with this thought in mind that we made the decision to suspend filming. An investigation into the situation was started immediately,” the statement continued. “Warner Bros. is handling the details of that investigation. They’re moving quickly to gather all the facts, and once that’s done, a clear, concise decision can be made about where we go from here.”
“There are a lot of competing details in the various press accounts of the incident. And there’s a lot of misinformation out there too. We urge everyone to be patient until the investigation is complete,” his statement concluded. “I know in this day and age we want — and even expect — immediate answers, but in this case, it’s just not possible. So again, I urge you to please be patient and respect the privacy of the parties involved. I will keep you as informed and up to date as I possibly can. We’re sorry for any inconvenience and disappointment this may have caused the cast, the crew and our loyal fans. It is my sincere hope that we can come to a quick resolution on this and get back to work very soon.”
PHOTOS: The Hottest Stars Of The Bachelor And Bachelorretes
Meanwhile, a cast member exclusively told Radar that many cast members believe the incident has been blown out of proportion.
“We were all there and can’t believe this is even a thing,” the star told Radar. “I just hope the investigation shows the truth behind the ‘incident.’ The cast has a pretty clear opinion about this whole situation.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n