Aaron Carter Must Be 'Relieved' After His Split With Ex Madison Parker — He Asked Chloë Grace Moretz Out On A Date!/n

Aaron Carter is single and ready to mingle.
And it seems the Fool's Gold singer has already set his sights on a new lucky lady following his split from Madison Parker. Earlier this week, Nick Carter's younger brother took to Twitter to ask out Chloë Grace Moretz after she revealed in an interview for Variety that she and her childhood pal had MAJOR crushes on Aaron back in the day.
Photos: Stars You Never Knew Were Bi!
Specifically, the Carrie actress dished:
"When I was 4-years-old I thought Aaron Carter was so cool. And then my friend, when we were both little babies back in Georgia, she liked Aaron Carter, too. We used to fight about who would date Aaron Carter one day. Who knows? Maybe we'll meet."
Aaron was clearly alerted to the crush comment as he responded online: 

Mmmm may I take you to dinner @ChloeGMoretz ?
— Aaron Carter (@aaroncarter) August 9, 2017


Hey @ChloeGMoretz - let's set up a date. The crush is mutual. 😍 https://t.co/7iYrXFjAVl
— Aaron Carter (@aaroncarter) August 9, 2017
It is so ON!! And despite having JUST broken up with his girlfriend, Aaron has made it clear that he's "really looking forward to the future" whether it "be with a man or a woman." As you surely know, the former child star and the photographer split days before the industry vet revealed he identifies as being bisexual.
Although breakups are tough, a source close to the situation says Aaron is "relieved" he got out of his relationship with Madison. The insider explained to Us Weekly:
"Madison was not a good influence on Aaron, and Aaron is better off without her. He's able to live an authentic life for the first time. He's finally free and doesn't have the anxiety he was having."
Back in July, Aaron and Madison were arrested on DUI and drug charges while in Georgia. Apparently, Aaron's sexuality revelation caused tension between himself and Miz Parker. On how the twosome's relationship ended, the tipster added:
"Madison moved out a week ago. Aaron asked her to leave and helped her pack her things, but she was angry and calling him names when she was leaving… Madison really was not supportive of Aaron's sexuality and didn't understand it."
That's actually really upsetting to hear. Nonetheless, Aaron's admission has let him see Madison's true colors as the dark-haired stunner has since made a nasty joke about Carter marrying his male publicist. While the online jab upset the 29-year-old, he's focusing on all the love he's received since coming out.
The confidant concluded:
"He didn't know how his coming out would be received. It was really scary for him. It was a huge risk. Everyone was really so positive and he needed the support."
Awwww. Here's hoping better things are in store for Aaron in the near future!!
[Image via Instagram/WENN.]
/n