Savannah Chrisley Dumped By NBA Player Boyfriend Luke Kennard/n
Savannah Chrisley apparently doesn’t know best when it comes to relationships.
RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned the 19-year-old reality star has been dumped by her NBA player boyfriend, Luke Kennard, after only two months of dating!
“Luke broke up with Savannah, and she is crushed,” a source close to situation revealed. “While they were on their recent trip to the Cayman Islands he decided that she was not the type of woman he wanted to be with anymore. He basically told her that he was done.”
PHOTOS: Homewrecker? Luke Kennard Left Longtime GF For Savannah Chrisley
But the proof is in the pictures ! As fans know, the Chrisley Knows Best teen queen has been posting non-stop photos of her and Kennard, 21, all over her social media pages (which include Instagram, Twitter and Facebook) since the two first became an official couple at the end of June.
And now all of the photos she posted are gone ,and the only ones that remain are one shot of the two of them on his Instagram.
As Radar previously reported, Kennard left his longtime girlfriend, hometown beauty Anna Castro, to be with Chrisley.
PHOTOS: Nina Agdal & Christie Brinkley’s Son Flaunt Love On Romantic Hamptons Brunch Date
According to the source, Kennard may have realized that he made a mistake.
“Savannah thinks that Luke is getting back together with Anna, and she may be right,” the source added.
On August 6 – the day after the Chrisley family arrived home from their tropical vacation – Savannahposted a heartbreaking message on Facebook, along with a photo of her walking solo on the beach.





 Huge thanks to @tamarbraxton for posting this today…I love when the right things show up at the right time! Definitely needed this today…a lot of times we all find ourselves in a "WHY? And WHAT?" state of life. Why me? What did I do to deserve this? Why God? What is your plan? We spend a lot of time asking A LOT of questions…but imagine how much different the outcome would be and how much quicker it would come if we stopped questioning and just allowed God to do His work…1 Corinthian 10:13 says, "No test or temptation that comes your way is beyond the course of what others have had to face. All you need to remember is that God will never let you down; he’ll never let you be pushed past your limit; he’ll always be there to help you come through it." So no matter what you're going through right now…turn to HIM! Let Him do the work that He has promised…because He has promised that He will never give us more than we can bare. #thankyouLord ❤️
A post shared by Savannah Faith Chrisley (@savannahchrisley) on Aug 6, 2017 at 8:39am PDT



Did you think that Savannah Chrisley will ever find real love? Tell us your thought s below.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n