Kim Kardashian Was Pregnant in Her NSFW Mirror Selfie/n





                    Kim Kardashian Finally Shares the Nude Selfie We've All Been Waiting For
                







"Nude selfies 'til I die."

 MORE >>










                    Kanye West on Kim Kardashian's Nude Selfies
                







"To not show it would be like Adele not singing."

 MORE >>





Kim Kardashian broke the internet while she was pregnant.

During her latest appearance on The View, the mom-of-two revealed she was actually carrying Saint West when she took the now-infamous naked mirror selfie that sparked major backlash online. The picture was shared in 2016 just three months after she had given birth to her son.
“I was actually pregnant in that photo,” she shared. “I just found out I was pregnant and so I had to dye my hair back. I thought, ‘You know what this is my one last shot of a good photo before my body is done,’ so I took a pic.”
“[I] truly was baffled when people still cared,” Kim recalled of its reaction. “They have seen me naked 500 times.”



A post shared by Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian) on Mar 7, 2016 at 10:21pm PST



The nude portrait, which was censored by two black bars covering Kim’s breasts and vagina, divided fans and celebrities alike. Chloe Grace Moretz and Bette Midler heavily criticized the NSFW shot, while Emily Ratajkowski defended Kim’s choice to show off her body by posing in a topless photo with the reality star weeks later.
“In all seriousness, I never understand why people get so bothered by what other people choose to do with their lives. I don’t do drugs, I hardly drink, I’ve never committed a crime—and yet I’m a bad role model for being proud of my body?” Kim penned in an essay on her app days after the selfie went viral. “It’s 2016. The body-shaming and slut-shaming—it’s like, enough is enough. I will not live my life dictated by the issues you have with my sexuality. You be you and let me be me. I am a mother. I am a wife, a sister, a daughter, an entrepreneur and I am allowed to be sexy.”


Kim Kardashian's Sexiest Instagram Photos








































36 Photos »


/n