Kristen Bell Posts First Pic of Her Daughter, Sort Of/n





                    WATCH: Kristen Bell Mocks the Gender Wage Gap in New Video
                







Why outsource labor when it costs just as much to hire women in America? 

 MORE >>





Kristen Bell, who has steadfastly kept her two daughters out of the public eye, decided to have a little fun and post a pic of one of her daughters with husband Dax Shepard.
In the cute family photo posted to Instagram on Thursday (Sept. 15, 2016), Bell, a Michigan native, stands in front of Lake Michigan, while in the far distance one can spot Shepard with one of their daughters – either Lincoln, 3, or Delta, 20 months – taking a dip.
The actress captioned the photo, “First daddy daughter swim in Lake Michigan-a right of passage for any Mitten baby.”



First daddy daughter swim in Lake Michigan-a right of passage for any Mitten baby ✋
A photo posted by kristen bell (@kristenanniebell) on Sep 15, 2016 at 7:53am PDT



Bell and Shepard were one of the first celebrities to spearhead the No Kids Policy when it came to paparazzi photos. Many media outlets (like Celebuzz) stopped posting pics of celebrities with their kids, and with less demand, the paparazzi mostly quit taking photos of minors.


The Adorable Moments of Kristen Bell and Dax Shepard








































12 Photos »


We are still able to get our cute fix with celeb kids when their parents post photos on their social media accounts (thank you, Kim Kardashian), but Bell and Shepard want to keep their girls out of the spotlight all together.
Shepard explained in a Huffington Post op-ed, “I personally believe, and I understand a lot of people differ on this point, that protecting her includes keeping her life private until the moment she decides otherwise. I think she is entitled to that. I think every minor is entitled to that.”
Bell later added, “No parent should feel like their child is being taken advantage of because of the choices they made on their career paths. The basis of the issue is keeping strangers away from children, whether they have cameras or not.”



MICHIGAN you dirty old mitten…you still make us happy after all these years. #lakemichiganbeach
A photo posted by kristen bell (@kristenanniebell) on Sep 14, 2016 at 3:19pm PDT



That’s great, but just wait until those girls are teenagers.


Kristen Bell Steps Out (In Style) For The First Time Since Giving Birth


































5 Photos »


/n