Gracie Gold and Ashley Wagner Dish on the Secret to Figure Skater-Perfect Red Lips/n

Paul Drinkwater/NBC/NBCU Photo Bank/Getty

Team USA may not have medaled in ladies’ figure skating, but they did win our unofficial PEOPLE StyleWatch top honors for their stunning beauty looks — seriously, half the office tried a red lip the day after watching their short programs. So when the two stars stopped by the P&G house on the last day of the Sochi Olympics, we had to ask exactly what their lip color of choice is — and how they get it to stay so well. 
“Lipstick really makes or breaks an outfit,” Wagner tells PEOPLE. “I am white as a ghost and when I am out on the ice, I want people to have their eyes zoom in on something. For my short program, I wanted something super-sexy, kick-butt, strong, powerful, womanly, so I went with a bold red lip.” She says she played with a ton of different hues, from orangey to “red-red-red,” finally landing on “Hot” from CoverGirl’s LipPerfection line. 
RELATED PHOTOS: The style we loved from the Sochi figure skaters!

Coincidentally, Gold reaches for the same hue, which looks deeper red on her fairer skin — it’s a favorite she picked up in August during her first CoverGirl shoot. “[The stylists] laid out a couple of lipsticks and when I looked at the color ‘Hot,’ I knew that it was the one!” she says, adding that to make it stay put, “I always put a layer of lip balm first and then I layer the lipstick on by using a lip brush to help get it into the whole lip and make a really even line.” (Wagner goes for a few more steps: “I have found that if you put on your lipstick and then you blot it off with a tissue, then add a little powder before a second coat of lipstick, you get serious staying power,” she says. “I always finish everything up with a spritz of setting spray.”)
And they’ve got tips for their covetable (and totally budge-proof) hair too. Gold’s bun has a few key steps “I start by putting in the high pony and then I run a little tease through the pony tail and spray it with dry shampoo so it is a little bit grippy and not as sleek,” she says. “Next I use bobby pins and try to cross them through and just get little pieces to anchor it and try to cross them so they interlock!” And Wagner’s ponytail requires even more than that. “It’s all about giving your hair a little tease and some nice volume in the front. A little bit of prayer helps. Prayer and hairspray helps the ponytail stay there for the rest of the program.” 
We’re not ready to say goodbye to these ladies until the next Olympics — we kind of want them to come to our house and braid our hair and talk beauty all the time! How fun is it that they love the same lipstick color? And do you believe in the power of prayer for big hair? Let us know below!
–Alex Apatoff
/n