 Britney Spears’ Former Nanny Will Testify Singer Is Being 'Emotionally Manipulated'.../n
By Jen Heger – Radar Assistant Managing Editor
Britney Spears‘ former nanny, Lourdes Torres, is going to testify that the pop singer has been emotionally manipulated throughout her court-ordered conservatorship and will offer shocking details when she takes the stand this week as a witness for Brit’s former manager, Sam Lutfi, in his lawsuit against the Spears family, RadarOnline.com is exclusively reporting.
“Lulu is going to be called as a witness by Sam Lutfi’s lawyer to testify about what she witnessed when she was a nanny to Britney’s two children, in the months after the conservatorship was put in place in 2008,” a source close to the situation tells Radar. 
“Lulu will testify that she believes Britney was being emotionally manipulated in the conservatorship and will blow the lid off of what was really going on with her. Lulu ended up quitting her job because she was so disturbed by what she saw was happening to Britney. 
VIDEO: Britney Spears Cries On The X-Factor
“Lulu signed a non-disclosure agreement so she has never been able to go public with her concerns for Britney, however, the NDA doesn’t cover a court of law and Lulu is ready to testify. Lulu’s testimony could have significant impact on the jury because she spent a great deal of time with Britney and her parents after the conservatorship was put in place. Lulu isn’t after money, she just wants the truth to come out and it will be shocking.”
As RadarOnline.com previously reported, Lutfi is suing Britney and her parents, Lynne and Jamie Spears for breach of contract, libel and defamation for comments Lynne made in a book about her life. The trial is expected to last nearly three weeks, with Lutfi, Lynne, Jamie and Brit’s fiance, Jason Trawick, all scheduled to testify.
Britney has been under a conservatorship since 2008, and has had her father and co-conservator/fiance, Jason Trawick, in charge of her life.
PHOTOS: THE X FACTOR USA 2011 Winner
Britney Spears is “terrified” she will be forced to take the stand in the trial, even though the judge handling her conservatorship has ruled she can’t be forced to testify.
“Britney doesn’t want to see Sam Lutfi or be in the same room with him again, ever. Britney is terrified that she is going to be forced to testify in the trial even though the judge handling her conservatorship ruled she isn’t mentally competent to participate,” an insider previously told Radar. 
“Sam’s lawyer is still pushing the issue with the judge handling the lawsuit though and said during a hearing this morning that he hadn’t decided about whether or not he would call Spears as a witness. The Spears’ family lawyers raised fierce objections and have vowed to wage a legal fight if Sam pushes the issue. Britney is terrified of Sam and has very bad memories about the time he was involved in her life.”
PHOTOS: Britney Spears Shows Off New Manicure At X Factor Auditions
Jury selection will resume on Tuesday and opening statements could occur on Wednesday morning.
PHOTOS: Britney Spears Confides To Jason Trawick Before Leaving X Factor Set
“Expect Lulu to be one of the first witnesses that Sam’s lawyer calls to the stand. Britney’s lawyers have no idea that Lulu is going to testify,” the source revealed.
RELATED STORIES:
Ouch! Britney Spears Rejects Former Duet Partner On The X FactorSorry Simon! The Voice Crushes Premiere Of The X FactorDemi Dissed! Angry Singer Lashes Out At Lovato On The X FactorSimon Cowell Slams ‘The Voice,’ Confirms Khloe Kardashian Frontrunner For Hosting Gig /n