‘American Horror Story’ Season 6 – Chapter 8 Recap/n





                    WATCH: Ariana Grande Runs for Her Life in an 'American Horror Story'-Inspired Haunted House
                







For Ellen DeGeneres' annual Halloween episode, she sent Ariana Grande...

 MORE >>





Warning! Spoilers ahead!

This season of American Horror Story may be winding down but the onslaught of vengeful ghoulies and backwoods cannibals is reaching a fever pitch. The latest episode offered perhaps the most new information on Roanoke, North Carolina’s incestuous clan of fiends, the Polks. And the true character of our reality stars is coming to light.
Following the death of Agnes (Kathy Bates), we didn’t get much time to ponder the real Butcher. Dominic (Cuba Gooding Jr.) and Shelby (Lily Rabe) attempt to escape the house through the basement’s secret passage but were attacked by wall-crawling creepers.
Over at the Polk farm, before they started once again slicing and dicing Lee (Adina Porter), we learned that the Polks weren’t always mangy man-eaters. They first started feasting on their fellow man when thieves stole a pig from their family during lean times. That’s when they decided they’d never go hungry again. We also vaguely learned that the Pig Man is a product of this shallow, scummy gene pool. Not to mention we learned via confession that Lee did indeed do in her daughter Flora’s father Mason (Charles Malik Whitfield), fearing he’d take away her daughter.


Sarah Paulson Talks 'American Crime Story' on 'IMDb Asks'








































28 Photos »


After fighting off the aforementioned porky person, Shelby becomes overcome with guilt when finally faced with the fact that she killed her estranged husband Matt (Andre Holland) and slit her own throat, which didn’t do Dominic any favors.
Soon Lee, Audrey (Sarah Paulson) and Monet (Angela Bassett) all escape from the inbred Polks, however they are separated. Lee and Audrey return to the house where stumble upon Matt and Shelby’s bodies. Believing Dominic had a hand in the couple’s demise, they don’t come to his aid when the Pig Man raises his pug-nosed head once again.
What once was a big cast of colorful characters is quickly dwindling and the season’s Big Bad is now more elusive than ever. Perhaps our actors and survivors are the real villains this time round. After all, they are turning on each other as much as the bloodthirsty residents of Roanoke, both alive and dead. And who is that new Pig Man impostor at the door?
Until next week!


Lady Gaga Leaves Secret Performance in Los Angeles








































20 Photos »


/n