Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez Are Already Talking About Marriage/n





                    Alex Rodriguez Confirms Relationship with Jennifer Lopez
                







It's official!

 MORE >>










                    Alex Rodriguez Meets Jennifer Lopez's Mom
                







It's a family affair!

 MORE >>





Though they’ve only been dating for a little over a month, it seems Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez are ready to take their relationship to the next level.

The couple are said to have started thinking about spending the rest of their lives together. Though both Lope, 47, and Rodriguez, 41, have been divorced in the past, it’s not stopping them from having marriage on the brain.
“They’ve been talking about the future and, of course marriage has come up,” a source reveals to Us Weekly. “They aren’t making wedding plans, but they have been talking about their lives.”
The insider adds that J.Lo’s family already approves of her new man. When Rodriguez met with the Shades of Blue actress’ mother and sister earlier this month, the Lopez clan found the retired baseball player to be “very charming and good to Jennifer.”


Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez Hit the Gym








































10 Photos »


“She hasn’t felt this way about anyone in a long time and they are very excited for her,” the insider added, noting that A-Rod has also already met 9-year-old twins Max and Emme, who Lopez shares with ex-husband Marc Anthony. “Their families love them together.”
Those close to the situation believe the “Ain’t Your Mama” songstress and the 14-time MLB All-Star are “a perfect match” given they’re both divorced with children. (Rodriguez has two daughters — Natasha, 12, and Ella, 8 — from his marriage with Cynthia Scurtis.)
“They have a lot in common and the same interests,” a Lopez insider says. “It’s going well so far. They are both hoping this goes the distance.”


Alex Rodriguez Shops with Jennifer Lopez and Her Mom








































13 Photos »


/n