Prosecutors Fight Back Against Cosby With Bombshell Date-Rape Evidence/n
After Bill Cosby’s legal team asked to have testimony and the actor’s settlement with Andrea Constand excluded from his upcoming sexual assault trial, prosecutors are fighting back!
In papers filed Thursday by the Montgomery County DA Kevin Steele, he said he is going to use pages from Cosby’s 1991 biography Childhood against him to show his obsession with aphrodisiac Spanish fly.
According to Steele, Cosby wrote “an aphrodisiac so potent that it could have made Lena Horne surrender to Fat Albert.”
PHOTOS: ‘Cosby’ Actress Secretly Told Cops About Unwanted ‘Sexual Contact’ With Bill — Read The Shocking Police Report
“These excerpts are relevant to proving that defendant had knowledge of a date-rape drug and a motive and intent to use it on the victim,” Steele claimed in the filing.
Cosby also talked about Spanish fly during an interview on the Larry King Show.
“Defendant extolled Spanish fly as a drug that ‘all boys from age 11 on up to death’ will be searching for,” according to Steele. “He explained that all it took was a single drop into a woman’s drink and she was then yours.”
PHOTOS: Janice Dickinson Stays Silent Over Bill Cosby Lawsuit
Earlier this week, Cosby’s legal team asked to exclude evidence from trial regarding his decade-old civil settlement with Constand.
Cosby’s team fears the settlement will cause “unfair prejudice,” as the jury may see it as a “confession of liability or guilt.”
Cosby, 79, also asked the judge to prevent jurors from hearing the actor admit to giving women Quaaludes, alcohol or pills before sex in a 2005 disposition. He also offered money for an educational fund.
PHOTOS: ‘We Want To Seek Justice!’ Philly DA Vows To Reveal ‘Truth’ About Cosby Sex Assault
Cosby was charged with drugging and molesting Constand in 2004.
He pled not guilty to the charges. The trial will kick off on June 5.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n