OK! Exclusive! Why Oscar Isaac’s Heartbreaking Love Life Is Ruining His Career!/nOscar Isaac’s love life isn’t going well, and it’s affecting the actor’s work! The Star Wars: The Force Awakens star supposedly split from long-time girlfriend Elvira Lind last summer, and the actor has been too heartbroken to act since.“He’s so melancholy and solitary since things ended with Elvira – she was the woman he was going to marry,” a source told Okmagazine.com exclusively. “She was also with him through his big career breakthroughs and pushing him into taking risks.”Without Elvira by his side, “his heart’s not in it any more, nor does he have the confidence,” explained the insider. “His team are now tearing their hair out because he keeps turning down top billing leading man roles.”Still, one unusual career development might come out of all this heartbreak!“He’s finding more comfort in his passion for recording music, the skill that brought him to fame in his role as the title character in Inside Llewyn Davis three years ago,” the source noted.Do you think Oscar can come back from this heartbreak? Let us know in the comments!Oscar Isaac’s love life isn’t going well, and it’s affecting the actor’s work! The Star Wars: The Force Awakens star supposedly split from long-time girlfriend Elvira Lind last summer, and the actor has been too heartbroken to act since.“He’s so melancholy and solitary since things ended with Elvira – she was the woman he was going to marry,” a source told Okmagazine.com exclusively. “She was also with him through his big career breakthroughs and pushing him into taking risks.”Without Elvira by his side, “his heart’s not in it any more, nor does he have the confidence,” explained the insider. “His team are now tearing their hair out because he keeps turning down top billing leading man roles.”Still, one unusual career development might come out of all this heartbreak!“He’s finding more comfort in his passion for recording music, the skill that brought him to fame in his role as the title character in Inside Llewyn Davis three years ago,” the source noted.Do you think Oscar can come back from this heartbreak? Let us know in the comments!/n