event that promoted the idea of sports helping to counter social challenges, the redheaded royal got quite the surprise from a young fan. Six-year-old Lottie was one of the lucky kids who got to interact with Harry, so she took the rare oppo.../n
Is Prince Harry betrothed? Not so fast!While attending an event that promoted the idea of sports helping to counter social challenges, the redheaded royal got quite the surprise from a young fan. Six-year-old Lottie was one of the lucky kids who got to interact with Harry, so she took the rare opportunity to make a bold statement."I want to marry you," she said. "I want to be a princess."Although Harry had to turn her down, he gave her the perfect rejection (if there is such a thing). "You don't want that—there's too big an age gap," he quipped. "You've been reading a lot of books."Harry also chatted with a little girl named Mattie, who caught his eye with her bright red hair. He told her, "You're nice, very pretty. Are you having fun?"



Tim Rooke/REX/Shutterstock

The event Harry attended was put on by the RFU and the charity StreetGames, which brings sports to young people "who don't have to be the richest or most sporty," says chief executive Jane Ashworth to People. "It's fantastic that Prince Harry has such a commitment to helping young people through sport," she adds."I think it's really clear from looking at the kids that they feel validated, that what they're doing is important. Harry coming here reinforces that commitment."Freestyle soccer star Andrew Henderson opened up about the prince's attendance, calling him a "great guy.""The fact he can come here and interact with the kids and have fun—it's so great to see the smile on the kids' faces," Henderson tells the magazine. Unfortunately, the rugged royal couldn't participate in any of the games, as he's suffering from some minor maladies."He said he's got a little bit of a bad back," Henderson adds. "But I know he's got some skills. He said, 'Well done,' and was really impressed. He said he knew it was possible with a [soccer ball], but he didn't know it was possible with a rugby ball."
/n