Brit Tanks, Then Breaks the Law/nIt might be time for Britney Spears to hire a new driver!With Sean Preston and Jayden James disapprovingly shaking their tiny little heads in the backseat of her brand-new white Mercedes, the popwreck's lazy Tuesday came to a screeching halt in Beverly Hills when her ride suddenly ran out of gas! Oh, that's what the flashing gas thingy on my dashboard means, y'all!Fortunately for Brit, who wasn't driving at the time, several Beverly Hills cops just happened to be in the area and helped push the whip to a nearby gas station. But Brit's luck with Johnny Law didn't last too long. Just a short time later, after Brit went back home to chill out, the self-described  "brainiac " behind the wheel, returned to the Bev -- where she was slapped with a parking ticket!It's just the latest in a string of recent driving problems for the Britster, but at least she didn't hit anybody this time!  Cops: Second Car Involved in Hogan Crash  TMZ has learned that Florida police have interviewed the driver of a silver Dodge Viper that may have contributed to Nick Hogan's horrific late night crash earlier this week, that left Nick's friend seriously injured.Sources tell TMZ that several witnesses can place the Viper near the crash scene moments before and after the collision, but it may not be the only vehicle involved.A rep for Clearwater Police Dept. tells TMZ,  "We suspect there may be others and we encourage them to come forward. "Nick's father, Hulk Hogan, happens to own a silver Viper, but cops made it very clear that the wrestler is not a suspect.As for Nick's passenger, TMZ has learned that 22-year-old John Graziano is still in  "very serious condition. " Sources inside the hospital tell us,  "John's condition hasn't changed since he arrived. " Check out TMZ's earlier video of Nick's speedy exit from the Ivy. Tiger Woods' Connection to LiLo  Lindsay Lohan and Tiger Woods have a common thread -- a paparazzo named Giovanni Arnold.Arnold, the eager autograph hunter who chased Tiger from Butter to Trump World Tower last night, is the same guy who sued Lindsay Lohan back in May, claiming she ran into him with her BMW. Lohan allegedly hit Arnold after a night at Butter on March 13.Sources tell TMZ Arnold has been walking around New York with a cane since the alleged accident -- but he clearly had no problem running after Tiger's SUV last night!  Related Article      Tiger Hunted in Manhattan   Leona Leaves $12 Million to Pooch, Zilch to Grandkids  The late Leona Helmsley -- the Queen of Mean -- left big bucks to her dog, Trouble, but not one red cent to two of her grandkids, reports the New York Post, and none to her 12 great-grandchildren either.Her will leaves a total of $50 million in bequests to Trouble the dog and three family members, and it should be noted, the rest of her estate to the Leona M. and Harry B. Helmsley Charitable Trust. That, of course, totals somewhere between $4 and $8 billion./n