Birkhead Not Buying Virgie's Grandmotherly Intentions/n
Virgie Arthur may not have been invited to her granddaughter's first birthday blowout over the weekend, but Larry Birkhead isn't feeling any pity for leaving her off the guest list."Virgie knows exactly why she can't see her granddaughter," he told E! Online of the grandma non grata. "It's because she's waging a custody battle against me in the Bahamas. It'd be a little awkward with her coming over to my house for dinner—'Virgie, pass the peas. By the way, see you in court next week.' "Birkhead lashed out at his erstwhile legal foe in the wake of comments Arthur made during a trip to the Bahamas Monday to mark the first anniversary of the passing of grandson Daniel Smith. The teen died amid still murky circumstances in his mother's hospital room on Sept. 10, 2006, just a day after the arrival of kid sister Dannielynn.Speaking to the video agency Splash News, Arthur painted herself as the wrongfully scorned party, saying she was "very saddened" at not being invited to Dannielynn's party held in Kentucky over the weekend and claiming Birkhead had effectively written her and her side of the family out of the child's life."It's very hard, you know, there wasn't anybody there from Vickie's [Anna Nicole's birth name was Vickie Lynn Hogan] side of the family," she said of the 200-strong soiree. "Not just not me, but there wasn't one relative invited."Birkhead, however, has had enough of her particular brand of kinship."She doesn't want to be a grandmother, she wants to be a money manager," he said. "She can continue to play poor-pitiful-me games to anyone who'll listen, I'm not buying it."Dannielynn has [paternal] grandmothers who are all supportive, you don't see them dragging me through every courthouse."Birkhead also told E! Online that Arthur had ample opportunities to get to know her granddaughter in the wake of his winning custody this spring, but she didn't seem nearly as interested when there wasn't a video camera documenting her grandmotherly intentions."She stood me up for a Sunday visitation," he said. "I waited all day, and she didn't show up or call. Then a few weeks later, I get a note: 'How's the baby? Is she getting her first tooth?'"She had two teeth when she was sitting in front of her in the lawyer's office. A good grandmother would remember whether her granddaughter's got teeth or not. She'd also remember to call and come over for a visitation that she scheduled...She can't remember to call me for visitation, but she can remember to file papers in the courthouse about me."While it drew the ire of Birkhead, Arthur's solo mission to the Bahamas lacked the usual fanfare surrounding previous press-courting visits to the nation. Her first stop was the Lakeview Memorial Park, the cemetery where the graves of both Daniel and Anna Nicole remain under 24-hour security."This is the anniversary of Daniel's death, and I felt that I needed to be there to be able to talk to him and let him know I'm still here and I still love him very much," Arthur told Splash. "Him and Vickie both."While hundreds of guests, including Howard K. Stern, attended Dannielynn's weekend party, the guard at the gravesite told Arthur she was the only visitor for Daniel on Monday.Stern, however, has shot down this claim as well, releasing a photo of Daniel's grave with three bouquets of flowers on it—one, made of plastic, from Arthur, and two real live specimens he says he left during the night."I visited Anna and Daniel twice yesterday under the cover of darkness because I did not want the media to capture my private moments with loved ones," he told TMZ. "In the early morning, I brought two baskets of flowers from Dannielynn, myself and others. When I visited again late at night, I found plastic flowers drilled into the ground next to our flowers.""Unfortunately, I have learned to anticipate this type of exploitative expression of alleged love and took the necessary precautions," he said of releasing the photo and statement. "I sincerely hope that Splash News has the decency not to make this a pattern for all future anniversaries, birthdays and holidays."During her trip, Arthur also expressed disappointed that longtime nemesis Stern remained "a very big part" of both Birkhead and Dannielynn's life."I really thought it would be okay, I really and truly did, like most American people did," she said of Birkhead being awarded custody of the child. "But I don't know now. I really don't know."Her doubt, it seems, stems from the fact that she has not had access to her granddaughter, unfortunate though hardly surprising, given that she ultimately turned against Birkhead and attempted to wrangle custody of the child for herself."I've asked Larry to send pictures of her, but I haven't received anything," she said.For Birkhead's part, he doesn't deny that Arthur has requested photos of Dannielynn—just that she hasn't requested them from him."Not true," he said. "The private investigator she hired to follow me around asks for photographs."She hasn't shown any respect for me, and we keep people like that at bay."Arthur said she'd "never give up hope" that she'd see her granddaughter again and made an appeal to Birkhead's empathetic side."I keep remembering Larry sitting on the witness stand in Florida, saying, 'The only time I get to see my daughter is when I buy books and pictures of her in the newspapers and on the racks of grocery stores.' I wonder, since he knows how that feels, why is he doing that to me?"And while her stop this week in the islands was a short one, she fully intends on returning to see through the continually delayed inquest into Daniel's death.The Royal Bahamas Police Force initially ruled his death an accidental overdose from a fatal combination of antidepressants, but Arthur, for one, isn't buying the party line."I hope the truth comes out. My grandson wasn't a person who took large quantities of drugs. If he had been, you would have seen him in the newspapers just like all the other young kids that struggle out there with drugs. He would've been right there in the center of all of it, especially being Vickie's child. I don't believe any of it." 
/n