Tamra Judge's Ex Blames The RHOC Star's 'Not So Classy' Behavior For Why She Lost Custody Of Her Daughter/n

There's always two sides to every story!
On Friday, Tamra Judge's ex, Simon Barney, spoke out on the BITTER custody war centering around their 16-year-old daughter, Sidney. Barney felt the need to speak out after Tamra accused him of parental alienation as the reason why Sidney chose him as the custodial parent.
Obviously, S.B. was NOT happy with her comments!
[ Video: Tamra Shares Her Tips On Surviving The RHOC — 'You Have To Be One Tough B*tch' ]
In response to Judge's comments that the Orange County dad is a "gate keeper," he fiercely responded: 
"I have always tried to keep quiet and take the high road. Unfortunately the latest barrage of negative press has warranted some kind of statement. My statement is to set the record straight with facts, truths, not fabrications and accusations."
Hmm, it does seem like the businessman has some weight to his comments — considering Sidney herself recently testified that she did not want to seek counseling with her mother. Very inneresting AND sad for all parties involved!
But wait, Simon didn't stop there! The father of three took a jab at Tam's uncouth behavior on the Real Housewives of Orange County, saying:
"Not only does my daughter have to read and hear about what her mother says about her father on the internet and various talk-shows, she is forced to relive it over and over from her 'friends and classmates. The not so classy moments her mother is so famous for on the show which she is a main cast member, i.e., bathtub scene, talking about anal sex, talking about having sex with her husband, being topless, grabbing other women's body parts, trash talking, throwing wine, drunk, having her private parts in a man's face, having a male stripper's private parts in her face and being overall abusive."
Eek. None of this is good!!
Despite Barney's comments, the real housewife is adamant that her ex is keeping their daughter away — check out her Instagram post on the situation (below)!




Thank you JT❤️. The world needs to know more about this! Let's bring awareness to PAS #childabuse #illNeverGiveUpOnYou. 😥. Why is it Not recognized in court is beyond meA photo posted by 🍊Tamra Judge🍊 (@tamrajudge) on Sep 3, 2015 at 11:43am PDT


Well, we hope parental alienation isn't a factor in this case and that Sidney is actually where she wants to be. Maybe Sid and her mom just need some time apart before they can repair their relationship.
So, who do YOU believe in this case?
[Image via Instagram.]
/n