The Best-Dressed Stars This Week: 12/20/13/nCan Margot Robbie just STOP being so hot?Camila Alves was mui caliente in a red lace Dolce & Gabbana dress at hubby Matthew McConaughey's Wolf of Wall Street movie premiere. LOVE this color on her.Kelly Rowland giving LEG in a high-slit dress and Lorraine Schwartz jewels at the X Factor wrap party.C'mon, Adele in a netted fascinator?? Doesn't get much better than this. Oh wait, that Stella McCartney dress is pretty maj too.Debby Ryan opted for a more sophisticated look at Justin Bieber's Believe movie premiere and I'm not mad at it. Her Rachel Gilbert black beaded dress with a nude underlay was both chic and flattering.Also serving serious style in a Lorena Sarbu embellished black gown with short sleeves was Anchorman 2's Christina Applegate. Is it just me or does she keep getting better and better?Cristin Milioti's blue, white and black graphic-print frock was hands down my favorite look of the week. Nailed it!If you recall, Selena Gomez rocked the longer version of this Atelier Versace dress to the VMAs, but at 45, Celine Dion is giving her "who wore it better" counterpart a run for her money.Meagan Good stunned in a nude Donna Karan gown at the New York premiere of Anchorman 2 this week. It's drapey in all the right ways.Norma Ruiz in Michael Kors was the best use of a bustier I've seen in a long time.Can Margot Robbie just STOP being so hot?Camila Alves was mui caliente in a red lace Dolce & Gabbana dress at hubby Matthew McConaughey's Wolf of Wall Street movie premiere. LOVE this color on her.Kelly Rowland giving LEG in a high-slit dress and Lorraine Schwartz jewels at the X Factor wrap party.C'mon, Adele in a netted fascinator?? Doesn't get much better than this. Oh wait, that Stella McCartney dress is pretty maj too.Debby Ryan opted for a more sophisticated look at Justin Bieber's Believe movie premiere and I'm not mad at it. Her Rachel Gilbert black beaded dress with a nude underlay was both chic and flattering.Also serving serious style in a Lorena Sarbu embellished black gown with short sleeves was Anchorman 2's Christina Applegate. Is it just me or does she keep getting better and better?Cristin Milioti's blue, white and black graphic-print frock was hands down my favorite look of the week. Nailed it!If you recall, Selena Gomez rocked the longer version of this Atelier Versace dress to the VMAs, but at 45, Celine Dion is giving her "who wore it better" counterpart a run for her money.Meagan Good stunned in a nude Donna Karan gown at the New York premiere of Anchorman 2 this week. It's drapey in all the right ways.Norma Ruiz in Michael Kors was the best use of a bustier I've seen in a long time./n