Envelopegate EXPOSED! Angry Ex-Employee RIPS Oscars Disaster/n
A former Oscars crew member told RadarOnline.com that last night’s epic envelope flub DIDN’T have to happen.
According to the man who was responsible for creating the Oscars envelopes for the past six years, Marc Friedland, “this would not have happened if my company made the envelopes this year!”
The world is still in shock after last night’s on-air disaster, which saw presenters Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway reading off the wrong envelope for the coveted Best Picture award – and handing the award over to the wrong film, La La Land, instead of the correct winner, Moonlight!
The audience in the theater and watching from home had one question: How could this happen?
NEW PHOTOS: Nip Slips, Love Triangles & Feuds! Inside The Drama-Filled Vanity Fair Oscar Party
“Although the academy decided to do it in-house this year, for the first time in six years, I can only say what happened was human error,” Friedland told Radar.
“Everyone’s worst nightmare literally played out last night when the wrong envelope was opened. But this would not have happened if my company made the envelopes this year, because we really took a lot of effort to make it as fool-proof as possible with the use of really clear type.”
“I think that people underestimate the power of really well designed communication art. That is what I do. [Taking that for granted] is like trying to take a Wolfgang Puck recipe and make it yourself. It just doesn’t work,” he said.
“It is not bizarre to have several of the same envelopes, as three sets are usually made,” Friedman claimed. “What is bizarre is the fact that they used such small font and used gold on red, which is not at all discernable.”
PHOTOS: Hot, Hot, Hot! ‘RHOBH’ Newbie Dorit Kemsley Shows Off Post Baby Bod In Skimpy Bikini
So what is so different about the envelopes created by Friedland’s company as opposed to the in-house version? According to Friedland himself, everything!
“The envelopes that we did weighed a quarter of a pound and were almost an eighth of an inch thick. The envelopes were designed so that the audience could clearly see what was on the envelope,” he said.
“I think that the Academy should invite us back in to do this because the system was really perfected. It wasn’t broken. We made it really accessible to them and cost-wise. It is left best to professionals,” he told Radar.
Do you think that the Academy should have done the envelopes in-house this year, or let professionals such as Marc Friedland continue to make them?
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n