Fergie Quits the Black Eyed Peas, will.i.am Confirms/n





                    Fergie Drops Her First Single in Two Years
                







Make that MILF money!

 MORE >>










                    Here's the New Fergie Music Video You've All Been Waiting For
                







Yas queen! 

 MORE >>





UPDATE JUNE 2, 2017: will.i.am. claims Fergie hasn’t left the group entirely, tweeting: “@Fergie is focusing on #DoubleDutchess & @BEP is doing #MastersOfTheSun… That doesn’t mean @fergie is out of the group #BEP4ever.”

The Dutchess is outta here!

Amid rumors that Fergie is quietly feuding with the rest of The Black Eyed Peas, will.i.am confirmed the singer — who joined the group as a lead vocalist in 2002 — has indeed left the quartet.
“Since the beginning of Black Eyed Peas, we’ve always had amazing vocalists that appeared on the mic with us. People like Macy Gray, Esthero, Debi Nova, Fergie. On Elephunk, there were several females that appeared on that album,” he told Ahlan! magazine. “Obviously Fergie was the featured female, but on songs like ‘Lets Get it Started,’ it’s Noelle [Scaggs], and then Fergie, songs like ‘Latin Girls,’ it’s Debi Nova, and ‘Request Line,’ it’s Macy Gray. We’ll always work with good females.”
The rapper added the remaining members will not replaced Fergie with another female star.
“As for replacing, what people know The Black Eyed Peas to be, nobody is replacing Fergie,” he explained. “She’s working on her solo project at the moment, we’re on this brand-new experience, celebrating 20 years of Black Eyed Peas putting out music. We worked on a bunch of songs on her solo record, we’re proud that she has her label, but Black Eyed Peas are pushing it forward in terms of content, technology and experiences on our new project, Masters of the Sun.”
Fans started to speculate friction between the foursome last week when band member Taboo threw some serious anti-Fergie shade, tweeting that the three-man Black Eyed Peas squad was a “classic.”

Classic @bep #95tillinfinity pic.twitter.com/3EHtbp0g1B
— Taboo Nawasha (@TabBep) May 25, 2017

He also unfollowed the “M.I.L.F. $” songstress on Twitter, but quickly added her back onto his friends’ list when fans pulled out receipts and noted BEP only gained popularity after Fergie was added into the mix.

funny tho… when did BEP reached success? pic.twitter.com/c55X5xPIld
— Gui Leite (@guialeite) May 25, 2017


even though the majority of people didn’t care for the group until Fergie joined, so is it really classic BEP?
— Tylor (@tylorda) May 25, 2017

Fergie, who hasn’t performed with the group since 2015, recently announced she was leaving Interscope Records to work on her second solo album under her own label BMG.


Fergie through the years








































18 Photos »


/n