Who Is Briana Jungwirth? Meet the Woman Who Is Pregnant With Louis Tomlinson’s Baby/n





                    Louis Tomlinson Will Be a Dad
                







#OneConception. 

 MORE >>





The One Direction fandom essentially imploded when news broke that Louis Tomlinson is reportedly expecting a baby with one-time rumored girlfriend Briana Jungwirth, prompting many to ask: “Who is this girl?”

While the alleged former couple have remained relatively quiet about the pregnancy, the two have been almost silent about Jungwirth’s true relationship with Tomlinson, 23. So, who’s really Briana Jungwirth? This is what we know so far.
1. She’s based in Los Angeles. Tomlinson has been hard at work on One Direction’s new album in Hollywood, so it’s no wonder that he’s gotten to know someone who also works and lives on his turf.
According to the California Birth Index, there is only one person named Briana Jungwirth who was born between 1905 and 1995. If this is the Jungwirth is that linked to Tomlinson, this will make her 23 years old. The Jungwirth listed was born on January 26, 1992 in San Bernardino County, Calif.
A Briana Jungwirth also graduated from Agoura High School in 2010.


10 Things to Know About Louis Tomlinson








































10 Photos »


2. Her family is from California. Jungwirth’s mother, Tammi Case, was born in Ventura County, Calif. She currently resides in Calabasas, Calif.
3. She’s been on several dates with Tomlinson. Tomlinson and Jungwirth have been photographed on numerous occasions.
In May 2015, the twosome were spotted together on three different occasions: during a night out at Hollywood nightclub The Argyle, clubbing at Project L.A. in Los Angeles, and holding hands as they left Snoop Dogg’s album release party in West Hollywood.
4. People are already intimating her. Several fake Twitter accounts claiming to be Jungwirth have already popped up.
https://twitter.com/brianaJW_/status/621088558389063680
5. She’s not on social media. Sorry, trolls!
6. She’s been friends with Tomlinson for some time. “Louis and Briana care about each other very much and have spent a lot of time together privately over the last few months,” a friend tells People. “They are both really happy and although they aren’t in a relationship, their friendship is extremely strong, and they are both really excited about the baby.”
7. She’s in good hands. Tomlinson’s mother is a midwife, “so she’s been able to give advice and has been a great source of support for Briana,” reports People.

 
/n