Catherine Zeta-Jones Joins Ryan Murphy's Feud as Olivia de Havilland Ryan Murphy's Feud, you know the new series starring Jessica Lange and Susan Sarandon, just got a little more star-powered (who knew that was possible?) thanks to.../n
Ryan Murphy's Feud, you know the new series starring Jessica Lange and Susan Sarandon, just got a little more star-powered (who knew that was possible?) thanks to Catherine Zeta-Jones. Murphy tweeted Zeta-Jones will play Olivia de Havilland in the new anthology series. The first season of Feud tells of the feud between Hollywood icons Joan Crawford and Bette Davis when they co-starred in What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?"Thrilled that Oscar-winner Catherine Zeta-Jones is joining FEUD as Oscar-winner Olivia de Havilland," Murphy tweeted.Feud also stars Alfred Molina, Stanley Tucci, Judy Davis and Dominic Burgess.Zeta-Jones won an Oscar for her work in Chicago. She'll portray Oscar-winning de Havilland who took home Academy Awards for To Each His Own and The Heiress. De Havilland's other credits include Gone With the Wind, The Adventures of Robin Hood and The Snake Pit. Zeta-Jones' last TV role was the 1996 Titanic miniseries.

"Ryan keeps re-inventing TV," John Landgraf, CEO of FX Networks, said in a statement when the show was announced. "Nip/Tuck brilliantly extended the boundaries of ad supported television. Glee re-imagined the television musical. American Horror Story pioneered the modern anthological series, which has rapidly transformed the television landscape and been widely copied. The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story was recognized by many as the best and most talked about new show this year. And all of those shows have been award-winning ratings hits. Feud adds a third and equally ambitious franchise to Ryan's unprecedented slate of FX anthological limited series and marks our third such collaboration with studio partner 20th Century Fox Television/Fox 21. The series will offer a seductive, insightful look at what lies behind legendary personality conflicts."Feud also counts Brad Pitt and Dede Gardner as executive producers with Lange and Sarandon also on board as producers. Production will start this fall for a 2017 release.
/n