Inauguration Day: Full Schedule and Where to Watch/n





                    Will Caitlyn Jenner Dance with Donald Trump at an Inaugural Ball?
                







Hm...

 MORE >>





Today, Friday, January 20, 2017, Donald Trump will be sworn in as the 45th President of the United States following Barack Obama.

If you wish to watch the inaugural ceremony, the event will be streaming on television on major cable networks including ABC, CBS, FOX News and NBC. Online streaming through those networks is available as well, though you will need a cable login to access the stream. The White House will be offering a livestream broadcast on their official site without any strings attached.
The following YouTube channel will livestream the inauguration as well:

Telemundo
Bloomberg Politics
The Washington Post
ABC
NBC
The White House

PBC NewsHour will livestream the event through Twitter, even for those without a Twitter account. Democracy Now! will also livestream the event and the Women’s March on Saturday (Jan. 21, 2017) on their website.


	Kanye West Discusses Life with President-Elect Donald Trump








































7 Photos »


Below is the full Inauguration Day schedule, all times listed in Eastern Standard Time.
8:30 a.m. – Private prayer service with the president-elect and his family at St. John’s Episcopal Church
9:30 a.m. – Coffee date between Donald, Melania, Barack, and Michelle at the White House
11:30 a.m. – Swearing-in ceremony on the West Front of the Capitol, featuring religious leaders, remarks from Senator Roy Blunt of Missouri, the chairman of the congressional inaugural committee and musical performances
12:00 p.m. – Oath of office and inaugural address administered by Chief Justice John G. Roberts. The Obamas depart soon after Trump in sworn in from the East Front of the Capitol.
1:00 pm. – Luncheon for the government leaders and his friends in the Capitol Rotunda
2:30 p.m. – Trump reviews the American armed forces from the East Front of the Capitol
Inaugural parade led by Trump and Mike Pence down Pennsylvania Avenue. Trump will stop at the White House and watch the remainder of the parade from there.
7:00 p.m. – Trump’s two inaugural balls on separate floors of the Walter E. Washington Convention Center, and the Armed Service Ball at the National Building Museum

You can watch Trump’s full inauguration speech below.





/n