Michael Strahan's New Girlfriend's Troubled Past — Her Criminal Record EXPOSED!/n
Michael Strahan is dating a former strip club vixen who has a criminal record and was once busted for stealing from her ailing grandmother, RadarOnline.com has learned in a bombshell world exclusive.
“It remains to be seen how much Michael really knows about his girlfriend’s past!” a source told Radar.
The 44-year-old Live! With Kelly and Michael star has been seen with the 27-year-old Florida resident, Kayla, on numerous occasions after calling off his engagement to Eddie Murphy‘s ex-wife Nicole in 2014.
Former NFL star, worth an estimated $45 million, took his new girlfriend on a romantic vacation to St. Bart’s last year, and the pair was also seen on a romantic date in Manhattan on Jan. 7.
PHOTOS: On The Prowl! Joe Giudice Met Strip Club Vixen At This ‘Raunchy’ Go Go Bar — 10 Photos Of The Scene Inside
Kayla was a “good girl,” her high school sweetheart Justin Hundley, 28, told Radar, but at some point she changed.
“It was like a switch was flipped,” he said. “Almost overnight she became this huge partier.”
At age 14, Kayla was arrested for disorderly conduct after getting into a fight in her Port Charlotte, FL., hometown, according to official documents obtained by Radar.
Because it was in juvenile court, Radar is unable to determine the outcome of the case.
PHOTOS: She’s Back! Teresa Arrives Home After Prison Release — Reunites With Husband Joe
However, an arrest affidavit filed by the Charlotte County Sheriff’s Office in May 2005 shows Kayla was involved in a burglary and charged with grand theft.
Justin and Kayla, 18 at the time, were accused of breaking into the Port Charlotte home of her then 83-year-old grandma, Margaret Cox, and stealing about $6,000 worth of jewelry.
Margaret discovered the shocking theft after coming home where she was recuperating from an illness. She told police she wanted to press charges after a next-door neighbor witnessed Kayla and Justin hanging out inside the home.
The next day Kayla called police and confessed her crime.
PHOTOS: Strip Club Employee Reveals Details Of Josh’s Night With Porn Star — Shocking New Photos!
Though it was categorized as a felony, Kayla’s deed was turned over to juvenile authorities once again and Radar is unable to determine the case’s outcome.
But Kayla’s family also has a criminal past. Her father, Gerald Quick, was arrested 19 times for crimes including aggravated assault with a deadly weapon and drug possession. He died in 2012 at the age of 54.
Kayla’s sister, Kara Lee Quick, now 31, has also been arrested in the past on drug charges.
To make matters worse, when Kayla was 18, Radar learned that she spent four months working a cocktail waitress at a Tampa strip joint called Thee DollHouse, where a source said she knew “how to hustle customers and could clear up to $2,000 a week.” /n