'Hot Felon' Jeremy Meeks Caught Kissing Billionaire's Daughter/n
Jeremy Meeks, best known as the “world’s hottest felon” after his handsome mug shot went viral, has hooked up with a billionaire’s daughter!
The supposedly married, according to PEOPLE, former prisoner was photographed passionately kissing Topshop heiress Chloe Green, the daughter of British megabucks businessman Sir Philip Green.
PHOTOS: Bodyguards Gone Wild! Drugs, Murder, Assault & Other Crimes Committed By Hollywood’s Hired Muscle
As Radar has reported, Meeks, a hunk with movie star style cheekbones and ocean blue eyes, shot to fame after his 2014 arrest in connection with suspicion of felony weapons possession. His image on the Stockton Police Department’s Facebook page won him a slew of drooling fans.
Some women tweeted, “He’s too fine to be a criminal,” and “What is he guilty of?! First Degree Sexiness?!”
Former gang member Meeks was convicted of possessing a semi-automatic pistol and was jailed for two years. After being released from prison in 2016, he reportedly nabbed a six-figure modelling job.
But now, Meeks is no longer in lockup but on a 180 foot luxury yacht with Green!
PHOTOS: 52 Crimes That Shocked The World
However, the new romance is scandalous as Meeks is supposedly still married to his wife, Melissa, according to PEOPLE.
After the photos of Meeks, 33, and Green, 26, emerged of them canoodling while they were cruising the Mediterranean off of Turkey, Green was hit with some online hate. She posted an Instagram photo of her and Meeks and the ex-felon’s manager Jim Jordan, defiantly captioning it, “Just the Beginning… We appreciate all the love and the hate.”
PHOTOS: Tragic, Mysterious & Too Weird For Words: 13 Bizarre Hollywood Deaths
Green’s father Sir Philip is a billionaire who owns Topshop, Topman and other British retailers.
As Radar has reported, Topshop heiress Green was once the galpal of Jennifer Lopez‘s ex, singer Marc Anthony.
Green was much younger than her former boyfriend, Anthony.
The pretty heiress reportedly met Meeks in May during the Cannes Film Festival.
On the yacht, the two were engaged in mega PDA!
They kissed and Meeks was spotted touching Green’s face. She lovingly wrapped her arms around his muscular waist and they gazed into each other’s eyes.
A source told The Sun, “Chloe seems quite taken with Jeremy, and who can blame her?”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n