Camilla Whines That She Felt Like Prisoner During Affair With Charles/n
Camilla Parker Bowles, now the Duchess of Cornwall and the wife of Prince Charles, has whined to The Mail on Sunday’s You magazine that their affair made her feel like a prisoner.
Camilla, widely reviled for breaking up Charles and his wife Diana, said the intense media storm left her feeling like a prisoner in her own home.
The Prince famously cheated on Di with his old flame Camilla, now 69, as their marriage disintegrated before England’s eyes.
PHOTOS: Prince William Taking Paternity Leave And 24 Other Things You Didn’t Know About The Royal Birth
And in a candid interview with You, Camilla — who was still married to her first husband Andrew Parker-Bowles when she started romancing Charles again – declared that her life was hell back then.
“I couldn’t really go anywhere,” Camilla, 69, recalled.
“It was horrid. It was a deeply unpleasant time and I wouldn’t want to put my worst enemy through it. I couldn’t have survived it without my family.”
PHOTOS: Prince Harry’s Girlfriend Meghan Markle Claims ‘People Wanted To Kill Me!’
Camilla’s new quotes could cause a fresh firestorm for the royal family. They seem deeply distasteful as Diana died in a car accident with her lover Dodi Fayed at age 36 in 1997. Numerous 20-year anniversary specials about the “People’s Princess” are airing to mark her tragic death. Now Camilla complains about her own pain.
As Radar has reported, Camilla is known as a schemer involved in other royal feuds.
But Prince Charles has never been able to quit her and publicly admitted he’d gone back to Camilla while still married to beautiful Diana, whom he’d wed in 1981.
PHOTOS: Sorry Meghan! Prince Harry Dances With Half-Naked Carnival Queens
Charles and Di were officially divorced in 1996. People around the world were devastated when Diana died in a car accident the following year in Paris.
In 2005, the Prince finally married Camilla.
In her new interview, Camilla also said her children avoided the bad publicity of her affair with Charles.
“They just got on with it, and so did great friends.”
After years of scandal, Camilla opined, “You also have to laugh at yourself because if you can’t, you may as well give up. I sometimes think to myself, ‘Who is this woman? It can’t possibly be me.’ And that’s really how you survive.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n