Belgian Backpacker Found Half Eaten & Hanged In Thai 'Death Island'/n
A tourist was found dead in Thailand’s notorious “Death Island,” and the chilling last photo of her has been released, RadarOnline.com can reveal.
The 30-year-old Belgian backpacker was found hanged and half-eaten by lizards in Koh Tao, Thailand.
“Police continue to look for new evidence, because it was an unnatural death, but we have not found any” Police Colonel Preecha Kladsawad, deputy of Surat Thani police, said.
PHOTOS: ‘Depressed’ Lamar’s Death Wish! Desperate Dad Warns: ‘Only God Can Save Him!’
The grainy black and white image, taken from CCTV camera footage recorded on April 21, which shows Elise Dallemagne heading down a dark street. She was found dead seven days later.
“Too many things show us that someone is involved. Police told us that Elise hanged herself up in the jungle. I cannot accept why my daughter should have killed herself,” said the victim’s mother, Michelle van Egten.
She added: “She was normal in the last conversation and no signs of depression were visible.”
PHOTOS: Last Photos: Debbie Reynolds Rushed From Carrie Fisher’s Home Before Tragic Death
Local police officers are investigating the incident currently marked as a suicide. They believe the tourist hanged herself on the secluded island. Her parents believe she was murdered.
“We’re more and more thinking that the police information is not the right explanation,” said the victim’s mother.
Van Egten claimed her daughter checked into the Triple B Bungalows next to Mae Head Pier on Koh Tao as she travelled via the island on a ferry to Chumphon on her way back to Bangkok.
Then, a mysterious fire that evening burned down three bamboo huts – including Dallemagne’s.
PHOTOS: Death Threats! Drug Possession! ‘Married At First Sight’ Secrets & Scandals EXPOSED
“I don’t know why she would have booked a transfer to Bangkok and then went into the jungle to commit suicide,” said van Egten.
“I am devastated by events. I am still waiting for the final autopsy report. We just want more information,” she added.
Thai authorities claimed they were suspicious of a lizard in the area. They followed his tracks and found Dallemagne’s body, saying the animal had been feeding on her remains. They claimed the victim had been wrapped in old t-shirts or cotton shawls while an empty fuel bottle was found next to her body.
An autopsy was performed and the tourist was cremated two weeks later.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n