Olivia Munn & Aaron Rodgers Split Amid Bitter Family Feud/n
Olivia Munn and Aaron Rodgers have officially parted ways after three years of dating.
Though a source told PEOPLE magazine the couple “amicably ended their relationship,” it seems their longtime feud with Rodgers’ family could be a likely cause for the split.
As Radar previously reported, rumors circulated that Aaron, 33, hasn’t seen or spoken to his brother Jordan since December 2014, when his relationship with Munn began.
A source close to Aaron told Radar, “Olivia and Aaron’s brother Jordan had a huge blowout fight a couple years back in LA. Jordan accused Olivia of using Aaron to boost her fame and status!”
PHOTOS: Mrs. Rodgers? Olivia Munn Flashes Huge Diamond Ring While Out With Aaron
“The fight started over Jordan accusing her of not allowing Aaron time to spend with his family and escalated from there to Jordan calling her fame hungry,” said the insider.
According to a report, Aaron even sent his Christmas presents back to his parents that same year.
Aaron’s father Ed Rodgers recently gave an interview to the New York Times saying, “Fame can change things.”
Meanwhile the family remains tight otherwise. Jordan, 28, who is engaged to Bachelorette star JoJo Fletcher, 26, is still close with his brother Luke Rodgers and his parents, even bringing JoJo to his hometown to meet them on the ABC show.
PHOTOS: JoJo Fletcher’s Final Two Men Jordan Rodgers & Robby Hayes’ Darkest Secrets REVEALED
But Munn, 36, allegedly stood in the way of any hope to smooth things over in the Rodgers family, according to an insider.
The source alleged, “She can be really combative. Jordan had told Aaron before the final fight that she wasn’t good for him. It seems like she will do anything to keep him from his family simply because they don’t like her.”
Do you think Aaron finally dumped Olivia to get his family back? Let us know in the comments below!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n