Amber Heard Blasts Johnny Depp After He Refuses to Pay $6.8 Million Divorce Settlement/n





                    Amber Heard Pens Letter to Domestic Abuse Survivors
                







This is a must-read.

 MORE >>





Johnny Depp is reportedly withholding the $6.8 million divorce settlement payment that he owes Amber Heard.
The actress claims that her estranged husband refused to pay up, even after she released a PSA and a letter about domestic abuse. According to Daily Mail, the actor is “stalling” and “holding back” on making the payment because she violated the confidentiality terms of their agreement, which prohibits Heard from talking about Depp.


Top 10 Most Expensive Hollywood Divorces








































10 Photos »


Although Heard never mentions the 53-year-old by name in both the letter and PSA, it’s pretty obvious who she’s referring to. Now, she and her legal team have filed a Request for Order as a way to speed up the remaining divorce proceedings.
Besides the big payout, Heard claims Depp has failed to follow through on several of their other agreements, including the division of personal property.
In a declaration attached to the filing, Heard blasted Depp for leaking stories about the divorce settlement. “Instead, when Johnny learned that I planned to donate my entire marital settlement to charities, Johnny purported to satisfy his obligation to pay me by supposedly paying the charities I selected instead of me,” Heard, 30, stated.


Love Is Dead: Most Upsetting Celebrity Break-Ups of 2016








































38 Photos »


“He also claimed I violated the confidentiality provisions of the DPM by announcing that I was donating my settlement to charities,” she wrote. “In fact, I made those donations in good faith and I was responding to the leaks by Johnny’s agents bragging that I had settled for sub scantily less than a reported, earlier offered sum and attempting to label me a gold digger.”
Just when we all thought their divorce saga was over…


Johnny Deppm, Amber Heard Attend 'The Danish Girl' Premiere








































6 Photos »


/n