Man To Serve 11 Years In Prison After Watching 6-Year-Old Get Raped On Live Stream/n
A youth worker has been sentenced to 11 years in prison after being caught watching various live streams of a 6-year-old boy being raped, RadarOnline.com can reveal.
“Prove the video is live and smack him,” he wrote, according to BBC, during one of the broadcasts.
Darren Williams, 44, watched the chilling live streams in 2015. Professionals tracked his IP address and tracked down the troubled criminal. Apart from his 11 years in jail, Williams will be registered as a sex offender for life.
PHOTOS: Pamela Anderson Reveals Rape, Molestation and Gang Rape During Charity Foundation Speech
Williams is the first of four men to be sentenced for watching the disturbing live streams. Primary school teacher Wayne Brookes has also admitted to making indecent images of children in the chat room that streamed the rape. He is yet to be sentenced.
According to prosecutor Charlotte Newell, Williams used an online conferencing platform called Zoom where he employed men to rape young children for his own pleasure. User names included: Andy, Proper Perv, Dirty B******, and Sleaze.
“There was a man raping children with you encouraging him for your sexual gratification,” Recorder of Cardiff Eleri Rees QC commented. “You all shared responsibility for the undoubted psychological and physical harm done to the children.”
PHOTOS; Secret Children, Rehab & Rape Claims: What To Expect On The New Season of ‘Teen Mom OG’
The 20-year-old man who was seen raping the child was arrested earlier this year and sentenced to 45-90 years in prison.
“I’m not sexually attracted to children. I’m not. I fell into some dumb things,” said rapist William Byers Augusta.
Apart from raping the 6-year-old, Augusta also tied him up, beat him, and penetrated him with the handle of a hammer. Police found 10 explicit videos and 50 images of child pornography in Augusta’s home. Most of them involved the rape of the young child.
PHOTOS: ‘I Don’t Want To Die!’ Teen’s Brutal Rape & Murder Captured On Cell Phone
He pled guilty to child rape and other charges, according to PennLive.com.
Ira Task, another man seen in a video with Augusta was sentenced to 17 1/2 to 40 years in prison followed by 66 1/3 years of consecutive supervision for raping the child after drugging him with an inhalant.
He was also sued for $88 million, for raping the boy without protection while being HIV positive.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n