release.    Among the 50 gorgeous females to be featured are Gigi and Bella Hadid(daughters of Real Housewives of Beverly Hills starYolanda Hadid), Maude Apatow (the 16-year-old daughter of Judd Apatow and Leslie Mann), Billy Lourd (daughter.../n
It's no secret that celebrity offspring have been stealing their famous parents' spotlight as of late (Kaia Gerber and Lily Rose-Depp, anyone?). And now, the latest issue of Town and Country magazine is honoring today's top "it girls" in their second annual Modern Swans issue, named for the term Truman Capote used for his female friends and muses. "Today's Swans, or modern debutants, aren't introduced to society in creampuff dresses and white gloves – rather, they're smart, well-traveled, chic, tech savvy, and poised to make an impact on the world for years to come," the publication writes in the press release.   

PHOTOS: Celeb kids who model



Dominique Charriau/WireImage

Among the 50 gorgeous females to be featured are Gigi and Bella Hadid(daughters of Real Housewives of Beverly Hills starYolanda Hadid), Maude Apatow (the 16-year-old daughter of Judd Apatow and Leslie Mann), Billy Lourd (daughter of Carrie Fisher), Lily Rose-Depp (Johnny Depp and Vanessa Paradis ' 16 year old daughter) and Kaia Gerber (Cindy Crawford's 13 year old daughter). 



Matthew Brookes / Town & Country

Additionally, Sistine Rose Stallone (Sylvester Stallone's 16 year old daughter), Isabel Beatty (daughter of Warren Beatty and Annette Benning), Tali Lennox (Annie Lennox's daughter), Lottie Moss (Kate Moss' younger sister) and Louisa Gummer (Meryl Streep's daughter) appear in the issue, along with many more.  



Courtesy Stephen Shore/Clare Vivier & Other Stories

Gummer is also interviewed for the mag and opens up about growing up in a family of acting legends, admitting that her day to day life is far departure from Hollywood.



Jordan Strauss/Invision/AP

Asked what people would never guess about her, the model replied "I work a nine-to-five job" (she takes the subway every morning to her job at a Manhantan advertising agency). 



REX USA

"At this moment, I'm trying to realize what I'm good at to find out what makes me happy," the 24-year-old, who has shot campaigns for Dior, said. "And I'll try to merge those two things to create a successful and fulfilling career for myself.  I think it would be really interesting to collaborate professionally with people I know personally, like family."

PHOTOS: Celeb parents & their mini-me's
/n