Iconic Golfer Arnold Palmer Dies at 87/n
Arnold Palmer, one of golf’s most formative figures, has died, multiple sources confirm to PEOPLE. He was 87.
Palmer was in Pittsburgh at the time of his death, sources said.
The Pennsylvania native won the Masters four times, the British Open twice and the U.S. Open once. In addition, he played on six Ruder Cup teams, and was eventually inducted into the World Golf Hall of Fame in 1974, reported Golfweek.
He’s also been honored with the Presidential Medal of Freedom, and the Congressional Gold Medal.
In a statement shared to Twitter, Sunday, the United States Golf Association wrote, “We are deeply saddened by the death of Arnold Palmer, golf’s greatest ambassador, at age 87.”


We are deeply saddened by the death of Arnold Palmer, golf's greatest ambassador, at age 87. pic.twitter.com/iQmGtseNN1
— USGA (@USGA) September 26, 2016

Numerous golfers took to Twitter to share their condolences for “The King.”


RIP to The King. pic.twitter.com/2Ion1c8PxJ
— PGA.COM (@PGAcom) September 26, 2016




My heart aches with passing of the King…Mr. Arnold Palmer. What he did for golf cannot be measured. … https://t.co/FyLNENRzW4
— Zach Johnson (@ZachJohnsonPGA) September 26, 2016




Such sad news to hear about passing of #arnoldpalmer. Great memories of him. His legacy in the game & charity will live forever.
— Ernie Els (@TheBig_Easy) September 26, 2016




Sad news Mr Arnold Palmer past away. Golf has lost its King. His legacy will last forever. Thank you for what you have done for golf. #RIP
— Ian Poulter (@IanJamesPoulter) September 26, 2016




Words cannot describe the loss of Mr. Arnold Palmer. He was truly an icon for the game of golf and role model for everyone.#Godbless
— Tommy Gainey (@TwoGlovesGolf) September 26, 2016

Palmer was born in Latrobe, Pennsylvania, in 1929, later heading to North Carolina on a golf scholarship to Wake Forest University, Golfweek said.
After serving in the Coast Guard for three years, he won the 1954 U.S. Amateur tournament.
The big win led to Palmer to go pro, and, ultimately, more the 62 PGA Tour titles between 1955 and 1973, alone, according to Golfweek.
Palmer played on the senior professional golf circuit well into the early 2000s, all the while designing golf courses while fronting a flourishing business enterprise that included golf clubs, dry cleaners and car dealerships.
The Bay Hill Club, his golf resort in Orlando, Florida, hosts the Arnold Palmer Invitational annually.
He was also a frequent and welcome presence on golf broadcasts, and, according to Golfweek, an original investor in the Golf Channel.
Famously, Palmer’s name inspired a popular beverage: lemonade mixed with iced tea.
Palmer’s first wife, Winifred, died in 1999. They were married for 45 years and share two daughters, Amy Palmer Saunders and Peggy Palmer. 
He is also survived by wife Kathleen “Kit” Gawthrop, whom he married in 2005.
/n