Brutal Murder: 12-Year-Old Girl Stabbed, Beaten To Death With Hammer/n
Alexis Stubbs, 12, was found dead in the hallway of her apartment building in Chicago on Sunday, after being brutally beaten with hammer and stabbed to death, RadarOnline.com has learned.
Police suspect the killer to be John Singleton, 31, who has previously been charged with first-degree murder and is reportedly in a relationship with late Stubbs’ mother.
Crisis responder Andrew Holmes said police quickly found the suspect, as he was hiding in a portable toilet at a nearby construction site following the incident.
PHOTOS: ‘There Isn’t A Day … I Don’t Think Of Him’: 6 Photos Of ‘RHOBH’ Star Kim Richards’ Murdered Fiancé
“To me, the little girl was tortured, and she suffered, so we’re going to try to help that family,” he said of the crime.
Authorities believe the murder came as a result of a domestic dispute, though they are not certain what specifically triggered the vicious attack.
“His phone had been pinging in the area for the last two hours, so the detectives had been monitoring his phone and his phone was pinging not too far from here and they got out of their cars and started searching on foot,” claimed Holmes.
PHOTOS: 30 Cold Blooded Murderers Who Were Women
Friends and family of the preteen have spoken out in grief.
“It really breaks my heart. My heart is just ripped out.” said neighbor, Alicia McFadden claiming that Stubbs thought of her as an Aunt. “She gave me a hug Friday and I was like, ‘I’ll see you later.’ And I will never see her.”
The maintenance man in Stubbs’ building, Reginald Taylor, told Crime Online, “She was a sweet girl, you know, and no kids deserve anything like that, but to see the damage, and the blood. . .she just didn’t deserve to go out like that.”
PHOTOS: The 10 Most Sensational Celebrity Murder Cases
He also claimed that he “never got a good vibe” from Singleton.
At present, authorities are uncertain if any neighbors witnessed the crime, or if nearby surveillance cameras picked up relevant footage.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n