America Betrayed! 'Appalling' Hillary Exposed Secrets To U.S. Enemies, Expert Says/n
Hillary Clinton‘s “shameless” and “possibly illegal” use of a private email server may have exposed the nation’s secrets to dangerous enemies around the world, a former White House staffer told RadarOnline.com — including ISIS and Iran!
As Radar reported in a bombshell world exclusive this morning, the Foreign Intelligence Service of the Russian Federation or SVR — formerly known as the KGB — have hacked Clinton’s emails to top aide Huma Abedin, and shared the trove with their Italian counterparts, the Agenzia Informazioni e Sicurezza Esterna, at a top-secret meeting last month. Radar has viewed the top-secret and explosive dossier compiled after that meeting.
“This revelation is even more damaging and devastating to her reputation than what’s already out there,” former White House staffer Aram Bakshian Jr. told Radar. “Hillary’s handling of her security communications has been appalling. It’s a major problem for her and it’s a major blunder, possibly illegal in the first place.”
PHOTOS: Obama’s Half-Brother SLAMS System & Supports Trump After Hillary Clinton Email Leak
He continued, “If the Russians and the Italians have it, then it’s very troubling.”
Indeed, although Russia’s contentious relationship with the United States is already widely known, the fact that the Italians have access to Clinton’s secrets as well may be even more terrifying due to their increasingly cozy relationship with sworn U.S. enemy Iran.
This fall, Italy and Iran have made what appear to be initial steps towards a military and diplomatic alliance.
In September, the Italian navy visited Iranian waters for the first time since April 2001, and Italian naval commander, Rear-Admiral Roberto Chia Marcella, made at least two visits to Tehran in September alone.
PHOTOS: Revenge! Donald Trump Fighting Back Against Hillary Clinton’s Smear Campaign
According to a local news report, the countries have begun “bilateral talks aimed at reviving relations and military cooperation between Italy and Iran.”
The September visit, Il Mattino newspaper wrote, had an “important meaning in the context of relations between the two countries,” signaling “a willingness to resume cooperation.” The article cited “historical and excellent relations between the two navies,” in particular.
Even more shocking is the possibility that these state secrets could fall into the hands of ISIS operatives! US Director of National Intelligence James Clapper confirmed in April that dormant ISIS cells in Italy are a growing “concern.”
PHOTOS: Hillary’s Lies EXPOSED! Clinton’s Top 5 Debate Whoppers
“We continue to see evidence of plotting on the part of ISIL” there, he admitted.
Indeed, in August, security was heightened across the nation as ISIS issued a public threat to “conquer Rome.”
Ultimately, former White House staffer Bakshian said the nation should be scared — and angry.
“This all began, ironically, because Hillary is secrecy-obsessed,” he told Radar. “Not even the official state department communication methods are good enough in her opinion. She wanted to discuss things that weren’t quite legit for someone in her position as a public servant. It’s her own bad decision that’s come back to bite her and it’s unfortunate that the country has had to pay a price too.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n