'You Were Calling The Government!' Teresa Blames Jacqueline For Prison Sentence/n
Teresa Giudice and Jacqueline Laurita have hurled countless insults at each other — but has Giudice finally gone too far?
On the first part of the Real Housewives of New Jersey reunion, Giudice revealed that she blames Laurita for her prison sentence!
The mom-of-four began her attack by claiming her former friend sold a story about her facing jail time to the press.
“You set me up!” she hurled at Laurita.
PHOTOS: ‘You Gotta Lie!’ Teresa And Joe Giudice’s 30 Most Shocking Quotes About Their Fraud Charges & Financial Issues
“In my gut it was you or you and Caroline,” she claimed. “You were calling the government.”
Laurita — much like Melissa Gorga, Joe Gorga, Siggy Flicker and Dolores Catania — was shocked.
“You want to call the government?” Giudice slammed. “Bless you.”
“I’m so happy I got that off my chest,” she told Andy Cohen.
PHOTOS: Teresa’s Nightmare! Joe Giudice’s Strip Club Vixen Identified — The Other Woman Revealed In 13 R-Rated Photos
Giudice also claimed Chris Laurita regularly gambles $500,000 — so the feds should be after him instead.
Meanwhile, Catania revealed that she used to be friends with Laurita’s sister-in-law Dina Manzo, but that friendship was fractured by her close bond with Caroline Manzo.
“We just went our separate ways and I don’t need to beg someone to be my friend,” she explained, while Laurita revealed she hasn’t seen Dina in years.
Cohen also brought up another old Housewife — Danielle Staub.
“I would love to see her come back,” Giudice told Cohen.
PHOTOS: Something To Hide! Teresa Desperate To Conceal Court-Ordered Ankle Bracelet
“I wanted her to come back to attack you,” she directed at Laurita.
But Flicker still has hope for the former friends, telling the cast: “Jacqueline has a heart of gold. Her delivery is horrible. Her intentions are good. She spends too much time in her head.”
Do you think the ladies will make up? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n