Whoa! Jada Pinkett Smith Was A Drug Dealer When She First Met Tupac — Watch Her Candid Interview!/n

Now this is the story all about how Jada Pinkett Smith's life got flip turned upside down!
The Girls Trip star made headlines last month for calling bullshit on the new Tupac Shakur film All Eyez On Me, saying their relationship was severely "reimagined" in the biopic.
Photo: Jada & Girls Trip Costars Are QUEENS At The BET Awards!
Now, the actress is getting a little more candid about her past with the late rap icon — and the real story is a lot more dramatic than we could have ever thought!
Speaking on SiriusXM's Sway in The Morning, Will Smith's wife revealed that she was dealing drugs when she first met Pac!
She confessed for the first time: 
"It's kind of hard because I haven't really told the whole story. One of the things that's very interesting that I've never really said before is that when I first met Pac, I was a drug dealer… That's how we started. Then as I was coming out, something very bad happened to me. As I was coming out of the life, he was coming more into the life."
Whoa. Tell us more!
The 45-year-old didn't dish everything about what went down between the two, but admitted their relationship was based on "survival" as opposed to romance, continuing:
"That's how it started. I know that most people want to always connect it in this romance thing and that's just because they don't have the story. It was based in survival, how we held each other down and when you have somebody that has your back when you feel like you're nothing, that's everything. There's a lot of components to our story that we've never shared for a very specific reason. I just decided that this one little piece was important to share finally because it gives more insight to who we were. It was about survival and it's always been about survival between us."
So crazy.
While we'll likely never know the full story, this revelation certainly gives shape to their mysterious friendship.
Watch Jada's full interview (below)!

[Image via YouTube.]
/n