Donald Trump Says Harriet Tubman Shouldn't Replace Andrew Jackson on $20 Bill, Suggests Putting Her On $2 Note/n

Donald Trump doesn’t want Harriet Tubman on the $ 20 bill – but he has another place in mind for the African-American suffragist and abolitionist.  
During a Thursday appearance on the Today show the Republican front-runner weighed in on the news that Tubman would replace former President Andrew Jackson on the $20 bill by the year 2020 – just in time for the 100th anniversary of women’s suffrage  
“I would love to leave Andrew Jackson and see if we can maybe come up with another denomination,” Trump began, noting that Tubman is “fantastic.”   
“Maybe we do the $2 bill or we do another bill. I don’t like seeing it. I think it’s pure political correctness.”  



.@RealDonaldTrump speaks out about putting Harriet Tubman on the $20 bill #TrumpTODAY https://t.co/tfeSHQ3ec7
— TODAY (@TODAYshow) April 21, 2016

Trump’s comments echoed those made by Ben Carson one day earlier. He told Fox Business that Jackson should remain on the bill.  
“I love Harriet Tubman. I love what she did, but we can find another way to honor her. Maybe a $2 bill,” the former presidential candidate said.  
Treasury Secretary Jacob J. Lew announced on Wednesday that Tubman would be featured on the bill with Jackson and an image of the White House on the opposite side.   
Lew added that Jackson would remain on the bill because of the former president’s “lasting impact on our country.”  
Trump spoke highly of the former president as well, and added that it’s “very rough when you take somebody off the bill.”  
“Andrew Jackson had a history of tremendous success for the country,” Trump said. [Jackson has] been on the bill for many, many years and, you know, really represented somebody that really was very important to this country.”  
He even spoke about the news that Alexander Hamilton would remain on the $10 with leaders of the women’s suffrage movement on the back.  
“As you know, they were going to do the $10 and then all of the sudden the Broadway play, Hamilton, the Broadway play sort of saved that one.”
/n