Teen Mom 2's Kailyn Lowry Thought She 'Couldn't Carry Anymore Children' Prior To Her Shocking Third Pregnancy!/n

With all the hype surrounding Kailyn Lowry's third pregnancy, it's crazy to learn that the Teen Mom 2 star didn't think it was physically possible for her to have another kiddo.
During Monday night's episode of the MTV hit, the pregnant reality TV starlet made this admission while opening up about her unplanned third baby.
Related: Jenelle Evans Gets Real About Almost Dying
During a chat with ex Jo Rivera, Miz Lowry noted: 
"I was told I couldn't carry anymore children. I was told I would have to go through fertility treatments and IVF and all kinds of things… So, even now I'm still nervous that I could have a miscarriage. Another one."
Rightfully, Rivera had questions about the identity of Kailyn's latest baby daddy as they share 7-year-old Isaac together. Jo was pretty blunt when he inquired if the 25-year-old planned to be in a relationship with the father of her unborn child. After the TV personality confirmed that she and Chris Lopez are romantically involved, her ex expressed:
"I'm just thinking about the kids and thinking about you. It was different with Isaac and Javi, Isaac was a baby. They don't know this person. You have to think to yourself, ‘What are they going to think? What kind of questions are they going to ask you?' "
Fair point. Not to mention, the Pride Over Pity author has another son with ex-husband Javi Marroquin, named Lincoln.
Both an MTV producer and Jo asked Kailyn if she and Chris had actively tried to get pregnant and her answer was certainly confusing. The soon to be mother-of-three explained:
"Okay, from both of us, it was not planned and not prevented. He knew I wanted a baby and if it happened, it was fine."
So that's a…. yes?? No?? Who knows.
Nonetheless, Kailyn went on to reveal that she was fine filming her pregnancy in front of the cameras, but, was NOT ready to talk about her baby news with Marroquin. She continued:
"I've seen all the shit Jenelle [Evans] has gone through, with having three kids with three people. It's going to get out anyway so I might as well tell my story and be transparent about it, so the truth is out there and not a bunch of rumors or assumptions. I have not told Javi yet, because I'm afraid he will try to sell [the story]. I just don't know when the right time is because he is not stable right now."
Oh, the shade! Other highlights from Monday's episode include Briana DeJesus' adoption consideration, Leah Messer's daughter's birthday party, and Chelsea DeBoer's oldest struggling with having a new sibling.
It's safe to say that Kailyn's third pregnancy drama is carrying TM2 right now!
[Image via MTV.]
/n