Denise Richards Talks Friendship with Ex Charlie Sheen: ‘It’s Good For Our Girls’ (EXCLUSIVE)/n





                    Denise's New Baby!
                







Denise Richards debuts her daughter.

 MORE >>





Denise Richards and Charlie Sheen are the best of exes.
Despite having one of the most contentious divorces in Hollywood history, Richards told Celebuzz in an exclusive interview that the two are putting the past firmly behind them.
In fact, they enjoyed a Yankees/Mets game with their daughters, Sam and Lola, just last week.
“We’ve been friends for a long time,” Richards told Celebuzz.
“I know we went through an obviously challenging divorce, but it’s good now. It’s funny, because a few people on Twitter were commenting, ‘Oh are they back together?’ But he was in New York promoting his show and I was promoting my movie, so we decided to make it a family trip.”

Richards’ latest flick is Madea’s Witness Protection; Sheen, meanwhile, is starring in the FX series, Anger Management, which premiered Thursday night to mixed reviews.
“I think it’s good for the girls,” added Richards, who’s even planning to appear in an upcoming episode of Anger Management.
“I don’t like to have toxic energy and hold grudges. I’m very easy moving past things. It’s much better this way.
“That’s not to say it’s always been hunky dory, but at the end of the day, it’s about the kids.”


DENISE STROLLS ON THE BEACH








































8 Photos »


The 41-year-old Wild Things star expanded her family just last year when she adopted a baby girl, Eloise. According to Richards, both Sam and Lola have welcomed their little sister with open arms.
But how is Richards handling being a single mom to three young girls?


DENISE FEEDS BABY ELOISE AT LAX








































7 Photos »


“I’ve learned to function on no sleep,” she said with a laugh.
“Last night, I wanted to go to bed early, but my girls are on L.A. time and got hungry at 10 o’clock at night. I was like, ‘Oh, do we have to eat now?’ So I sat up very late with them and got up early. It’s part of being a parent.”
Richards is keeping busy professionally, too: In addition to her role in the Madea flick, the actress is prepping a brand-new line of haircare products.
“I naturally have thick hair, but with work and curling irons and dryers, my hair was starting to break off,” said the ex Bond girl.
“I wanted to develop something that brings your hair back to its best. I’ve been approached to do hair stuff my whole career. I developed it with Christophe and worked closely with chemists.
“We went through 18 formulas to get it right! In the past I would have to mix my shampoos, now I’m only using this stuff.”
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player

   
  brightcove.createExperiences();

/n