Get To Know Your Celebrity Blabbermouth: Adelia Zeidler/n
If you’re scratching your head asking, “Who the heck is Adelia Zeidler?” Well, she’s actually related to one of the most famous silver-haired leading men on the silver screen.
And she’s single-handedly crushed the hearts of females all around the world.
Yes, her little bro is perpetual bachelor/heartthrob George Clooney.
Zeidler opened her mouth to the New York Daily News last November and in one fell swoop revealed what we all heard for years but never wanted to believe was true.
“I would say he probably will not get married. If I had to guess I would have to say ‘no,'” she gushed.
“If he was going to get married he would want to be a husband and be somebody who would be there, who would have the time and the ability to focus on the family and the home and all of that,” she added. “And in the business that he is in, he has to be able to get up and go. The majority of actors don’t really make their marriages work.”
As for kids, yep, they’re out of the question, too.
“If he had children, when he was with them, he would be concerned about his career and if he was working he would be concerned about the children,” Zeidler added. “And he doesn’t think it would be fair to split his focus.”
Well, the bookkeeper from Augusta, Kentucky may not have a future in Tinseltown, but she certainly has a career as a psychic, given that Clooney and Stacy Keibler broke up in July after the good ol’ two-year try.
But it isn’t all that bad. She didn’t totally out her bro (well, I take that back.)
Ladies, she says he’s not gay.
“That’s quite ridiculous, we don’t even listen when people say things like that anymore,” she said.
Phew!
The funny thing is, Ada (as she likes to be called) certainly has a lot to say for someone who didn’t even know her sibling walked down the aisle the first time until after he tied the knot to Talia Balsam in 1989. She also admits they usually only talk via email, she only sees him once a year, the last time she visited Hollywood was seven years ago, and she doesn’t even have his phone number.
And we can see why.
When CB! contacted Zeidler she said she doesn’t talk about her brother… hmmm…
So we’ll leave you with this:
“I just generally keep him up with what’s going on in my life,” she told the NYDN. “I don’t generally ask him what’s going on in his life because I don’t want to accidentally say something that I shouldn’t.”
Oops. Too late for that.


newly-single george clooney relaxes in italy just days after split








































6 Photos »


/n