Rachel Lindsay Is ENGAGED! The 25 Biggest Moments From The 'Bachelorette' Finale/nRight off the bat, former Bachelor Juan Pablo stole the attention away from Rachel by announcing he is engaged! Congrats bro, but back to Rachel.Peter continued to hem and haw about whether or not he wanted to get engaged, and Rachel tried unsuccessfully to fight back tears.Rachel and Peter spent the night in the fantasy suite, but Peter's doubts still weren't gone. Go figure.On to the next! Rachel had a hot date with Bryan in a gorgeous Spanish vineyard. But this couple, usually bursting with chemistry, seemed to be disconnected. Bryan felt it, but did his best to keep a smile on his face.Rachel confessed to Chris Harrison that she was still thinking about Peter (even though she was close to breaking up with him that night).Still, they went to the Fantasy Suite so that Bryan could "break those walls." The emotional ones... Right?Cut to the next morning. They're in bed together. There's bacon nearby. They're feeding each other strawberries. The walls have almost certainly been broken.Next up, Rose ceremony. Demolition man Bryan got a rose.Peter got one too... Even though he told her he wasn't ready to get engaged.Eric was left without a rose. "I'll always love you," he confessed. Awwww.Nonetheless, neither of them shed a single tear on camera. *Side eye*Having made it to the final two, Bryan went on a romantic hot air balloon ride with Rachel, where he made his case on why he should be the last man standing.Rachel took Peter to church so that he could talk to a priest about marriage. Rachel did not come to play games.She broke down in tears because she felt like she was forcing the marriage talk on him. "I don't get it," she admitted. "I keep wishing for something that's not there."Peter told her once more that he was NOT ready to get engaged with her the next day, although he did tell her that he loves her.Ultimately, he said he would "sacrifice" for her. She said don't bother. They shared a VERY tearful sort-of goodbye that night. "What's wrong with me," Peter whispered to himself through tears, after Rachel was gone."I cried my eyelashes off," Rachel explained to Chris. Peter confirmed that he had walked past the lashes on the floor for two days.Rachel and Peter reunited onstage. It was awkward to say the least. "This is hard," Peter said. "I still struggle with it now."Peter had told her that without him, she would be settling for a life of mediocrity, and he apologized for that. "I'm living my best life," Rachel informed him.Peter also said that he "felt attacked" but couldn't explain why. He revealed that he tried to reach back out to Rachel after they parted, but she REJECTED him! "I truly wish you the best," she cooed.Back in Spain, Bryan was sitting down with Neil Lane to pick out a diamond ring. He chose a pear shaped sparkler in a halo setting.They picked possibly the windiest place on the planet for the proposal. Rachel's hair was whipping everywhere, and the microphones were going crazy. Still, nothing could ruin their moment.She told him she's in love with him, and he popped down on one knee and put that pear shaped diamond on her finger. She said yes!Bryan doubled down on After The Final Rose, proposing once more, proving he would do it all over again.They are planning on a winter wedding but "aren't rushing things."Right off the bat, former Bachelor Juan Pablo stole the attention away from Rachel by announcing he is engaged! Congrats bro, but back to Rachel.Peter continued to hem and haw about whether or not he wanted to get engaged, and Rachel tried unsuccessfully to fight back tears.Rachel and Peter spent the night in the fantasy suite, but Peter's doubts still weren't gone. Go figure.On to the next! Rachel had a hot date with Bryan in a gorgeous Spanish vineyard. But this couple, usually bursting with chemistry, seemed to be disconnected. Bryan felt it, but did his best to keep a smile on his face.Rachel confessed to Chris Harrison that she was still thinking about Peter (even though she was close to breaking up with him that night).Still, they went to the Fantasy Suite so that Bryan could "break those walls." The emotional ones... Right?Cut to the next morning. They're in bed together. There's bacon nearby. They're feeding each other strawberries. The walls have almost certainly been broken.Next up, Rose ceremony. Demolition man Bryan got a rose.Peter got one too... Even though he told her he wasn't ready to get engaged.Eric was left without a rose. "I'll always love you," he confessed. Awwww.Nonetheless, neither of them shed a single tear on camera. *Side eye*Having made it to the final two, Bryan went on a romantic hot air balloon ride with Rachel, where he made his case on why he should be the last man standing.Rachel took Peter to church so that he could talk to a priest about marriage. Rachel did not come to play games.She broke down in tears because she felt like she was forcing the marriage talk on him. "I don't get it," she admitted. "I keep wishing for something that's not there."Peter told her once more that he was NOT ready to get engaged with her the next day, although he did tell her that he loves her.Ultimately, he said he would "sacrifice" for her. She said don't bother. They shared a VERY tearful sort-of goodbye that night. "What's wrong with me," Peter whispered to himself through tears, after Rachel was gone."I cried my eyelashes off," Rachel explained to Chris. Peter confirmed that he had walked past the lashes on the floor for two days.Rachel and Peter reunited onstage. It was awkward to say the least. "This is hard," Peter said. "I still struggle with it now."Peter had told her that without him, she would be settling for a life of mediocrity, and he apologized for that. "I'm living my best life," Rachel informed him.Peter also said that he "felt attacked" but couldn't explain why. He revealed that he tried to reach back out to Rachel after they parted, but she REJECTED him! "I truly wish you the best," she cooed.Back in Spain, Bryan was sitting down with Neil Lane to pick out a diamond ring. He chose a pear shaped sparkler in a halo setting.They picked possibly the windiest place on the planet for the proposal. Rachel's hair was whipping everywhere, and the microphones were going crazy. Still, nothing could ruin their moment.She told him she's in love with him, and he popped down on one knee and put that pear shaped diamond on her finger. She said yes!Bryan doubled down on After The Final Rose, proposing once more, proving he would do it all over again.They are planning on a winter wedding but "aren't rushing things."/n