'RHONJ' Heartbreak: Kim DePaola Car Shooting Victim Busted For Drugs Before Murder/n
One of the victims found shot and burned in Kim DePaola’s car had a heartbreaking past. RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal Aaron Anderson was arrested for a drug-related crime before his gruesome murder.
In court papers obtained from the Passaic County Superior Court in New Jersey, Anderson was arrested on July 29, 2014 for distribution and possession of marijuana and hash in a school zone.
READ THE COURT DOCS! 
Anderson originally pled not guilty to the charge, but was found guilty.
On April 10, 2015, he was sentenced to two years probation. He was also ordered to pay $1,205 in fines.
PHOTOS: 18 Scandals From Teresa Giudice’s Worst Year Ever
Anderson, 27, and Antonio Vega Jr. 25, were found shot and burned to death in DePaola’s car on Friday.
“Aaron Anderson, a friend of my son, was supposed to drop my son off at the airport, park the car and not use it,” DePaola, 56, told Radar. “But he used the car and then this horrific accident happened. The cops never thought I had anything to do with it. This would’ve happened in my car or not.”
Clarence Williams, 26, and Gerry Thomas, 28, have been arrested in connection to the murders, News12NJ reported.
PHOTOS: Worse Than The Giudices? Joe And Melissa Gorga’s 28 Darkest Secrets & Scandals Revealed
Anderson’s mother, Michele Ryerson, believes her son was murdered for talking to police about someone accused of attempted murder. She speculates Vega was in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Anderson was father to a 1-year-old son, while Vega was father to a 5-year-old daughter, with another child on the way.
DePaola told Radar that she will be honoring the victims and their families with a fundraiser.
PHOTOS: She’s Back! Teresa Arrives Home After Prison Release — Reunites With Husband Joe
“I’m going to throw a fundraiser in the beginning of June,” DePaola told Radar. “There are people they left behind, their families and children.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n