The Best, Worst & Wackiest Dressed Stars At The 2012 Do Something Awards/n
By Leah Ornstein – Radar Features Editor
Charitably chic or freak?
Hollywood’s hottest do-gooders were out in full fashion force at the 2012 Do Something Awards in Los Angeles on Sunday afternoon, but not all of them were dressed to impress! RadarOnline.com has all the wardrobe winners and sinners in a special Best, Worst & Wackiest dressed fashion feature.
PHOTOS: Best, Worst & Wackiest Dressed Stars At The 2012 Do Something Awards
Lea Michele is the latest star to take the plunge, and boy, did the Glee girl steam up the red carpet! Joined by her boyfriend and costar Cory Monteith, the 25-year-old flaunted her assets in a Giorgio Armani ruffled rise-and-fall gown that had a total flamenco feel, finishing off the look with a Fendi clutch, Jenni Kayne snaky sandals and Samira 13 bling.
The Twilight girls were also dressed in flawless fashion, with Ashley Greene looking marvelous and showing off her hot new body in a Michael Kors number, a Roger Vivier clutch and Giuseppe Zanotti heels and Nikki Reed in a fabulous nude hued Lela Rose gown, that she belted in silver and paired with a matching clutch and Jimmy Choo heels.
PHOTOS: Bill Clinton Foundation Concert Brings Out The Stars
Who wears a slit to the thigh and plunged to the waist gown to a charity event? Basketball Wives star Laura Govan landed herself on the worst dressed list, leaving very little to the imagination inappropriately attired in a slithery and too-sexy snake print dress.
As for wacky, will.i.am sassed up the carpet with his eccentric style, wearing a bizarre vest, blazer and puke green shirt with light jeans, espadrille shoes and a plaid cap.
PHOTOS:  Celebs Stand Up To Cancer
Other best dressed babes included Maria Menounous in a sexy backed Gomez Garcia mini, Sophia Bush in an Olcay Gulsen column dress and Olivia Munn in Alice + Olivia.
For the rest of the best, worst & wackiest dressed stars at the 2012 Do Something Awards, click here. /n