barely breaking a sweat on the trek up. Where can we find some of this royal magic?  By evening, the Duchess of Cambridge stood out in a red gown by Beulah London featuring a print of poppies. By little coincidence, the blue poppy happens to.../n
The Duchess of Cambridge is taking her closet to international heights. On her first trip to India alongside her royal husband, Prince William, 34-year-old Kate Middleton has turned up her style tenfold.By her second day in the country, the typically well-dressed duchess has already showcased five fabulous looks worthy of their own Pinterest boards.Whether she was visiting India's Tomb of the Unknown Soldier, playing cricket in Mumbai or gussying up for a Bollywood-themed charity gala, her suitcase of looks proved to be perfectly packed for every occasion.The cherry on top of this divine fashion sundae was Middleton's most recent outfit—a black and white embroidered evening look, which she sported to a garden party held in honor of Queen Elizabeth II's 90th birthday. Here's a breakdown of each ensemble and the designers behind the exquisite looks: 



Mark Cuthbert-Pool/Getty Images

For her grand arrival in the country she's been waiting to visit since she officially became a royal, Kate opted for a custom-made crimson patterned dress by Alexander McQueen with L.K.Bennett nude pumps. 



Chris Jackson/Getty Images

In honor of an afternoon round of cricket, Middleton changed into a flowy pink and seafoam tunic dress designed by Anita Dongre. She also switched out of her heels and into a pair of manageable nude wedges. Can't forget the sunglasses!



Chris Jackson/Getty Images

To conclude her first night in town, the mother of two turned to one of her fashion favorites, Jenny Packham, for this royal blue gown accented with silver beading. 



Chris Jackson/PA Wire

On her second day in New Dehli, the Duchess of Cambridge geared up for a packed schedule of events, including a visit to Mahatma Gandhi's home, in a cream, collared Emilia Wickstead midi dress with a swingy skirt and pockets at the bust. She paired the breezy dress with Rupert Sanderson nude pumps.



Mark Large - Pool/Getty Images

Her final look that day was this floor-length silk top and matching skirt with all over black and white embroidery designed by Temperley London. The ornate detailing still has our eyes mesmerized. 



Press Association via AP Images

On the third day of the tour, she donned a breezy printed maxi dress designed by Glamorous and a pair of nude flats while visiting a center for homeless children in New Delhi run by the charity Salaam Baalak.



MONEY SHARMA/AFP/Getty Images

By the afternoon, the Duchess joined India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi for lunch after changing into a seafoam green lace frock with a high neckline and pleated skirt designed by one of her favorites, Temperley London.



Chris Jackson/Getty Images

Duchess Kate topped off another full day in India by watching fireside dances during a Bihu Festival Celebration at Diphlu River Lodge.Similar to her other colorful ensembles we have seen thus far in the trip, Middleton sported a blue and green printed frock by Anna Sui. 



Mark Cuthbert/UK Press via Getty Images

On the fourth day of the tour, the royal arrived with her husband to begin a safari dressed in her most casual outfit yet— a pair of Zara jeans and a polka-dotted collared blouse. 



 Arthur Edwards - Pool/Getty Images

By the time Kate was feeding elephants, she had already switched into a powder pink floral print sundress with black trim by Topshop. Even when she's trekking through nature, Middleton can manage an outfit change. Bravo!



Samir Hussein/WireImage

By the fifth day of the tour, the Duchess and Prince William had arrived in Bhutan for the second part of their international tour. Kate descended the plane reminiscent of an old Hollywood movie star.Dressed in a golden belted flared coat by Emilia Wickstead and nude pumps, Middleton's ensemble was the epitome of springtime glamour. 



Chris Jackson/Getty Images

Later, the Duchess of Cambridge switched outfits, sporting a cream printed top by PAUL & JOE paired with a skirt she had custom-made from Bhutanese fabric. It was a perfect ensemble considering she was arriving to meet the King and Queen of Bhutan and later try her hand at a round of archery. Indeed, this outfit was right on target.  



Dominic Lipinski - WPA Pool/Getty Images

At the end of her long, first day in Bhutan, Prince William and Princess Kate attended dinner with the King and Queen of Bhutan. Kate looked brilliant in this colorful Tory Burch dress, which she paired with an orange shawl and black, strappy sandals—the perfect combination of casual elegance for the meal.



Arthur Edwards - Pool/Getty Images

To kick off her second day in Bhutan, Kate left her printed maxi dresses behind in exchange for a pair of jeans, a collared shirt, a vest and a pair of knee-high boots by Penelope Chilvers. The outfit was perfect for her hours-long hike up to Tiger's Nest Monastery. Still, the Duchess remained picture-perfect, barely breaking a sweat on the trek up. Where can we find some of this royal magic? 



Mark Large - Pool/Getty Images

By evening, the Duchess of Cambridge stood out in a red gown by Beulah London featuring a print of poppies. By little coincidence, the blue poppy happens to be Bhutan's national flower. To finish off the standout look, Kate opted for 1960s inspired volume in her sleek hairstyle. It was just the right amount of cheerful color for a reception celebrating the friendship between the United Kingdom and Bhutan.(Originally published April 11, 2016 at 10:27 a.m. PST)
/n