Ever Wanted To See How Nate Berkus Decorates His Own Home?/n





                    Celebrity Homes
                







Check out Hollywood's famed homes! 

 MORE >>





 Want a home decorated by Nate Berkus? Well, now you can!
The celebrity interior decorator is putting his $2.65 million Chicago condo up for sale, but don’t worry he still plans on having roots in the Windy City.
According to Real Estalker, Berkus initially spent $1.5 million in 2003 for the Gold Coast condo, which was formerly owned by the Block family of Inland Steel and re-worked in the 1950s by renowned International Style architect Samuel Marx that has since been renovated by Berkus himself.
 

more celeb homes: see beyonce's rumored houston mansion








































7 Photos »



How has the celebrity designer amped up the swanky pad?

The 7-room full floor condo is located in a 1928 apartment building and measures 3,980 square feet, boasting 3 bedrooms and 4 bathrooms.
Adding his own personal touch, Berkus had hardwood floors installed to reconfigure the master suite, but kept some of the original details such as oak paneling in the library and silver-leafed wall covering in the office. Plus, he added a fresh coat of paint restore life to the pad and spruced up the kitchen appliances to make them more modern.
The condo also features a large walk-in closet and a spacious living and dining room with plenty of windows, an 18th-century limestone fireplace mantel and a black and white geometric Madeline Weinrib-designed Buche rug.
 

kim kardashian & kanye west's bel air mansion








































46 Photos »



In the library, you’ll find a custom-made lemon yellow tufted ottoman in front of the fireplace, among a collection of tomes and treatises on art, architecture and design.
According to the listing, Berkus plans to “keep a presence” in Chicago, but preferably somewhere smaller.
The 41-year-old rose to fame in 2002 when he began to appear on The Oprah Winfrey Show, and it’s only been smooth sailing since then — including celebrity clients such as Billy Joel and his most recent ex-wife Katie Lee Joel, features in Elle Decor and a lucrative line of home products for the Home Shopping Network.
Launch the gallery above to see inside Berkus’ fabulous Chi-Town condo, and watch the video below to learn more about the man himself.
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n