Brad Fires Back! Pitt RIPS Divorce Betrayal In First Statement On Split/n
Brad Pitt didn’t wait long to add his two cents into the divorce announcement mix, releasing a statement shortly after soon-to-be ex Angelina Jolie issued her own.
“I am very saddened by this, but what matters most now is the well being of our kids,”the actor said in his statement to PEOPLE magazine. “I kindly ask the press to give them the space they deserve during this challenging time.”
As Radar readers know, Jolie filed for divorce earlier today, citing irreconcilable differences. The 41-year-old, who stated that the couple separated September 15, is seeking full physical custody over the couple’s six children.
PHOTOS: Photog Releases Topless Pics & Other Raunchy Shots Of Angelina Jolie
“Angelina will always do what’s in the best interest to protect her children,” Geyer Kosinski, Angie’s manager, revealed to Radar. “She appreciates everyone’s understanding of their need for privacy at this time.”
Later, attorney Robert Offer added: “This decision was made for the health of the family. [Angelina] will not be commenting, and asks that the family be given its privacy at this time.”
Shortly after tying the knot in 2014, the couple moved to Malta and the island of Goza to film their joint venture By the Sea, which Jolie had called their “honeymoon.”But it was a disaster from the start!
A spy told Radar that Pitt was drinking and this greatly affected production. Filming was stopped “because of how he was acting, he wouldn’t be ready for shoots, he was late.”
PHOTOS: Angelina’s Skeletal Arms EXPOSED! Jolie Caught Looking Frail On Scooter Ride
“They would see how he was a mess,”the source told Radar. “People were worried that he was an alcoholic.”
To make matters worse, sources close to the pair say the split comes after Angelina strongly disagreed with Brad’s parenting style, claiming the actress was “extremely upset with his methods.”
Other insiders claim Pitt had been having an affair with Allied costar, Marion Cotillard.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n