Jodie Sweetin Hires 24-Hour Security After Ex's Early Prison Release/n
Jodie Sweetin has hired a 24-hour security detail after her ex-fiancé was released from prison early, RadarOnline.com has learned.
According to The Daily Mail, the 35-year-old Full House star is terrified that Justin Hodak, who spotted walking around Los Angeles on Saturday, might attempt to come near hear following his short three months behind bars.
“Jodie found out that Justin was out and as you can imagine she’s terrified, she’s scared that he might act out and do something crazy to harm her,” a source told the publication. “She’s got a huge security guard with her all the time so feels a lot safer as a result.”
PHOTOS: How Rude! Reformed Wild Child Jodie Sweetin’s 11 Sexiest, Most Scandalous Photos
As Radar reported, after being found guilty for possession of a deadly weapon and of falsifying evidence by threatening a witness, Hodak, 40, was set to serve six years in a California state prison.
Sweetin had previously granted a restraining order after her ex terrorized her in an alleged drug and booze-fueled rage.
However, as part of a plea deal on May 5, the judge in the case ordered Hodak to serve 120 days in L.A. County Jail, complete a 52 week domestic violence course, and stay away from Sweetin for five years.
PHOTOS: Overdoses, Bitter Divorces & Sleeping With Uncle Jesse! Jodie Sweetin’s Top 14 Secrets & Scandals EXPOSED
At the time of his release, Hodak had already served some of his time in jail.
Meanwhile, an insider told The Daily Mail that Hodak won’t be a threat to Sweetin.
“Justin’s been doing a lot of soul-searching in jail, he’s had a few months in a cell to think about all the mistakes he’s made,’ a pal of the writer and producer said. “He doesn’t intend on messing up again and doing something stupid, he just wants to get on with his life and to do that, he knows he has to stay away from Jodie.”
“There’s no reason for her to be concerned,” the friend added. “Justin isn’t a bad guy. He never harmed her or threatened to harm her during their relationship.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n