EXCLUSIVE! Dame Edna: From Hugh and Britney to Kangaroo Private Parts Dame Edna knows everybody. At least she claims she does. The purple-haired diva and alter ego of Australian funnyman Barry Humphries is currently touring the U.S. with her.../n
Dame Edna knows everybody. At least she claims she does.The purple-haired diva and alter ego of Australian funnyman Barry Humphries is currently touring the U.S. with her one-woman show but recently made a pit stop in Los Angeles to promote her new makeup line for MAC Cosmetics.I sat down with Dame Edna at the famed Chateau Marmont hotel just before she dashed off to make an appearance on Jay Leno alongside Kate Winslet. The sharp-tongued old biddy talked Hugh Jackman, Britney Spears and what her new lipstick has to do with kangaroo private parts.

I have to ask you about your fellow Australian, Hugh Jackman. Do you think he's the sexiest man alive?I like Hugh. I know him so well. When you know someone very well, you don't see their beauty, you see their lovely personality. I’m not deeply physically attracted to him.How do you think he’ll do as host of the Oscars?I think he’ll be very good. He’s very charming. He has the most star quality out of all my pupils. I taught a lot of these people. I have a school for acting in Australia called the Dame Edna Academy of Drama. It’s known as the DEAD. I have produced Olivia Newton-John, Mel Gibson, Russell Crowe, Cate Blanchett, Nicole Kidman and Hugh. Their parents bring them to my home. I remember Mr. and Mrs. Crowe saying, “We have this little Russell,” and he stood on my kitchen table and recited something. And frankly, I didn’t think he would do very well.Your last show on Broadway was 2004. Any plans for a return?They miss me on Broadway…I will next year because I feel at home on Broadway. I also feel at home on Sunset Boulevard. I am going to get a star on the boulevard. Isn’t that wonderful? I have so many mates here. I think I’ll ask Cate Blanchett to come along.How did your collaboration with MAC come about?I always felt there was something missing in my life, and one day I was shopping in a store in New York and I tried a little of this product from MAC and I smeared a bit on my face, and do you know my skin said, "Thank you." Do you believe in the supernatural, because I couldn't believe it when I just heard a little voice say, “Thank you.” I've used it ever since, and they said to me one day, would I represent them in some way.Why should people buy your makeup?They would be silly if they didn’t. We have a lipstick called Kanga Rouge. It’s the most beautiful red you have ever seen. It’s inspired by a part of the kangaroo’s anatomy, which is quite bright red. When you see the lipstick sliding out of its little cylinder, it’s a little bit like a kangaroo in springtime.Who in Hollywood do you think needs a makeover most?Judi Dench desperately needs something, but she’s meant to be like that, like someone’s great-grandmother. Of course I adore her. She’s an old friend on mine. Well, there’s Britney. That girl needs more than a makeover. She needs to be reinvented, quite frankly. I would apply the F-word: forgotten, as in best forgotten. When I get out of cars, I’m very careful because I think of Britney. I’m a modest person. Only once did they catch a horrible glimpse, but I didn’t deliberately go commando that day.
/n