WATCH: Kendall Jenner Recalls Stalker Encounter at Her Hollywood Hills Home/n





                    Kendall Jenner's Grocery List Revealed
                







Bring it to the supermarket

 MORE >>





Kendall Jenner opens about the horrifying moment in which her alleged stalker appeared in the driveway of her Hollywood Hills home.

On Sunday’s episode of Keeping Up With the Kardashians, Kendall sits with Scott Disick and her mom Kris to describe the scene that took place last August.
“I had someone break into my house,” says Kendall. “I used to be the one who was so independent. I was always kind of by myself, in a good way, but now it’s fully flipped.”
The 21-year-old says that she returned home to see “a guy” sitting on the side of her street. “He just looked like a homeless man sitting in his knees…in the street,” she says.
“I drove around and went into my house and I watched the gate close. I turned my car off, getting my stuff together. I’m about to open my door and I look in my rearview mirror and he was standing right there. I just saw his figure, in the gate right behind my car.”
Find out what happened next in the clip above.


	Kendall Jenner Steps Out with Cornrows Day After Visiting a Strip Club








































6 Photos »


Also on Sunday’s episode, Kris holds down the fort when there seems to be a burglary at Kylie Jenner’s house right after Kim Kardashian was robbed at gunpoint during Paris Fashion Week. Kris and her boyfriend Corey Gamble stay on the phone with Kylie while he drives over to her home to survey the situation. Kylie expresses concern about the safety of her dog, Norman.
“They’re not going to do anything to your dogs,” Kris tells Kylie. “Just calm down. We’re going to take care of it.”
Corey and Kris get into a heated argument when Corey isn’t getting to Kylie’s home as quickly as she’d like him to get there. Watch it all go down in the clip below. Keeping Up With the Kardashian airs on Sunday (Mar. 26, 2017) at 9 p.m. on E!

/n