Alexis Arquette Cause of Death Has Reportedly Been Revealed/n





                    Alexis Arquette, Sibling to David and Patricia Arquette, Dead at 47
                







Trans actor Alexis Arquette, best known for her Boy George impression...

 MORE >>





Alexis Arquette passed away early Sunday at age 47, and a new report says she died from an AIDS-related illness she had been battling for years.
A source confirmed the cause of death to People, telling the magazine that Arquette, “had been suffering for a long time. She was sick for years. At one point, she wasn’t able to leave the house; she was in bad shape.”
In her final hours, the insider added, “The whole family rallied around her. And in the end they were always there to support her. Everyone knew [her death] was imminent. It was a matter of time.”
The Arquettes released a moving tribute to their beloved sibling on Sunday, saying “Alexis was a brilliant artist and painter, a singer, an entertainer and an actor.”
The statement continued, “[Alexis’] career was cut short, not by her passing, but by her decision to live her truth and her life as a transgender woman. Despite the fact that there are few parts for trans actors, she refused to play roles that were demeaning or stereotypical. She was a vanguard in the fight for understanding and acceptance for all trans people.”
Younger brother David Arquette also posted on Twitter, “Thank you all for your love and kind words about Alexis. My hero for eternity.”

Thank you all for your love and kind words about Alexis. My hero for eternity pic.twitter.com/Z18xLtYTBv
— David Arquette (@DavidArquette) September 11, 2016

David’s ex-wife Courteney Cox sent her respect as well. “My heart goes out to anyone who was lucky enough to know Alexis. We will love and miss you forever.”

My heart goes out to anyone who was lucky enough to know Alexis.
 We will love and miss you forever.
— Courteney Cox (@CourteneyCox) September 11, 2016


Other celebrities also paid tribute to the trans actor, including Roseanne Barr…

hail hail a vagenius has vacated this realm! RIP Alexis Arquette. this picture is backstage of my 1999 talk show. pic.twitter.com/pj7Zo8duvC
— Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) September 11, 2016

And Boy George, who Arquette imitated in her breakout role in The Wedding Singer.

R.I.P my sister Alexis Arquette. Another bright light gone out far too soon. Love to the family and all that loved Alexis.
— Boy George (@BoyGeorge) September 11, 2016


Alexis, who is part of the acting Arquette clan that includes sisters Rosanna and Patricia and brother David and Richmond, started acting at age 12, and along with The Wedding Singer, Alexis also appeared in Bride of Chucky and Pulp Fiction. His most recent role was in Adam Sandler’s Blended. 
/n