So Spoiled: What to Expect in the ‘Outlander’ Finale and More! /n





                    Jamie and Claire Will Be Back! 'Outlander' Renewed for Two More Seasons
                







We're on a Highlander high right now!

 MORE >>





Warning! Spoilers ahead!

Can’t wait for the next episode of your favorite show? Here’s some hints at what you can expect to see next! We’ve got spoilers on Fear the Walking Dead, Pretty Little Liars, Outlander and Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.!
Let’s get into it…

Desperate for details on the next season of FTWD? The show’s creator Dave Erickson has this piece of info on Alicia:
“We’ll see a woman who really comes of age and hopefully regains her connection with her mother and steps into more of an adult role.” [TV Line]

Curious how and when Jenna will return on Pretty Little Liars?
“We’re really going to explore that when she comes back,” said showrunner Marlene King, referring to the show’s time jump. “It’s been five years and some people may have let go of old grudges and other people don’t. I will say the girls aren’t thrilled when they see her popping up out of nowhere in a very inconvenient time. It’s never convenient to run into Jenna.” [Entertainment Weekly]


Inside Ashley Benson's $2.9 Million Mansion








































30 Photos »


Can’t wait to see the Battle of Culloden in the season finale of Outlander? Perhaps you shouldn’t be so anxious…
“Get your tissues ready,” actor Duncan LaCroix said, hinting that the season’s last episode could be harder to watch than that unforgettable scene in episode 7, titled “Faith.” LaCroix added: “You’ll also see Caitriona [Balfe]’s strongest performance to date, as well, which is going to be off the charts.” [TV Line]

Just how different is goth Daisy going to be in the next season of Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.?
“I think it makes her more ruthless being so close to what she thought was her own death,” actress Chloe Bennet said. “And then it happening in one of the worst scenarios she could ever think of, which is the person that she loved doing it for her, I think it changes her in a way where she probably will face life with even more ruthlessness. Also, there’s a sense of sadness that was there that I tried to make apparent at the end of the episode.” [Entertainment Weekly]


Shay Mitchell's Best Looks








































20 Photos »


/n