Kim Testified About Kanye's 'Debilitating' Mental Illness In Insurance Battle/n
Kim Kardashian testified under oath about Kanye West’s struggles with metal illness in her husband’s latest legal battle against his insurance company, for RadarOnline.com can confirm.
As previously reported by Radar, West, 40, slammed his tour insurers with a bombshell $10 million lawsuit on Tuesday over canceled shows due to his mental breakdown, and the new explosive court documents, exclusively obtained by RadarOnline.com, details an extensive medical exam of the rapper. Yeezy claims Lloyd’s of London failed to pay him claims emanating from his canceled Saint Pablo Tour last year.
The suit, filed on Tuesday, exposes West’s ongoing struggle with mental illness, stating his “behavior was strained, confused and erratic” during a concert in LA on November 19, further claiming that his state “showed no sign of improvement” the day after the show “prompting the decision by all concerned to cancel the show scheduled at the Los Angeles Forum that evening, and to cancel the entire balance of the Tour.”
PHOTOS: Kanye West Cancels The Rest Of His Tour Amid Complete Breakdown
And now, in a shocking turn of events, Radar can reveal Kardashian detailed her husband’s infamous November 2016 breakdown and hopitalization. Sources tell In Touch that the battle with Lloyd’s of London also includes a squabble over secret video footage the rapper fears could destroy his marriage to Kardashian. “More than 20 hours of video was taken of Kanye during the four days leading up to his hospitalization, and you see the deterioration of his condition and his mental breakdown,” the insider spills.
Yeezy was questioned under oath by the insurance company on February. Kardashian also testified on December 13, 2016 by the company who asked her about West’s prescribed Percocet use.
In the new lawsuit, West claims he and his company — Very Good Touring, Inc. — paid “hundreds of thousands of dollars in insurance premiums” and claims the insurers are hunting “for some contrived excuse not to pay.”
PHOTOS: On The Verge Of A Breakdown! Suicidal Kanye Caught On Tape Hours Before 5150 Hold
The explosive court docs also reveal the rapper’s repeated marijuana use, which West claims the insurers are trying to use as an excuse not to pay up. The suit states, “Nor have they provided anything approaching a coherent explanation about why they have not paid, or any indication if they will ever pay or even make a coverage decision, implying that Kanye’s use of marijuana may provide them with a basis to deny the claim and retain the hundreds of thousands of dollars in insurance premiums.”
The court docs also claim Yeezy “continues to be treated” by his primary physician, who advised the rapper he could not continue on with his tour due to a “debilitating medical condition.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n