Authorities: Prime Suspect Abdelhamid Abaaoud Killed In Raid/n
Officials Thursday said the prime suspect in organizing the Paris shootings, Abdelhamid Abaaoud, was killed in Wednesday’s law enforcement raid on an apartment in the Saint-Denis neighborhood of Paris.
Abdelhamid Abaaoud Dead
The remains of Abaaoud, a Belgium native suspected of organizing the mass act of violence, were determined via skin samples taken from his body during the Wednesday raid, according to Paris Prosecutor Francois Molins. The 27-year-old’s location was sussed out by wiretaps, surveillance and tips from informants, according to officials. Prime Minister Manuel Valls Thursday petitioned lawmakers to add a three-month extension to the ongoing national state of emergency.
Cafe Invasion
An ISIS terrorist believed to be is seen shooting up a Paris cafe in a new video that has surfaced online. In the clip published on DailyMail.com, a woman miraculously survives after the terrorist’s rifle didn’t fire properly. In the clip, which was pulled from closed circuit security video, a young waitress was seen protecting an older woman who was hurt in the violent incident. Authorities have been reviewing then footage for possible clues in their ongoing investigation.
Watch the video on RadarOnline.com

France: 35 ISIS Targets Hit Since Attacks
Sixty bombs were dropped over six Syrian locations, demolishing 35 targets used by ISIS for both meetings and the training of terrorists, French Military spokesman Col. Gilles Jaron said Thursday. The counterattacks are in an effort to diminish and disorganize the terrorist group, he said. More aircrafts were en route to Syria and Iraq to beef up forces in France’s series of strikes after Friday’s massacre.
White House: Prez Still Slated To Visit Paris
President Barack Obama is still headed to Paris for a previously-scheduled series of climate talks on Nov. 30 and Dec. 1, according to the White House. Deputy national security adviser Ben Rhodes told reporters that he’s confident in France’s ability to secure the surroundings, adding that U.S. and French authorities have been in close contact. amid ongoing events.
E.U.: Terror Suspect Database Has Doubled To 10,000 Names
A high-ranking official in the European Union said that as many as 10,000 names are in a database of suspected terrorists who migrate between Europe and Syria and Iraq, which is more than twice the size of what it was last year. Two-thousand of the names in the database are confirmed terrorists, according to Europol Director Rob Wainwright, adding that as many as 5,000 of the names on the list are linked to terrorist organizations.
As RadarOnline.com previously reported, 129 people were killed and another 350 hurt in the unprecedented Nov. 13 attacks in Paris. /n