Dylan Redwine s Death Declared a Homicide; Father Mark Named a Person of Interest/n
Dylan Redwine’s father, who had denied involvement in his 13-year-old son’s disappearance and death in 2012, was named a person of interest on Wednesday by the La Plata County Sheriff’s Office in Colorado.  
The sheriffs’s office also has reclassified Dylan’s death from undetermined to a homicide, and cited Mark Redwine’s behavior and inconsistent statements as a reason why. Also on Wednesday, the sheriff’s office cleared Dylan’s mom and Mark’s ex-wife, Elaine, their other other son, Cory, and her husband of any involvement, CBS News reports.  
“Today was a good day on our journey towards justice for Dylan,” Elaine Redwine, the boy’s mother, told KMGH-TV in Denver on Wednesday.  
Dylan RedwineLaPlata County Sheriff's Office/AP
On June 29, Elaine filed a wrongful death lawsuit against her ex-husband. Mark has since filed a countersuit, claiming Elaine has made inaccurate representations about domestic violence in a campaign to get law enforcement to consider him a suspect in Dylan’s death.  
This Thursday, Mark told KMGH-TV that he’s still “trying to digest all of this.”  
Dylan, who lived north of Colorado Springs, Colo. with his mom, went missing while visiting his dad, at his home near Vallecito Reservoir, during Thanksgiving week, in 2012.  
Mark has said he returned home from running errands on Nov. 19 and discovered his son gone. He says he last saw him sleeping, CBS reports.  
Last month, investigators said they’d identified a person of interest in the case but didn’t reveal who it was.  At the time, Mark told the Denver Post that it may have been him.  
In July, Dan Bender, a spokesperson for the Sheriff’s office, said two searches in June – near the area where the remains were found seven months after Dylan’s disappearance – turned up items of interest. Another sweep of the area is planned for September, CBS reports.  
Elaine has long wondered if Mark was involved.  
The pair got into a heated exchange on the Dr. Phil show in 2013.  
“I didn’t lose Dylan,” Mark said. “Then why is he gone?” Elaine asked. “You have to answer that question. You had him. Where is he?”   
Speaking with PEOPLE in July 2013, Mark Redwine said he was “absolutely not” involved with his son’s death.   
 To date, he continues to deny any involvement.  
Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
/n