The Publisher Has Spoken: No Richard Book/n
Richard Hatch is no longer engaged in Machiavellian trickery for the sake of a game show. And if book publishers were anything like Survivor, maybe they'd reward the conniving snake-man for his latest strategy.    Unfortunately for Hatch, we aren't in Pulau Tiga anymore. St. Martin's Press is canning its plans to publish a book by the $1 million prizewinner, after he reportedly submitted two different book proposals in an attempt to bend CBS rules on what he can say and write, according to Inside.com.    St. Martin's Press has acknowledged only that the book, titled Survival Skills for Life: An Owner's Manual, isn't happening. But sources tell Inside that the nearly $500,000 deal became mired in problems after Hatch submitted two different proposals--one for the publisher featuring heaping coconuts full of island gossip and an episode-by-episode recap, and another toned-down version for CBS, reportedly focusing more on his life and personal philosophy.     Under the castaways' restricted contracts with CBS, the network controls what tribe members can do in the months following their island adventure, and participants are not allowed to write their own memoirs about the hit series. However, the network initially approved of Hatch's book, believing the story was more about his life than the TV show.    Hatch's publicist could not immediately be reached for comment on the deal.    Without the juicy island dish, St. Martin's (which beat out Viacom-owned Pocket Books and Simon & Schuster for the rights) reportedly was left with the most unexciting parts of the book, and with egg-timer quickly winding down on Hatch's 15 minutes, the deal collapsed.       For now, at least, Survivor fanatics will have to settle for the "official" story by executive producer Mark Burnett and Martin Dugard, which hit bookstores Tuesday. Survivor, as it's oh-so-cleverly titled, offers Burnett's diary-like take on the island antics, including who got under his skin (Greg), who he adored (Gretchen, host Jeff Probst) and who the crew picked as the tribal villains (they guessed correctly: Susan). For those in an academic mood, Mighty Big TV has published a very extensive book report and analysis of the Burnett chronicles.   
/n