 Caitlyn In Crisis! Execs Shocked Over Dismal Ratings For 'Overexposed' Jenner's Show --.../n
After losing half of its audience in its second week on air, Caitlyn Jenner‘s once highly-anticipated docuseries I Am Cait has lost even more viewers, RadarOnline.com has learned.
As network executives scramble to pick up the pieces, a source close to the 65-year-old transgender rights activist and mega reality star tells Radar exclusively that “Caitlyn is beyond disappointed right now” — and so are her bosses!
I Am Cait had a strong premiere after Jenner went on Diane Sawyer to talk about her journey to become a woman. But in its third week on E! the show had only 1.2 million overall viewers, according to Nielsen ratings – with only half a million in the 18-49 year old demographic, which is its intended target audience.
PHOTOS: Welcome Home! See Inside Caitlyn Jenner’s Malibu Retreat — 12 Photos Of Her Private Palace
So, what went wrong?
“Executives and producers for the show feel that Caitlyn is being overexposed,” an insider at the network tells Radar.
“E! invested so much time and money into this project and everyone is just kind of baffled at how poorly it is doing.”
PHOTOS: Hollywood Hottie! Caitlyn Jenner Draws Big Crowd Filming ‘I Am Cait’ At LGBT Center –– Super Starlet Sizzles In The Rain In 9 Splashy Pics
As Radar previously reported, Jenner’s famous family members have mostly balked at appearing on her reality docuseries, with the exception of publicity-savvy stepdaughter Kim Kardashian.
“Caitlyn has begged the rest of her kids to help her out because her biggest fear right now is that the show will be cancelled,” a source close to Jenner says.
“Caitlyn got paid, but for her that isn’t enough. She wants ratings gold and it is evident that if something drastic is done that this show will most likely not make it to its final episode.”
PHOTOS: Mom Came Around — Esther Jenner Will Finally Accept Caitlyn! 8 New Photos Of Daughter!
But so far, the source claims, it’s safe: “As of right now, there are no definitive plans to pull I Am Cait off of the air.”
Indeed, E! has tried to put a positive spin on the numbers by trumpeting the show’s combined audience across multiple viewings each week, instead of the Nielsen numbers.
Do you think that I Am Cait could be cancelled? Tell us your thought in the comments below. /n