Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay's Family Grills One Charming Suitor While Rooting For An Underdog — Get The Recap HERE!/n

Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay's final three suitors have met her family!!
While many fans were still recovering from Miz Lindsay's decision to send home baby faced Dean, the powerhouse attorney was busy taking her relationships with her final beaus to the next level. How?? By bringing them home to meet her family, of course!
Related: BIP's Amanda Stanton Has Found Love Again 
Now, normally, the bachelorette's family is flown to some exotic location to meet up with the lead and her remaining men. However, the ABC dating competition broke from tradition this time around as Rachel's sister was eight months pregnant at the time of filming and couldn't travel. Thus Peter, Bryan, and Eric packed their bags and flew to Dallas for some quality time with the Lindsays.
Unsurprisingly, not EVERYONE made a great impression on Rachel's fam. So let's dig into the hometown visit! 
As Peter is the frontrunner, it only seemed right that the gap toothed cutie get the first meet and greet with the Lindsays. Peter was VVV eager to spend time with Rachel as he totally dropped the ball in articulating how he feels about her. While shopping for baby gifts for Rachel's sister, Peter gushed to the season 13 lead:
"You do mean the world to me. I want you to have so much confidence going into this in us and in me, and know that you're introducing a good person who is here for you. And I am falling in love with you."
And he's back in the lead, y'all! The twosome then made their way to Rachel's residence for a hangout with her mom Kathy, her aunt Connie, her uncle Jeff, her sister Constance, and Constance's husband Alex. The Lindsay patriarch was noticeably absent during the family meeting, but he IS a federal judge so he probably opted out of appearing on a trashy reality show.
Anywho, Peter's respectful and honest nature won over the Lindsays, especially Kathy. During a chat about Peter's hesitation to propose at the end of all of this, Rachel's mom actually appreciated the businessman's decision to not ask for her blessing. Way to be sincere AF, bb!

Eric was next on deck — and SUPER nervous about meeting Rachel's family. Why?? Well, because it's been six or seven years since the personal trainer has met a girl's family. But before we get into his visit with the Lindsays, let's cut back to the drama at the hotel between Bryan and Peter.
Related: Ben Higgins Isn't Ready To Kiss Someone Else!
As they're the two frontrunners, it isn't shocking to see that Peter and Bryan have some tension between them. Upon learning that Peter didn't ask Kathy for her blessing to propose to Rachel, Bryan told the Wisconsin native that he'd be doing just that. Peter was rightfully annoyed by this "ballsy" move and candidly told Bryan:
"What's awkward is having to sit here with her other boyfriend, knowing that her other boyfriend is home with her family right now. I don't want to be sitting here with you right now, I'm not going to lie."

Preach, bro. But, enough of these two, back to Eric…
Eric has shocked us all by landing in the final three and, after a rocky start, has become the underdog we're all rooting for. Now, the 29-year-old definitely raised a few eyebrows when he admitted that his longest relationship didn't even hit the year mark. Still, Eric's earnestness seemed to win everyone over and he even snagged Kathy's blessing to propose to Rachel. Awwww.
On meeting Eric, momma Lindsay dished:
"Today was good. I was pleasantly surprised again at Rachel's choice. I like the fact that Eric appears very honest, and has a desire to get married and raise a family. I can understand why this is going to be a tough decision for her.

Eric is still in the game, folks!
And for the moment we've been waiting for, Bryan met with the Lindsay clan. We knew the moment Bryan started spitting lines Rachel's protective family would start grilling him. We mean, like we said, the Lindsay patriarch is a FEDERAL JUDGE! Before Bryan was introduced to Rachel's loved ones though, the Miami native met with two of the bachelorette's gal pals.

While it may've seemed like Rachel was all about Bryan since day one, the legal expert dished to her friends:
"Let's just be real: I thought he was a douchebag. I really did. I was waiting for the charm to [wear] off and he was like: ‘Look, I'm not going to let you mess this up.' "
Of course, this comment inspired Bryan to turn up the charm even more. The smooth talking went over well with Rachel's friends, but NOT with the Lindsays. In fact, there was serious tension between the chiropractor and the Lindsay crew from the get go. Kathy even questioned Bryan's loyalties to Rachel after learning about his (seemingly unhealthy) relationship with his mother.
Kathy went as far as to force Bryan to admit on camera (TWICE) that he'd pick Rachel's side over his mother's in the instance that the women butted heads. We're sure this gave Bryan's mother a heart attack.
The interrogation against Bryan upset Rachel a ton as she told the cameras:
"I was very excited to introduce Bryan to my family, but I felt like my excitement wasn't reciprocated by my family. I'm irritated at this point. The energy is totally different than it was the other two days with Peter and Eric."
Later, when revealing her love for Bryan to her mother, Kathy shared that she doesn't feel comfortable with this notion. Rachel's sister clearly felt the same way as she questioned Bryan's sincerity. Nonetheless, Bryan came to Dallas to get Rachel's mother's blessing and was NOT leaving the family sit down without it.
Reluctantly, Kathy told Bryan:
"Because I trust her judgment, you have my blessing to take this initial love. And just build on that."
Awkward! After three VERY different visits with the Lindsays, the final suitors were whisked away to La Rioja, Spain.
Eric landed the first overnight date and boy did it go over well. Rachel took Eric on helicopter ride around the region even though he hates heights, and it further proved that he'll do anything to win the bachelorette's heart. In typical Bachelorette fashion, the outing ended with some down time and a declaration of love.

Related: Rachel Gushes About Her 'Hopeless Romantic' Fiancé!
After dancing around the word "love" for awhile, Eric gushed to Rachel:
"I don't know if you understand how much you challenge me emotionally, making me feel vulnerable and open — it feels amazing. Everything about this feels right. You embody everything I would want in a wife. Nothing else matters. I'm just here to say that I'm in love with you. I tried to run … but this is it. I'm here. I'm here for you. I'm just a happy man. I've never felt this way about a girl, ever. Rachel Lindsay, I love you."
We're not crying, YOU ARE! Rachel rewarded Eric's openness with an invitation to the Fantasy Suite. He said yes, because, duh.
Peter had the next overnight date and was taken to a local vineyard for some fun. Yet their date took a serious turn as, later on, Rachel laid into Peter for his reluctance to propose. After sharing that she doesn't believe that getting engaged means they have to rush into marriage, Rachel relayed:
"I didn't come this far and put my life on hold and sacrifice everything I had to do this to just have a boyfriend at the end of it — that's not what I want."
You tell 'em, girl!
Peter wouldn't budge though as he noted that he believes "an engagement is marriage." He added:
"I don't want you to give up on what you believe and what you need in your life. We talked about trying to find the common ground — I just don't know what that is with something that is so polar opposite. I don't know how to get through that."
*GASP* Understandably, Peter's admission was "absolutely devastating" to Rachel. The reality TV starlet even concluded to the cameras:

"I don't know what to do. I was hopeful for what Peter and I could be, and then just like that, I didn't see it. Tonight, for the first time ever, I'm thinking Peter and I might not work out."

Will Peter get the boot? Could Eric actually win this thing? We'll just have to wait and see!
Don't forget, The Bachelorette airs Mondays at 8 p.m. ET on ABC.
/n