Giveaway Alert! Win a ‘Kocktails with Khloé’ Guest Gift Bag/n





                    Khloe Kardashian's Shocking Confession
                







She does not hold back!

 MORE >>





Take home the gift bag that all of Khloé’ Kardashian’s guest take home!
You too can be a star! Win the bag given to Khloé Kardashian and celebrity guests featured on her new talk show, Kocktails with Khloé. Be sure to tune in to watch on Wednesdays at 10/9c on FYI Network.
The gift bag has a retail value of $549.00.
How to Enter:
1) Leave a comment on this post telling us why you love Khloé Kardashian so much.
2) Feel free to leave multiple comments and share all your thoughts on Khloé!
3) When leaving your comment(s), make sure you are logged in using a valid email address!
4) You must live in the continental United States in order to enter.
5) You have until Sunday, April 17, 2016, midnight PST to enter.
This is what you all could win:





The prize includes:

Abella Skincare, Inc. – Colorshade SPF 35 tinted sun protection with all the benefits of vitamins and antioxidants.
Crabtree & Evelyn – Crabtree & Evelyn Nail Lacquer applies beautifully, dries fast and is formulated without the toxic chemicals commonly found in Nail Lacquer, leaving you with eye-catching color that lasts.
Cruz Espresso Coffee Thins – The revolutionary new Coffee Thins™ use a patented technology that converts 100% of the whole coffee bean into the “first ever” coffee you can eat.
kai – Our intoxicating signature perfume oil fragrance preciously packaged in an easy to use, roll-on vial. The kai fragrance is a gardenia top note wrapped in white exotics.
Pendeza Pantyhose – You will always want to show your legs once you discover Pendeza Pantyhose! Our figure flattering sheer tights are made from a comfortable 15 denier fabric that hides blemishes and give legs a natural, toned look, so you can walk in style, with confidence.
POM Wonderful – Each 8oz bottle of POM Wonderful 100% Pomegranate Juice contains the juice from two whole pomegranates and nothing more-no added sugar or artificial flavors. A little sweet, a little tart, POM Wonderful 100% pomegranate juice is powered by pomegranate antioxidants.
Pure Plant Home – Coconut wax candles with real essential oil aromas for conscious living.
S Factor by TIGI – S Factor is designed for a woman who wants seriously sensational hair: a woman who aspires to evoke serious glamour every day of her life. With S Factor, she succeeds.
Table8 Dining Club – Complimentary Dining Club membership, which grants access to dining recommendations, tough-to-book restaurants, and chef events.
Thera Cane MAX Trigger Point Massager – Treat yourself to deep relief from painful, knotted, spasmed muscles. This amazingly simple yet effective self-massager makes it easy to apply pain-relieving deep compression directly to hard, knotted “trigger points” anywhere they occur – breaking up tension even in the hardest-to-reach muscles between your shoulder blades!
Vaportini – Vaportini is a revolutionary way to consume alcohol.
Waist Gang Society Sweat Fitness Belt – Our Sweat Fitness Belt is perfect for working out in. It increases your core temperature and improves sweat during exercise.
Wonderful Pistachios – Wonderful Pistachios are America’s best-selling snack nut and the smart, healthy choice for folks around the world. Wonderful Pistachios are premium California-grown that come in a variety of flavors and sizes including Roasted & Salted, Sweet Chili, Salt & Pepper, Lightly Salted and more.
ZUMER SPORT – Special edition Football “Barrel” Duffel Bag is created from actual football material.

Items in photo subject to change based on availability. Some colors and styles may vary. Courtesy of Backstage Creations.


Khloé Kardashian Gives a House Tour to 'Architectural Digest'








































14 Photos »


/n