Princess Beatrice Elbows Her Way Into the Working Royals Club/n
Even though Prince Charles is already trying to slim down the monarchy (wasn’t it obvious?), Princess Beatrice seems to be ignoring her uncle/future king’s plans.
The sixth-in-line to the throne and her younger sister are not considered “senior royals,” according to insiders.  Last year, there was reported tension between the Prince of Wales and Prince Andrew over the younger brother’s daughters.

“His view,” a source told the Daily Mail at the time, “is that as the current working members of the family age, Beatrice and Eugenie – who are fifth and sixth in the line of succession – will be required to have roles.”
This, of course, involves the status that goes with being a working royal, something that Andrew enjoys himself and would like to maintain for his girls.
“Andrew is determined to help his girls get involved in royal duties and is prepared to have a battle royal with courtiers if necessary.
“It’s all about status and why Andrew is so determined that the girls should continue to have round-the-clock police protection.”
Yesterday, Beatrice accompanied Queen Elizabeth and Prince Philip to Ascot for the QIPCO British Champions Day.  Today, the Express revealed that Her Royal Highness quit her job a few months ago and will be focusing more on royal duties.
“Beatrice is rapidly becoming the glamour girl of the Royal family,” a source told the Express.  “She is brilliant at talking to people and spreading a feel-good factor.”
On November 8th, the princess will be the guest of honor at Fashion For the Brave, an event that will raise money for injured servicemen and women.  She joined her grandparents at Buckingham Palace last Friday to meet education advocate Malala Yousafzai.
“Some charities who have had royal patrons are interested in getting Beatrice to succeed them,” the source added. “People like the Duke of Kent and Princess Alexandra are getting on and have suffered some illness.
“William, Catherine and Harry can’t do it all, so why not use Beatrice as well?”
Beatrice’s younger sister, Princess Eugenie is currently working for an online auction house in New York.


the windsors celebrate her majesty's coronation








































12 Photos »


/n