Katy Perry: ‘It’s Not Easy Loving Me’/n





                    Russell Brand Still Has 'Very Warm' Feelings for Ex-Wife Katy Perry
                







No more bad blood?

 MORE >>










                    Katy Perry: I Had Suicidal Thoughts Following Russell Brand Divorce
                







:'(

 MORE >>





Katy Perry has come a long way since her “I Kissed a Girl” days.

Now at 32, the “Chained to the Rhythm” singer has now been in the industry for more than 10 years. While she admittedly still doesn’t know everything bring that “there is so much to learn still,” Perry says having been thrusted into the spotlight in her 20s definitely opened her eyes.
“It’s a nice place to be,” she says of her age in her latest cover story with Vogue. “I love it! I wouldn’t give anything to go back to my 20s; I’m so much more grounded. And I’ve learned a lot of lessons—patience, the art of saying no, that everything doesn’t have to end in marriage. That your education can start now. I blasted off on a rocket, holding on for dear life.”
Perry, who was previously married to Russell Brand and most recently broke things off with Orlando Bloom, adds that she doesn’t sweat about love and relationship. In fact, she no longer celebrates Valentine’s Day, telling the publication, “This is like National Donut Day to me; it’s like a made-up holiday.”
She continues, “I think I broke up with Valentine’s Day in my 20s. It’s just so … pressure-filled: It’s not easy loving me, but it seems like you are up for the challenge tonight!”





CREDIT: Mert Alas and Marcus Piggott/Vogue


In the same interview, Perry also opens up about her strict Christian upbringing and how it has shaped her to become the person she is today. Having experienced “generational racism” as a child and was not “allowed to interact with gay people,” she says seeing President Donald Trump take the White House “brought up a lot of trauma” from her past.
“Misogyny and sexism were in my childhood: I have an issue with suppressive males and not being seen as equal. I felt like a little kid again being faced with a scary, controlling guy. I wouldn’t really stand for it in my work life, because I have had so much of that in my personal life,” she shares. “We can’t ever get that stagnant again. I am so grateful that young people know the names of senators. I think teenage girls are going to save the world! That age group just seems to be holding people accountable. They have a really strong voice—and a loud one.”


Katy Perry performs at Hillary Clinton fundraiser








































10 Photos »


/n