Former Trump Staffers Confirm They Had An Extramarital Affair Which Resulted In A Love Child!/n

Juicy stuff!!
On Wednesday, two former staffers from Donald Trump's 2016 presidential campaign came forward and confirmed that they had an extramarital affair while working for the now Commander-In-Chief. The ex-employees involved are former White House communications director Jason Miller (who is indeed married) and ex-transition advisor A.J. Delgado.
Related: Anne Frank Center Goes After Trump With Hitler Comparison
What makes this affair so scandalous is the fact that the illicit union resulted in a PREGNANCY!! Not to mention, the duo decided to have the baby as both Jason and A.J. recently announced the birth of their son, named William. And it appears as though Mr. Miller's wife is cool with her husband's bastard as the former Trump lackey told Page Six: 
"My wife and I, along with our two daughters, are excited to welcome William into the world and into our family, and we appreciate the well wishes we've received from so many."
Is Mrs. Miller REALLY "excited" about baby William's arrival?? We mean, Jason and his wife only just welcomed their second child together back in January. Talk about a modern family situation.
Miz Delgado announced William's birth on Twitter earlier this week, as she wrote:

Dear friends: Beyond thrilled to share with you that I'm now the proud mother of a beautiful son (!), William!!! Born 7/10
— A.J. Delgado (@AJDelgado13) August 8, 2017
However, it seems A.J. and Jason are NOT on close terms following the birth of their son. The political adviser continued:

Actually the father did not/has not sent the child even a $1, or a single gift/item. I have had to pay for/cover everything myself. Cheers. https://t.co/ggZoGFe1jk
— A.J. Delgado (@AJDelgado13) August 9, 2017


And I'm not sure what Jason means that he and his wife are excited to welcome Will. Really? News to me. Let me shut up before I say more…
— A.J. Delgado (@AJDelgado13) August 10, 2017

As for the affair which led to her "love child," A.J. wants her followers to know:

(cont.) The father and I were dating for two months (he was separated from his wife, he said, and had been since June.)
— A.J. Delgado (@AJDelgado13) August 10, 2017


I dated someone who was separated (or at least said he was). What part of that is immoral? Try again! https://t.co/g9wkxLUiKv
— A.J. Delgado (@AJDelgado13) August 10, 2017
Oh snap!! It's said the former flames aren't on speaking terms and are currently communicating via lawyers.
Delgado first teased her pregnancy drama back in December 2016 when she wrote a tweet congratulating "the baby-daddy" on his White House promotion. She later referred to Miller as "the 2016 version of John Edwards." However, after Jason's two-day tenure as Communications Director, A.J. deleted the posts.
Dramaaaaaa. We're guessing we'll learn A LOT more about Jason, A.J., and baby William in the days to come.
Stay tuned!!
[Image via Twitter.]
/n