Lovers, Marathons & More! Read 'Marvel' Betty White's Secret Bucket List/n
Beloved actress Betty White has put together a bucket list as she marches toward her 95th birthday — and retirement isn’t on it!
“Betty insists she won’t be put out to pasture,” a friend told RadarOnline.com. “She has her agents working overtime to find a regular gig for her. There isn’t an inch of retirement in her. She’s a marvel!”
Hollywood’s real-life Energizer bunny — an Emmy winner on the hit sitcoms The Mary Tyler Moore Show and Golden Girls — turns 95 on Jan. 17.
White lost her latest TV gig when Hot in Cleveland was cancelled last year, and she’s now in her second season as a panelist on ABC’s revamped game show, To Tell the Truth.
PHOTOS: Betty White — Through The Years
But that takes “only a few days to tape so it doesn’t keep White nearly as busy as she wants to be,” noted the friend.
“She’d love to do a one-woman Broadway show for a short stint to show the world she’s still sharp, can remember lines and is a force to be reckoned with.”
“And after hosting Saturday Night Live, she says there’s nothing like being up on stage in front of a live audience,” added the pal.
As a life-long animal lover and supporter of animal causes, “Betty has also dreamed of going on a safari in Africa to see the wildlife,” the friend said.
PHOTOS: Tinseltown Trainwrecks! 16 Hollywood A-Listers Who Went From Hero To Zero
“Betty even wants to run — well, walk briskly — the Los Angeles Half Marathon, and collect pledge money to fund her animal work.”
“Of course, Betty’s favorite joke — and she’s been telling it for years — is that when people ask her what she’d still like to do, she says, ‘Robert Redford!'”
When she’s not working, White keeps busy with other interests. She enjoys needlepoint and crossword puzzles, and often invites friends over for poker, pals say.
She also remains very involved with the Los Angeles Zoo, and other animal health and rights organizations.
PHOTOS: Secret Murders, Frozen Bodies & More! Hollywood’s 15 Most Bizarre Conspiracy Theories EXPOSED
But with a stellar 70-year career behind her, acting remains White’s true love, sources said.
“Betty feels like acting fuels her other passions, not the other way around, and she doesn’t want to build her life around them,” said the pal.
“Betty can still drive herself around, and she feels fit. She knows some producers might think she’s not up for a weekly grind on TV, but she believes she can still outwork actors 50 years younger than her. It’s the work that fuels her. It would just be sad if she didn’t get another chance to shine.”
White never remarried after legendary game show host husband Allen Ludden passed away in 1981, and she has no children, so “her career is what she’s really poured herself into,” explained her friend.
PHOTOS: Hollywood Hellhole! A-List Hotspot Craig’s Hit With 17 Health Code Violations
The big-hearted star plans to leave her estimated $20 million fortune to animal foundations.
“But she’d like to see that number grow,” said the pal. “Betty’s still out there fighting for a paycheck. She laughs and says any show would be lucky to have her!”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n