Surprise! Rosie's Daughter Admits She's Married/n
Rosie O’Donnell’s 19-year-old daughter just confirmed what RadarOnline.com readers knew for months: She’s married!
Radar previously broke the news that Chelsea O’Donnell married Nicholas Alliegro, a 31-year-old plumber from Long Island, New York, on July 1, 2016, just eight months after they met at a Dunkin Donuts.
Now Chelsea is opening up about their romance, and her still-strained relationship with her mother.
“She was upset that we got married without telling her, which I totally get,” Chelsea told Inside Edition.  “She was shocked.”
But shocking her mom is nothing new! Chelsea, who has battled drug issues, sparked a nationwide alert in 2015 when she ran away from home. She was later found in the company of a drug dealer, and claimed that Rosie had kicked her out of her house, which Rosie has denied.
But recently, Radar exclusively exposed that Rosie booted Chelsea to rehab in a last-ditch effort to save her from a life of coke-fueled depravity.
What’s more, Radar also uncovered a series of desperate text messages that show her marriage may already be in trouble!
PHOTOS: Biological Mom Of Rosie O’Donnell’s Oldest Adopted Kid Revealed In 10 Photos—‘I Just Want My Daughter Back!’
“Tryna get drugs. Just blow. I need some. I gotta find a way to make $20,” a woman claiming to be Chelsea wrote to a man she met on Facebook just months ago.
“I just want some blow …” she continued. “I don’t wanna do bad things for it but f–k … it helps [me] deal with nick.”
As for her relationship with Rosie, the two briefly reconciled last summer, and Chelsea was on good terms with her mother for a moment.
In a selfie posted online, Chelsea is smiling brightly as Rosie mugs for the camera.
“Chelsea and me — what a difference a year makes #hopelives,” the comedian captioned the happy photo.
Rosie O’Donnell Spotted In An Electric Wheelchair Following Daughter’s Health Scare
Since then, Chelsea says they’ve had yet another falling out.
“The last time we got into an argument, we ended up screaming at each other and I left the room,” Chelsea says.
But she’s still hopeful the two can patch things up and be a family again.
“I just want her to know that we’re doing really great and we’re happy,” she says.
For more from Chelsea O’Donnell, including how she and her outspoken mother are dealing with the Trump Presidency, tune in to Inside Edition tonight.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n