Grammys 2016: The 10 Best Song of the Year Winners Since 2000/n





                    Justin Bieber, Johnny Depp and More Set to Perform This Year's Grammys
                







The Grammys 2016 performers list just got a little bit more interesting

 MORE >>





In the last 16 years, the Grammys have honored some of the best artists, recognizing songs that have become instant classics. These hits have either pulled at our heart strings or have lifted our spirits, but in case you have forgotten them here’s a flashback to the top 10 Grammy Song of the Year winners since 2000.

“Beautiful Day” by U2





In 2001, U2 won song of the year for “Beautiful Day.” The commercial success the song received caused the band to perform the song at each one of their concerts since it’s live debut on their Elevation Tour.
“Fallin'” By Alicia Keys





Fallin’ was Alicia Keys’ debut single from her debut album, Songs in a Minor. It was the hit that landed Keys on the chart, earning her Best Song of the Year in 2002 and a number one spot on the Billboard’s Hot 100.
“Dance with My Father” by Luther Vandross





“Dance with My Father” might be mostly recognized at weddings during the daughter and father dance, but it was also the most requested song at the time of its release in 2003. In 2004, Luther Vandross went on to receive Song of the Year at the Grammys.


Fashion Flashback Friday: Grammys 2006	








































15 Photos »


“Rehab” by Amy Winehouse





Vocal powerhouse, Amy Winehouse won Song of the Year at the 2008 Grammys for “Rehab.” The hit is widely known for being Winehouse’s signature song, and the only one to land her a Top 10 spot in Billboard’s Hot 100.
“Viva La Vida” by Coldplay





“Viva La Vida” earned Coldplay huge commercial success, becoming the sixth song to reach the 4 million mark in paid downloads in the U.S. The hit song became Coldplay’s first single to hit a number one spot in both U.S and U.K charts. In 2009 “Viva La Vida” was recognized as Song of the Year at the Grammys.
 “Need You Now” by Lady Antebellum





Lady Antebellum won Song of the Year in 2011 for “Need You Now.” In 2010, the song landed a number two spot in Billboard’s Hot 100, landing the group their highest charting single.
“Rolling in the Deep” by Adele





Although Adele was widely known in the U.K before her second studio album, 21, it wasn’t until the release of “Rolling in the Deep” that granted the Vocal Goddess her international success. “Rolling in the Deep” stayed number one for Billboard Hot 100 for seven weeks, and was a number one hit in 11 other countries. Adele won Song of the Year for the hit single at 2012’s Grammys.
“We Are Young” by fun.





“We Are Young” can easily be recognized as the graduation song of 2012, but it was Glee’s cover of the hit song that landed fun.’s mainstream success. The song was featured during Super Bowl XLVI for a Chevrolet Sonic commercial. fun. won Song of the Year at the Grammys in 2013.
“Stay With Me” by Sam Smith





Sam Smith started getting recognized thanks to his feature on “Latch” with Disclosure, but his solo commercial success rocketed with his single “Stay With Me.” The hit song earned him a number two spot in Billboard’s Hot 100, and peaked in the U.K, Canada, and New Zealand charts. In 2015, Smith won Song of the Year at the Grammys.
Interested in More Grammy Throwbacks? Take a look at our Gallery Below! 


Grammy's Best New Artist Since 2000








































16 Photos »


 
/n