Sisters Of Survivor Producer Murder Suspect's Slain Wife Request Custody Of Kids/n
By Jen Heger – Radar Legal Editor
Former Survivor producer, Bruce Beresford Redman’s ex-sisters-in-law,  are asking a judge to grant them custody of his two children from his  marriage to Monica Burgos, whom he is charged with murdering,  RadarOnline.com is exclusively reporting.
 Monica was murdered in Cancun, Mexico over a year and a half ago, and  her husband has been charged with the murder. Bruce is currently in jail  in Los Angeles, as he appeals a judge’s recent decision to have him  formally extradited back to Mexico to face charges.
 EXCLUSIVE DOCUMENTS: Monica Burgos’ Sisters Request Custody Of Her Children
 Monica’s sisters, Jeane and Carla Burgos are asking Judge Mitchell  Beckloff to grant them custody of Camila and Alec, who are being cared  for by Bruce’s parents, David and Juanita Beresford Redman.
 The sisters claim that David and Juanita have been consumed with  devoting their attention to their son’s defense, and have not been  focusing on the kids. Furthermore, the court docs state: “They also  blame the maternal aunts, Carla and Jeane for their son’s predicament  and have made every effort to punish Carla and Jeane by attempting to  alienate them from the children.”
PHOTOS:    Celebs Involved In Murder
 Bruce’s parents’ ages and state of health are also a concern to the  sisters. “The current guardians are incapable of performing their  duties. Specifically, David is 78 years old and Juanita is 74 years old.  Juanita suffers from lupus and rheumatoid arthritis and has been too  ill to act as a monitor during several visitations,” the documents  state.
 A hearing has been set for September 8 to determine the matter.
RELATED STORIES:
Bruce Beresford-Redman Extradition Formally Given To Secretary Of State Hillary Clinton
Survivor Producer To Be Extradited To Mexico; Faces Murder Charge
Survivor Producer Wants 6-Year-Old Daughter To Testify At Extradition Hearing 
Monica Burgos’ Sisters Furious At Accused Murderer Husband’s Latest Anti-Extradition Ploy /n