Samantha Bee’s Most Awkward On-Camera Moment Involves Al Sharpton and a Breast Pump/n

For the comedic genius behind Full Frontal with Samantha Bee, you might think picking out her most awkward moment on camera would be tricky — but the Emmy-nominated writer/host was able to pick it out in an instant.
Sitting down with PEOPLE’s editor-in-chief Jess Cagle for the rapid-fire Cagle Exercise, Samantha Bee opened up about her fears, loves and everyday life.
The one thing I wish I was allowed to do on television is …
“I literally get to do everything I want on television and I don’t know why,” the former Daily Show correspondent said. “I feel that there is no terrain left for me to conquer in terms of how hard I have pushed it. But anyway, still employ me TBS!”
I am beyond grateful that ___ is open 24 hours …
“I am beyond grateful that New York City is open 24 hours! I need it to be open … It’s not important for you to know why I’m on the street at 5 o’clock in the morning, but sometimes I am and there so many people all around. I’m always very happy to greet the world.”
My recurring nightmare is …
“It’s so stupid! But it’s true. It’s that I’m waitering and I have a table of people who ordered different-flavored milkshakes and I’m working at a restaurant with no milkshake maker. It’s horrible! I wake up in a cold sweat.”
If I had to kiss one celebrity right now it would be …
“I don’t like celebrities,” the actress, who was named one of TIME’s 100 Most Influential people in 2017, quipped. “They pretty much all have trench mouth.”
FROM PEN: ‘Dear White People’ Handles the Transition from Movie to TV Beautifully

What keeps me up at night is …
“If you watch my show, I think you know what keeps me up at night,” Bee said of her famously funny criticisms of the president. “Also, last night before I went to bed I ate a massive bag of dill pickle chips and that’s what kept me up.”
The funniest person I’ve ever known is …
“My husband!” she added of her partner in love and work, Jason Jones. “He’s amazingly funny and that’s why I married him. That’s what keeps our marriage … sexual!”
The most awkward moment I’ve ever had on camera is …
“I once interviewed Al Sharpton while an electric breast pump pumped my breasts under a blanket. He was answering questions like a proper human being and all you could hear was this like ‘slurp, slurp, slurp.’ It was really loud and amazing.”
Full Frontal with Samantha Bee airs Wednesdays (10:30 p.m. ET) on TBS.
—With LIAM BERRY
/n