Jason Segel Heads To Alcoholics Anonymous After Split From Michelle Williams/n
How I Met Your Mother star Jason Segel has checked himself into Alcoholics Anonymous in a desperate bid to win his battle with booze in the wake of his heartbreaking split from Michelle Williams, RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned.
The 33-year-old actor’s drinking was so out of control that he decided to attend a 12-step meeting on March 2 in Hollywood, Calif. in a desperate bid to save himself, according to a source.
“I have been sober for 12 days,” Segel, who starred alongside reformed alcoholic Russell Brand in Forgetting Sarah Marshall, said.
PHOTOS: Michelle Williams Somberly Steps Out Alone
A drinker for years, Segel is now determined to reclaim his life after Williams ended their year-long romance in mid-February.
Williams, the ex of late Oscar winning actor Heath Ledger, wasn’t able to make a long-term commitment to Segel, leaving him devastated, according to sources.
PHOTOS: A Look Back At Heath Ledger’s Life On Anniversary Of His Death
“She cares a great deal for Jason but is not ready to make a commitment,” an insider said. “Maybe if they were together day-to-day, she would have more confidence in a future. But not at this time.”
Williams, 32, and Segal, began dating in 2012 and were photographed as recently as January in Cancun.
Another insider cited long distance as the primary reason for the split. Williams lives in Brooklyn with her daughter Matilda, 7, and Segel is based in Los Angeles, where his hit CBS sitcom is taped.
PHOTOS: Jason Segal And Matilda Ledger Hang Out Together In Brooklyn
“Jason never got rid of his place in L.A., and Michelle’s life with (daughter) Matilda was and has always been in New York,” another source said.
“While Jason made every effort to make them a priority in his life — and they were top priority — he still couldn’t drop everything and leave his life and career in L.A.”
In the past, Segel hadn’t shied away from from his wild partying and heavy boozing.
In 2011, a bumbling drunk Segel answered paparazzo’s questions outside a Los Angeles nightspot.
He also starred in a viral video that hit YouTube, clutching a drink and serenading a fan with a karaoke version of Van Morrison’s “Brown Eyed Girl” in Ann Arbor, Mich. in 2011. The actor was shooting The Five-Year Engagement at the time. /n