The People vs. Marv Albert/n
It's a bye week for NBC sportscaster Marv Albert. No NFL game to call on Sunday. Maybe that's because the play-by-play man has a big Monday planned--due at 10 a.m. in Judge Benjamin Kendrick's Arlington, Virginia, courtroom to stand trial on sexual assault charges.      At-the-buzzer attempts to short-circuit the proceedings and get the case tossed have all gone down to defeat. And now the trial looks to cap one America's newest and most unlikely pastimes: Learning the intimate details of  Marv Albert's sex life, admitted and alleged.      Prosecutors in Virginia indicted the voice of New York's NHL Rangers and NBA Knicks last May 19, accusing him of repeatedly biting a longtime female companion, and forcing her to perform oral sex on him. (A lesser charge of consensual sodomy was dropped by prosecutors this week.) The attack allegedly occurred in a hotel room on February 12. Albert has pleaded innocent to all charges.      Look for Albert's attorneys to press the issue of his accuser's sexual history during trial. All that's known about the woman so far is that she's 42, is facing her own set of criminal charges for allegedly threatening an ex-boyfriend, and, by the sportscaster's admission, is his lover of the last 10 years.      Prior to the allegations, Albert was best known for yelling "Yesssss!" during crucial moments in basketball games, screening funny sports bloopers on David Letterman's late-night talk shows, and modeling an unlikely and/or impressive mass of hair.      Since the allegations, Albert's name and reputation has been dragged through one unseemly story after another. There was the biting allegation, the report that police found his phone number in the calendar of a Manhattan dominatrix, and the lab tests that showed Albert's DNA matched saliva and semen recovered from the 41-year-old alleged victim.      Albert has maintained all along that "all charges against me are false and will be proven false in the court of law," as he told reporters last May.   The sportscaster's network home has also stood behind its employee. NBC, which faced an earlier P.R. dilemma with ex-football analyst O.J. Simpson, allowed Albert to continue calling the NBA playoffs, even as the indictment story broke. The veteran broadcaster last worked a September 14 NFL contest between the Baltimore Ravens and the New York Giants for the network.   
/n