 Charlie Sheen Wants Denise Richards To Keep Twins Permanently, Away From Ex-Wife Brooke.../n
Charlie Sheen will tell the judge handling custody issues involving 4-year-old twin sons Bob and Max with ex-wife Brooke Mueller, that he wants former spouse, Denise Richards — who currently has temporary guardianship of the boys — to stay with the actress permanently, RadarOnline.com is exclusively reporting.
Richards was granted temporary guardianship of the boys, after child protective services went to dependency court, and asked the judge to remove the children from Mueller’s care, because of her ongoing drug use. Mueller is currently enrolled in rehab for the 20th time at the Betty Ford Center.
A crucial court hearing in the matter will take place in the next few weeks. Sheen and Richards will both attend the proceedings.
“It would be in the boys best interest to remain with Denise Richards, permanently, according to Charlie. He will tell the judge he wants the boys to stay in Denise’s home, for good. His reason is a very simple one: Brooke’s drug addiction precludes her from taking care of the boys,” a source told Radar exclusively.
PHOTOS: Celebs Who Have Been In Rehab
“What is going to be different this time when Brooke gets released from rehab? She hasn’t managed to stay sober the nineteen times prior. Charlie doesn’t wish Brooke any ill will, in fact, but this isn’t about her anymore, it’s about what is best for Bob and Max.”
Meanwhile, Richards has told Sheen, “she would absolutely love to keep the boys permanently. She wants what is best for them, and Denise loves taking care of them. Bob and Max love living with their sisters, Sam, and Lola, and with Denise’s adopted daughter, Eloise,” the insider revealed.
“The boys are absolutely thriving in Denise’s house. She is a great mom. It’s a lot of work, being a single mom with five kids under one roof, but her dad helps out.”
As Radar previously reported, Mueller’s only source of income is the $55,000 a month in child support she gets from Sheen.
PHOTOS: Brooke Mueller Buys Mel B’s Tarzana Estate
Sheen offered to pay Richards additional money while taking care of the boys, but she refused.
“Denise isn’t doing this for the money, and if she keeps the boys indefinitely, she won’t take a cent from Charlie. She can afford to take care of Bob and Max herself,” the source said.
[radar_embed service=5min.com src=”http://pshared.5min.com/Scripts/PlayerSeed.js?sid=1126&width=570&height=351&playList=517804600&sequential=1&shuffle=0″] /n