Johnny Depp's Private Emails To Estranged Business Managers Prove A-Lister Was MORE Than Willing To Sell His Shit Amid Financial Crisis!/n

We guess we know where all of Johnny Depp's money went.
As you surely know, the A-lister is currently wrapped up in a complex legal battle with his former business managers, The Mandel Group, as he's accused them of swindling him out of millions. However, the financial managers are clapping back as they've included emails from the Pirates Of The Caribbean star which reveal that the industry vet was willing to sell his belongings in order to straighten out his financial situation.
Video: Everyone's A Suspect In The Murder On The Orient Express Trailer!
On Monday, TMG filed a 109-page document at the Los Angeles Superior Court in an attempt to block Depp's efforts to keep his former agent and lawyer from being subpoenaed in this messy case. The lengthy legal document features several emails from Johnny himself, including one inneresting exchange between the 54-year-old and Joel Mandel from back in 2009.
In the online note to Amber Heard's ex, Joel wrote: 
"Since my email to you in September, I have done what I was told you wanted done, meaning, ‘getting us through' financially until work could start again. Notwithstanding, I need your help in a variety of ways."
After urging Johnny to "take it easy" on the holiday spending, Mr. Mandel asked to set up a meeting so the Depp team could "look realistically at income and expenses and to work together on how to make sure that these are back in balance." This sounds totally reasonable, yes?? Well, it seems Johnny didn't think so.
The Hollywood leading man responded:
"I am doing my very best on holiday spending, but there is only so much i can do, as i need to give my kiddies and families as good a Christmas as possible, obviously within reason."
The father-of-two defended that he had several big blockbusters on deck — including The Tourist (where he brought home $20 million), Pirates Of The Caribbean: On Stranger Tides (where he was given a $35 million check), and Dark Shadows (where, again, he was paid $20 million). He continued:
"I hope that by the amount that will be coming in from work in the coming year and also from back end proceeds, etc., will put everything straight…What else can I do??? You want me to sell some art??? I will. You want me to sell something else???"
It's said the Black Mass actor went on to offer to sell his bikes, cars, property, books, and paintings. Damn.
Now it's no secret that The Mandel Group is trying to prove Johnny's a spendthrift so they don't get slapped with fraud charges, but as of right now, their defense is making Depp look less like a victim. But, still, how could these money managers think it was a good idea to take out nearly $40 million in loans to cover up the superstar's lavish spending??? Hmmm.
[Image via Apega/WENN.]
/n