Inside President Trump's Rocky Relationship With German Chancellor Angela Merkel/n
Not even winter storm Stella can stop President Donald Trump from going face-to-face with his enemy! President Trump is expected to meet with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Friday, March 17 after their meeting was postponed because of the storm.
President Trump has targeted Merkel by threatening to implement import penalties on German carmakers and criticizing her open-arms refugee policy.
“The German people are going to end up overthrowing this woman,” Trump said in March 2016 regarding a New Year’s Eve incident where migrants were accused of sexual assault. “I don’t know what the hell she is thinking.”
PHOTOS: From Elton John To Donald Trump — Celebrities Pay Tribute To Muhammad Ali
In 2015, the president tweeted that Merkel is “ruining Germany.”
Although their January phone conversation was described as “cordial,” she fought back by criticizing President Trump’s entry ban.
But her jabs didn’t end there. When he called mainstream press the “enemy of the American people,” she fired back in a speech during the Munich Security Conference, “I stand by a free and independent press and have great respect for journalists.”
PHOTOS: Kanye West Meets With Donald Trump After Major Meltdown
Despite their differences, Merkel said meeting and having “one-on-one conversations are always much better than talking about each other,” NBC News reported.
Ulf Roeller, a Washington correspondent for German broadcaster ZDF, says her visit proves “how important this trip also is for the White House.”
Trump and Merkel are expected to discuss issues between Russia and the Ukraine, ISIS, international relations and security, the United Nations, climate policies, the European Union as a trade and security partner, and more.
How do you think the meeting will go? Tell us in the comments.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n