 ‘Every Guy’s Worst Fear!’ Channing Tatum Describes SHOCKING Injury To His Private.../n
Channing Tatum described how he suffered scalding burns to his genitals in an interview with Howard Stern Tuesday.
The incident — described by Stern as “every guy’s worst fear” — occurred when the 35-year-old hunk was filming 2011’s The Eagle in the freezing Scottish Highlands, where an on-set assistant running up and down a hill would bring the actors warm water to pour down their pants.
But in this case, the assistant failed to communicate to the Alabama-born actor just how hot the water was — “boiling,” he said — leading to a moment he’d never forget.
Hear the Audio on RadarOnline.com (WARNING: Audio Contains Explicit Content)

“I started hyperventilating and screaming,” Tatum said, adding that he jumped into a nearby river. “It was the worst thing.
“You know when you burn your finger and it just keeps burning? It kept burning for the next like, 20 or 30 minutes, I was having a complete panic attack.”
The actor said that one of the medics who tended to him tried to console him by telling him that the intense pain he was suffering was a “good thing,” because it meant that he hadn’t suffered any numbing nerve damage to the area.
PHOTOS: Channing Tatum Dances On ‘Magic Mike XXL’ Float At L.A. Gay Pride Parade –– 10 Photos Of Sexy A-Lister Promoting Upcoming Film
Adding insult to injury, the model-turned-actor said the song blaring on the radio at the time as he was getting shuttled for help was “[Your] Sex [is] on Fire” by the Kings Of Leon.
“That was the actual song … the driver was like, ‘Maybe we should change this!’”
On a more serious note, Tatum said he “didn’t have skin on [his] penis” in the wake of the accident, adding that the assistant bought him a “super-nice bottle of whiskey” as a make-good.
PHOTOS: Channing Tatum And Joe Manganiello Celebrate The Last Night Of Filming For Magic Mike XXL
The White House Down star said that he was healed in a week — just in time for a visit from his wife Jenna Dewan-Tatum. He said the two were able to have sex with no residual effects from the injury.
“It was a little rough, but we got it done,” he said.
Magic Mike XXL, also starring Matt Bomer, Amber Heard, Joe Manganiello and Jada Pinkett Smith, hits theaters July 1. /n