 Scientology Secrets! Kirstie Alley Scrambling To Seal Deposition In Bombshell New Lawsuit.../n
Kirstie Alley will defend Scientology at any cost! RadarOnline.com has learned that the actress is fighting to keep details about her Scientology beliefs, personal, and financial information from being made public in a new lawsuit.
As Radar reported, Alley has been named, along with her controversial diet company, Organic Liaison, as a defendant in a lawsuit over an alleged Ponzi scheme, spearheaded by prominent Scientologist, Michelle Seward.
READ COURT DOCUMENTS
On December 1, 2014, “after a prolonged period of negotiating dates for Kirstie Alley’s deposition,” the deposition took place, but it was placed under seal, according to court documents.
PHOTOS: From ‘Prison Camp’ To Gay Discrimination: The 10 Most Shocking Claims About Scientology From HBO’s ‘Going Clear’​
Lawyers for plaintiffs Jeffrey and Marguerite Stabile want portions of the deposition unsealed.
However, lawyers for Alley are fighting to keep it under wraps.
“Alley is a world-renowned actress with significant media interest in her activities. Consequently, the deposition transcript created in connection with her deposition has economic value to the media and to tabloid publications and/or is of interest to the media and to tabloid publications such that the parties stipulated to a protective order limiting the use, disclosure and dissemination of her deposition testimony and transcript,” the attorneys said. “There is a great likelihood that disclosure of Alley’s personal and confidential information will be misused by the media to publicly harass, annoy, embarrass, and unduly burden Alley.”
PHOTOS: Kirstie Alley’s 30 Biggest Scandals! ‘Insane’ Drug Abuse, Steamy Affairs, Scientology Secrets & MORE Exposed
“Not only is there significant media and tabloid attention given to celebrities in general but so too is there enormous media and tabloid attention surrounding the Church of Scientology and any celebrity involvement therewith,” the documents state. “In order to avoid any damage to or public or private harassment of Alley through the dissemination, disclosure, or publication of private, confidential and/or proprietary information disclosed during Alley’s deposition, the record must be sealed.”
A hearing has been scheduled for June 15, 2015 to determine if the transcripts were be unsealed.
A rep for Alley didn’t immediately respond to request for comment. /n