Madonna Stops Auction House From Selling Tupac Letter & Her 'DNA'!/n

Everybody wants a piece of Madonna… LITERALLY!
Auction house Gotta Have Rock and Roll was scheduled to sell 22 items from the Material Girl, including a worn pair of underwear, a hairbrush containing hair, a breakup letter from Tupac Shakur, and a letter to ex-boyfriend John Enos where she calls Whitney Houston and Sharon Stone "horribly mediocre."
On Tuesday, Manhattan Judge Gerald Leibovitz granted the pop legend's emergency order to prevent the website from hawking the memorabilia.
Related: Patti LuPone Calls Madonna A 'Movie Killer'
According to legal docs, the 58-year-old is particularly upset that someone could literally buy a piece of her "DNA," saying: 

"I understand that my DNA could be extracted from a piece of my hair. It is outrageous and grossly offensive that my DNA could be auctioned for sale to the general public."
The items were reportedly provided by "former friend" and art consultant Darlene Lutz who "would have had access to these items on numerous occasions" as a "frequent overnight guest," including times where Madonna was "not in residence."
Although the mother-of-six is a public figure, she is still entitled to her "privacy" and should not be subjected to this kind of intrusion.

"The fact that I have attained celebrity status as a result of success in my career does not obviate my right to maintain my privacy, including with regard to highly personal items."
Late Tuesday, Gotta Have Rock and Roll representative Pete Siegel released the following statement:

"Madonna and her legal army have taken what we believe to be a completely baseless and meritless action to temporarily halt the sale of Ms. Lutz's legal property. We believe that her intent is nothing more than to besmirch the good reputations of the auction house and Ms. Lutz. Madonna's allegations will be vigorously challenged and refuted in a court of law in due course."
Moral of the story: Don't mess with Madge!
[Image via Dan Jackman/WENN.]
/n