Shocker! JFK's 'Secret Son' Betrays Family, Endorses GOP Candidate Donald Trump!/n
It’s a shocking political twist from one of the most famous American dynasties: The alleged secret son of John F. Kennedy is officially a Donald Trump supporter!
Jack Rodney Worthington II endorsed the presumptive GOP nominee in an exclusive interview with RadarOnline.
“Donald Trump is the only candidate with the professional experience and personal demeanor to lead the nation at this critical juncture in history,” Worthington told Radar.
PHOTOS: Putting Her Best Face Forward! Hillary Clinton Had Plastic Surgery Makeover For White House Run, Top Surgeons Reveal
Worthington, 54, currently works as an investment banker in Manhattan and cited his professional experience in finance as reason for his support of the candidate.
“In my business, what I’ve done for 30 years is deal with distressed companies in need of a turnaround,” he said.
He then went on to explain that he is “called upon to choose people who will best lead the turnaround” and Trump was the perfect representation of that.
PHOTOS: It’s A Presidential Baby! Chelsea Clinton Introduces Daughter Charlotte To The World – See Their Bundle Of Joy
“I can tell you Donald Trump fits this mold, and would be perfect to ‘Make America Great Again!,'” he said, echoing Trump’s now-ubiquitous slogan.
Educated in the Ivy League and a member of a prominent Texas family, Worthington was unaware of his famous father until 2006, he says, when the man he grew up believing was his biological father, Jack Worthington Sr., was diagnosed with a genetic disorder. His mother, Evelyn, told him his true father was actually the 35th President of the United States, he’s claimed.
Worthington says he was told that his former beauty queen mother was introduced to Kennedy in 1961, not long after his inauguration. Lyndon Johnson, the Vice President at the time, was said to be the one who introduced them.
PHOTOS: Chelsea Clinton Shows Off Beautiful Baby Charlotte On NYC Stroll As Grandma Hillary Announces Candidacy For Prez!
Although an 18-month investigation of Worthington’s paternity was conducted, the results proved inconclusive.
An expert panel was then asked to compare Worthington’s facial features to JFK’s. What the experts found was that six facial points were “amazingly similar.” One of these similarities included their attached earlobes.
“Both men have [them],” Dr. Anthony Youn, one of America’s top plastic surgeons, told Radar.
PHOTOS: Remembering the Kennedys
Though JFK was a Democrat who is widely considered one of the most significant U.S. presidents of the 20th century, Worthington said he is 1-00% behind Trump.
He said the next president must have “an entrepreneurial spirit and think-out-of-the-box mentality.” “And I can tell you,” Worthington continued. “Donald Trump fits this mold.” /n