These Photos of Zac Efron and Dwayne Johnson Riding a Scooter Will Give You Life/n





                    Zac Efron Is Shirtless on 'Baywatch' Set
                







More like bae-watch!

 MORE >>










                    Here's What Zac Efron Eats to Get Ripped
                







Put down that six-pack to get six-pack abs.

 MORE >>





Now that’s true bromance.

Zac Efron and Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson got very cozy on the set of Baywatch on Tuesday (Mar. 22, 2016) when the actors had to share a small pink scooter during a chase scene in Miami. With Efron, 28, taking control of their rose-colored ride, Johnson, 43, was seen wearing a matching pink helmet as he wrapped his buff arms around his co-star as they zoomed around town.
The two were all smiles even when the cameras weren’t rolling, sharing a laugh as they sat on their tiny ride together.


Zac Efron and Dwayne Johnson Ride a Scooter 








































6 Photos »


Previously, Efron and Johnson indulged in some friendly competition as they raced to see who could flip a monster truck-sized tire across their set the fastest. Though Johnson came out the victor, Efron didn’t let the action star off so easily.
Since then, they have taken to their Instagram accounts for some friendly banter, sharing some set photos along the way.
Oh, boys will be boys!



Special delivery for The Rock #Baywatch
A photo posted by Zac Efron (@zacefron) on Mar 15, 2016 at 8:48am PDT






To become a #BAYWATCH Lifeguard we created an unforgiving obstacle course that was inspired by American Ninja Warrior meets World’s Strongest Man. Idea that you will be physically and mentally tested to the limits, all while staying focused and being as calm as possible in extremely stressful situations so you’re always able to accomplish the most important thing – hit the water and make the save. All that said, it still begs one important question… Whyyyyyy in the blue hell am I carrying two massive sub zeros on my back. #WelcomeToOurFamily #WhereBadAssMeetsDysfunction #BAYWATCH MAY 2017.
A photo posted by therock (@therock) on Mar 12, 2016 at 8:06pm PST



/n