Secret Feud! Nicole Brown Was Furious With 'Best Friend' Kris Jenner Before Murder/n
Kris Jenner claims Nicole Brown Simpson was one of her best friends. But before the blond beauty was brutally murdered, they were not on speaking terms!
In RadarOnline.com’s copy of Faye Resnick‘s 1994 tell-all, Nicole Brown Simpson: The Private Diary of a Life Interrupted, the current Real Housewives of Beverly Hills guest star, 58, recalled the day she first met the ill-fated Brown, who died just a few years later in a tragic slaying.
PHOTOS: TV Show Of The Century? It’s Selma Blair As Kris Jenner, David Schwimmer As Robert Kardashian & More On Set For ‘American Crime Story: The People V. OJ Simpson’
In the spring of 1990, Jenner, 60, was staying with Resnick after her divorce from the late Robert Kardashian Sr. Brown was furious with longtime friend Jenner, Resnick claimed, because she had cheated on Kardashian during their marriage. (Jenner later publicly copped to an affair with a younger man.)
During a phone conversation, Brown’s then-husband O.J. Simpson and Jenner “were talking about how Nicole did not want to talk to Kris,” Resnick wrote. “After Kris hung up, she explained to me that Nicole was a free spirit in many ways, but she did not condone people having extramarital affairs.”
PHOTOS: Cuba Gooding Channels O.J. Simpson On ‘American Crime Story’ Set In L.A. –– 10 New Shocking Shots From Filming
“Nicole was adamantly against infidelity because O.J. had bedded women every chance he got.”
Jenner was “disturbed” that Brown was “upset,” so she and Resnick drove over to the Simpson mansion to talk it out.
PHOTOS: Doling Out The Dough: Kris Jenner Divides $100 Million Contract Between Kids — & The ‘Momager’ Plays Favorites!
As Radar previously reported, Jenner later confided in Resnick that Brown was experiencing “domestic problems” with Simpson. (Years later, Jenner vehemently denied knowing anything about Simpson’s documented abuse against Brown before her murder.)
Of course, Simpson was later accused of killing Brown and her friend, Ron Goldman, in a June 1994 double murder. He was famously acquitted of the crime, though he was later found responsible for the deaths in a civil suit. /n