LeAnn Rimes Pens Touching Tribute to Eddie Cibrian and Stepsons on Sixth Wedding Anniversary They may not be newlyweds any more but LeAnn Rimes and Eddie Cibrian certainly seem crazy in love! Celebrating the couple's six-year anniversar.../n
They may not be newlyweds any more but LeAnn Rimes and Eddie Cibrian certainly seem crazy in love!Celebrating the couple's six-year anniversary, the country songstress took to Instagram earlier today to share the love with her main man and remember their beachy wedding day back in 2011.Along with several snaps from their glitzy nuptials, Rimes wrote a touching post to her spouse and his two sons, Jake and Mason."6 for 6! My heart overflows with Love for these humans. This was one of the most joyous days I've ever experienced," wrote Rimes.



Felipe Ramales / Splash News

The 34-year-old singer also made sure to give some love to her step sons from Cibrian's previous marriage to Brandi Glanville."The trio that is my life...I am grateful! I will forever be in awe of the wonder of of God's plan. It has challenged me beyond belief and fulfilled my soul more than I could have ever conceived. Every year, I'm even more at a loss for words to describe my love for you three magnificent souls. The deeper my love; the more speechless," wrote Rimes.The stepmom continued to gush in the proud post: "Happy 6-year anniversary! I didn't just become Mrs. Eddie Cibrian, I became a co-soul protector and lover of two little boy's hearts. These six years and whatever lies beyond are God's greatest gift. #6yearsin #candyversary #6yearanniversary #happyanniversary #anniversarygift #stepmomlove #familylove #hubbylove #eddieandle #LovE #trust.

For those of you who don't recall, the headline-making wedding happened after a flurry of scandal. The two infamously hooked up in 2009 while on the set of their Lifetime movie, Northern Lights, only problem was—both of them were married to other people at the time!The duo grabbed the attention of the world when they got caught canoodling in public on surveillance video, making the truth hard to refute.Cibrian eventually left his wife, who went on to cause some serious drama on The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills and with her ex. Meanwhile, Rimes left then-husband Dean Sheremet.Despite their scandalous start, Rimes and Cibrian have been at each other's sides constantly—and we have copious loved-up Instagrams to prove it.
/n