O.J. Simpson To Star In New Movie About His Armed Robbery Crime?/n
Will O.J. Simpson be right back in show business when he’s paroled from prison?
That’s what people are wondering with the news that the controversial former gridiron great, who was convicted of armed robbery and kidnapping, is wanted for an upcoming movie (for either the big screen or TV) about his crimes, according to the Sunday People.
On Thursday, July 20, Simpson, 70 and looking fit, was granted parole in a Nevada hearing and he’ll be leaving prison in October.
Now memorabilia dealer turned author Tom Riccio wants Simpson to star in a TV movie version of his book Busted, about O.J’s 20028 Las Vegas robbery and conviction involving his sports memorabilia.
PHOTOS: Twisted Love: O.J. Simpson’s Ex Is A Homeless Meth-Head Hooker!
Simpson was an actor after his football days, most notably appearing in the funny Naked Gun films.
Sunday People reported that Riccio, who was one of the memorabilia dealers involved in Simpson’s case, said, “I have no issues with O.J and if he wants to take the lead role, then that would be fine.
“He was a decent actor during his Hollywood career, and would be the most convincing person to play the role.”
PHOTOS: Famous Or Infamous? 15 Celebrities Accused Of Murder
Riccio continued, “Let’s face it, he has the greatest insight into that character – given that it was him – and could bring different dramatic real life takes to the project.
“People believe that I and he are enemies after I was a witness at the trial. But in my opinion I never disagreed with anything he said in his defense at the trial.
“He has always said that I was not responsible for planning the robbery, and it was all him.
PHOTOS: TV Show Of The Century? It’s Selma Blair As Kris Jenner, David Schwimmer As Robert Kardashian & More On Set For ‘American Crime Story: The People V. OJ Simpson’
Incredbily, Riccio said during Simpson’s trial, he “even signed a copy of my book.
“And from what I am told from people who know him, he has has never spoken a badly about me,” he said.
Riccio reportedly believes that Simpson could return to the limelight even though he told the state officials he was “not interested in showbiz.”
The memorabilia collector book is being adapted into a screenplay, suitable for a TV movie or big screen drama.
Riccio added that if Simpson “wants to come back to acting, I feel that this would be a great vehicle for him. And I cannot imagine how fascinating it would be for people to see him back on the screen.”
But what will the Goldman family say?
Simpson was acquitted in 1995 of the brutal stabbing murders of his ex-wife Nicole Brown and her friend Ron Goldman — but the Goldman family won a civil verdict against Simpson.
The Goldmans expressed disappointment about Simpson being given parole.
As Radar has previously reported, there are rumors that Simpson could do a reality show once he’s released.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n