Rumpled Sheets & Hot Oils: Inside Kim & Ray J’s Secret Love Den/n
A bubbling Jacuzzi, dim lighting, the waves crashing in the distance – the stage was set for romance when Ray J whisked then-girlfriend Kim Kardashian off to Cabo San Lucas for her 23rd birthday in 2003. Little did either of them know that the footage they would tape of their most intimate moments on the trip would rocket them both to infamy!
This newly uncovered footage from that fateful trip, exclusively obtained by RadarOnline.com, offers a never-before-seen look at the humble hotel room where they both made pop culture history.
Crowning himself as “the narrator,” Ray J offers a tour of their private love den during one daytime clip from the footage.
Admitting, “a hangover” had him “tripping,” Ray still can’t help but brag about their accommodations.
“We got the Jacuzzi,” he boasts, swinging the camcorder to a private hot tub bubbling in front of an ocean vista.
PHOTOS: Childhood Pal: Kim Kardashian Obsessed With Weight, Wanted Nose Job In Early Teens, As Radar Looks At Star’s Progress In 14 Click
“We got the private suite,” he explains.
“We got the breakfast we at already,” Ray J continues, panning the camera over to a lavish room service spread, with rumpled sheets in the background.
Moving into the spacious bathroom, he makes a point of showing off “the double shower effect.”
In the background, Kardashian can be heard gathering her things for a day of jetskiing and beach time.
“How do you feel Kimberly?” Ray J asks the birthday girl, clad in orange shorts, a white tank top, bikini, and massive shades.
“I feel grrrreat!” she laughs.
PHOTOS: Kim Kardashian Vows To Post ‘Naked Selfies Until I Die’
“You look grrrreat,” her boyfriend and camera-man responds.
It’s a lighter, unseen moment from the trip that would go down in history. Just a few years later, the sex tape in that very same room – featuring rauncy sex acts and a hot oil massage – would leak in 2007.
Kardashian always denied having anything to do with the release of the footage.
Watch the clip and let us know what you think in the comments: Do you think Kim knew she was going to film a career-making sex tape during that trip?
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n