Vanity Fair Mexico Should Be Ashamed Of Themselves!/n

We feel like Alanis Morissette's Ironic should be playing right now…
Tension is certainly growing between the U.S. and Mexico, so we were naturally shocked when Melania Trump popped up on the cover of the February issue of Vanity Fair Mexico. Tsk, tsk!
Related: Trump's Press Secretary Tweeted Out His Twitter Password!
The crazy thing is this photo and interview with FLOTUS are both from GQ's sit down with Donald Trump's wife from last spring. Clearly, the publication is just trying to sell magazines. Honestly, VF Mexico should be ashamed of themselves! We mean, how can you repurpose this Melania content after EVERYTHING Donald's said and done about our brother nation to the south?
Almost as if it was planned, this cover was dropped on Thursday, which was the exact same day the Trumpster and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto announced they had canceled their scheduled meeting together. And while the Pres. has yet to address Melania's latest magazine appearance, he did throw shade Mexico's way on Twitter (below). 
Mexico has taken advantage of the U.S. for long enough. Massive trade deficits & little help on the very weak border must change, NOW!
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 27, 2017
Dramaaaa! Obviously, the image of Mrs. Trump eating diamonds on the cover of a Mexican publication is upsetting several people as many of them have voiced their complaints on social media (below).

Nothing says 'FOR THE ORDINARY FOLKS,' quite like eating a bowl of jewellery #MELANIATRUMP @VanityFair pic.twitter.com/JEuOPdeJqH
— Ian Murphy (@iMurphed) January 27, 2017

Melania #Trump on cover Vanity Fair Mexico with a bowl full of jewelry
Really?
Could this administration be any more out of touch https://t.co/zzTQZ22GQ6
— sherry (@shertno) January 27, 2017


melania trump desayunando un plato de diamantes en la portada de vanity fair MÉXICO 👎🏼 parece broma
— daniela (@daniizr) January 27, 2017


wrong on so many levels! why is #MelaniaTrump eating jewelry out of a bowl – on the cover of Vanity Fair Mexico? #VanityFail pic.twitter.com/9gvETcNNxS
— Bernhard Steiner (@bernhardsteiner) January 27, 2017


melania trump en la portada de vanity fair méxico es la nueva definición de ironía en la rae
— antonella (@AntoMaderna) January 27, 2017
What do YOU think? Is it wrong that Melania is on the cover?
SOUND OFF in the comments (below)!
[Image via Vanity Fair.]
/n