An 'Embarrassed' Rob Kardashian Apologizes To His Fam Following Revenge Porn Outburst/n

Rob Kardashian knows he messed up.
On Wednesday, it was reported that the KUWTK star started making the apology rounds following his revenge porn outburst on social media. However, it seems the sock mogul's apologies have been directed at his famous family as he now realizes the scandal his tirade online caused.
Related: TLC Star Toby Willis Sentenced To 40 Years In Prison
According to TMZ, the 30-year-old has spoken to his mom, as well as all of his sisters, in order to voice his regrets over slut shaming and bullying his baby momma last week. In fact, the reality TV vet notes he should've handled the drama privately and has no real excuse for his behavior. Oh, and Kardashian vowed he'll NEVER lash out like this again.
We're sure this "mea culpa" made the KarJenners pretty happy, especially since it's said Rob acknowledged that they were right about Blac Chyna all along. Nonetheless, Rob is supposedly mortified by his actions and just wants to move forward with his life as a dad.
One insider dished to Us Weekly: 
"Rob is really trying to get back on track and focus on being a dad again. He's embarrassed that he has caused this… Rob posted those photos because he felt duped. He was angry and lashing out."
Still Kim Kardashian West's brother is flatly denying Chyna's claims that he was physically abusive towards her. Perhaps this is why the women were so quick to accept Rob's apology?? That, and, Kris Jenner is too busy living her best life in St. Tropez to let her son's scandal get to her. LOLz.
On how the momager is staying calm through this mess, a Kardashian Konfidant explained:
"If this happened a year ago she'd freak out. She's trying to remain calm. She just wants to make sure Dream is OK. Now that Dream is in the picture, her primary concern is Dream and Dream's well-being."
Fair enough. Reportedly, the Kardashian-Jenner clan has stayed tight-lipped on the controversy as they don't want to make the situation worse for baby Dream. Huh.
We guess this dramatic scene is simply Robert Shapiro's mess to clean up!
[Image via WENN.]
/n