Theodore 'Beaver' Cleaver : 'Memba Him?!/nJerry Mathers is best know for playing The Beaver in the '50s family sitcom  "Leave It to Beaver. " Guess what he looks like now!   Paula Abdul I'm Selling My CURSED  L.A. Mansion LISTED -- Beautiful 5 bedroom, 4.5 bath L.A. mansion ... 4,679 square feet ... gorgeous views ... memories of a $900,000 lawsuit .. and an obsessed Paula Abdul fan killed herself just down the street. LOCATION! LOCATION! LOCATION!Yes, Paula Abdul is finally trying to sell her Sherman Oaks pad ... listing the home for $1.9 million. The former  "X Factor " judge dealt with some serious issues during her stay over the past few years -- she recently settled a lawsuit with a woman who claims she injured herself on Paula's driveway and back in 2008, a fan with a Paula infatuation OD'd on pills and died just down the street. But, if you can look past all of that ... the home is really beautiful ... with amazing canyon views, a grand double staircase, a couple of fireplaces, French doors, granite in the kitchen and a pretty impressive media room.   Oscars Nominees See Their Yearbook Photos! Before Meryl Streep, George Clooney and Viola Davis were making headlines as Oscar nominated actors and actresses, they were just regular high school students with some pretty great yearbook photos!We got our hands on some embarrassing photos of many of this year's Academy Award nominees, including the three above, a youthful Glenn Close, Brad Pitt, a normal-looking Rooney Mara, football stud Nick Nolte and a bigger Jonah Hill -- who's dressed as The Hamburglar.   Gisele Bundchen Tom Brady Still Loves Me ... in a Bikini Gisele Bundchen knows ... the best way to get your husband to forgive you for publicly trashing his butterfingery teammates ... is by prancing around in a tiny bikini. Gisele and Super Bowl XLVI loser Tom Brady were spotted in a beachfront lip-lock / ass-grab in Central America this weekend ... during a family vacation with their son Benjamin. As TMZ previously reported, several of Tom's New England Patriots teammates were  "disappointed " when Gisele vented after the Super Bowl ... saying,  "My husband cannot f***ing throw the ball and catch the ball at the same time. "As you can see from the pics, Tom clearly has the best hands on the team.   Own David Hyde Pierce's $7.5 Million Mansion! Want to own a home that even the persnickety Dr. Niles Crane would approve of? David Hyde Pierce's stunning abode could be yours ... for a mere $7.5 million.The former  "Frasier " star has placed his gorgeous 8,100-square-foot, 7 bedroom, 8.5 bathroom pad on the market. Built in 1929 and renovated in 2004, the Spanish Colonial Revival home contains a spacious entrance with a massive staircase, stained glass rotunda ceiling and chandelier. Located just minutes from Griffith Park in the Los Feliz neighborhood of Los Angeles, the place boasts all the amenities you could want -- a library, gym, wine vault, home theater, music room, sauna and more. There are sweeping views of the city and ocean, a heated pool, separate guest house and 5 fireplaces. That's right, five.   Inanimate Objects & The Stars Who Look Like Them Check out which stars share a striking resemblance to some everyday stuff. They are the objects of our affection.   Smoochin' Stars GUESS WHO! Love is in the air... and these celebs aren't afraid to show a little PDA. Can you guess which stars are behind these puckered pics?XOXO   Raquel Welch & More Age-Defying Beauties Hit Hollywood Raquel Welch was every man's fantasy when she starred in  "One Million Years B.C. " way back in 1966 -- and 46 years later, she still looks H-O-T.Welch, who was 26 when she donned that now-famous fur bikini, was spotted last night at the Vanity Fair Montblanc party at the Hotel Bel-Air Los Angeles.She wasn't the only ageless wonder at the party either -- Cheryl Tiegs, 64, and Jackie Collins, 74, both looked fab as well!Check them out -- plus many more -- in our Age-Defying Beauties gallery above!/n