Inside Kendall Jenner’s Star-Studded 21st Birthday/n





                    Kendall Jenner: 21 and Radiant
                







Kendall Jenner turns 21 today

 MORE >>





Kendall Jenner celebrated her 21st birthday Wednesday night (Nov. 2, 2016), and the stars all came out to help, according to Entertainment Tonight.

Most people going out for their 21st birthday might agonize over which outfit to wear. Jenner sidestepped the dilemma by wearing two outfits over the course of the night. She began the evening in a skin-tight lace-up bodysuit for her dinner at Catch and later changed into a short silver mini dress when it came time to hit up West Hollywood night club, Delilah.
Jenner was joined by her parents, Kris Jenner and Caitlyn Jenner, and her sisters, Kylie Jenner, Khloe Kardashian and Kourtney Kardashian. Entertainment Tonight reports that Kim Kardashian West and Kanye West were also there, though there are no photos of the at this time.
Hailey Baldwin shared a photo from the night on her Instagram, wishing Jenner a happy 21st birthday, saying “I love you lots.”



Happy 21st birthday to my babe. I love you lots, happy to be here with you tonight ❤️❤️ @kendalljenner
A photo posted by Hailey Baldwin (@haileybaldwin) on Nov 3, 2016 at 12:50am PDT



 
Kylie also shared a few videos from the night on Snapchat.



A video posted by Kylie Jenner Snapchats (@kylizzlesnapchats) on Nov 3, 2016 at 12:04am PDT



The night ended with one big surprise. Jenner was escorted outside to find a brand new car, topped with a peach bow, waiting for her outside.


Stars Come Out for Kendall Jenner's 21st Birthday








































13 Photos »


Leading up to the evening’s festivities, Jenner spoke with W’s Lynn Hirschberg for The Scene about her favorite past birthday celebration. Jenner recalled the time she rented out all of Six Flags Magic Mountain for her 18th birthday. Check it out below.

Click through the gallery above for more photos from Kendall Jenner’s star-studded birthday.
/n