Shia LaBeouf Apologizes For Drunken Outburst: ‘It Is A New Low’ For Me/n
Faded star Shia LaBeouf has issued an apology for his explicit outburst following last weekend’s arrest, RadarOnline.com has learned.
“I am deeply ashamed of my behavior and make no excuses for it,” he shared in a statement via Twitter.

pic.twitter.com/OoUpBpr9vg
— Shia LaBeouf (@thecampaignbook) July 12, 2017

On account of his alleged public drunkenness, disorderly conduct and obstruction, the wild actor was arrested in Georgia on Saturday morning.
“I don’t know if these statements are too frequent, or not shared often enough, but I am certain that my actions warrant a very sincere apology to the arresting officers, and I am grateful for their restraint,” he said this past Wednesday.
PHOTOS: Shia LaBeouf Puts His Penis On FULL Display — Troubled Star CAUGHT Peeing In Public!
Video footage and shocking images of the incident have been exposed, all which show a crazed LaBeouf screaming at police officers and insulting them with a throng of racist slants.
“The severity of my behavior is not lost on me,” admitted the31-year-old actor.
Following his public scandal, LaBeouf has agreed to get help for his substance-abuse issues.
“I have been struggling with addiction publicly for far too long, and I am actively taking steps toward securing my sobriety and hope I can be forgiven for my mistakes.”
According to authorities, the young star approached a police officer asking for a cigarette, while reportedly inebriated. The office refused, saying LaBeouf was “using profanities and vulgar language” and the actor got aggressive.
VIDEO: Off The Wagon & Out Of Control! Shia LaBeouf Caught On Camera During Wild Night Out
When the officer attempted to arrest him, the actor ran to a nearby hotel, where he was then caught.
“I came up to you trying to be nice you stupid b***h,” LaBeouf said to an African American cop after being detained. “Why would I ask you for a cigarette if I was racist?”
“Who are you fighting for?” he asked the officer during the arrest. “You got a president who don’t give a f–k about you, and you’re stuck in a police force who doesn’t give a f–k about you. So you want to arrest white people who give a f–k? Who ask for cigarettes?” LaBeouf is heard saying in the video.
“I got more millionaire lawyers than you know what to do with you stupid b***h,” the actor said after he was forced into the police car.
PHOTOS: Troubled Shia LaBeouf Back To Work After Drunken Arrest
He then admitted in his statement via Twitter: “My outright disrespect for authority is problematic to say the least, and completely destructive to say the worst. It is a new low. A low I hope is a bottom.”
As Radar previously reported, LaBeouf was released hours after his hotel lobby arrest, following a $7,000 bail.
As Radar can report, LaBeouf is now back on set to continue filming The Peanut Butter Falcon, his upcoming movie.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n