Everything You Need to Know About: ‘La La Land’ /n





                    Emma Stone Says Reliving Bad Auditions for ‘La La Land’ Was a ‘Cathartic’ Experience 
                







Perhaps it’s the cynicism that’s crept into everyone’s moods...

 MORE >>





Dying for a new love story? Boy, have we got the movie for you! This weekend Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone’s new dizzying film La La Land is coming to theaters offering a big-hearted musical about finding love and making it in Hollywood. Interested? Read on!

Who’s in it?
Besides the Gosling and Stone, the film stars John Legend, J.K. Simmons, Rosemarie DeWitt and Finn Wittrock.

What’s it about?
Mia (Stone) and Sebastian (Gosling) find each other and fall in love while struggling to achieve their dreams in the City of Angels. She wants to act and he wants to own his own jazz club. But as success appears within their grasp, their picture-perfect romance is put to the test.

Why should I care?
Let’s pretend for a second that you don’t love these two A-list actors. This film has music, dancing and an aspirational story that anyone can relate with: Not giving up on your dreams.





Here’s what critics are saying:
“[Damien] Chazelle has assembled a vibrant, infectiously hummable pastiche of musical and cinematic styles – an entrancing ode to the glories of cinema past as well as a heartfelt expression of faith in the medium’s future.”
-Justin Chang [Los Angeles Times]

“I’m hoping that La La Land will be a hit for the ages, for all ages. It’s a film that re-enacts, with rare originality, a classic role for the movie medium — escapist entertainment in troubled times.”
-Joe Morgenstern [Wall Street Journal]

“La La does nothing less than jolt the movie musical to life for the 21st century. You leave exhilarated by Damien Chazelle’s nonstop inventiveness, dazzled by Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling, and thrilled how they made movies magic again.”
-Peter Travers [Rolling Stone]

“It’s a movie with the potential to make lovers of us all. All we have to do is fall into its arms.”
-Stephanie Zacharek [Time Magazine]


	Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling Attend 'La La Land' Premiere








































12 Photos »


/n