5 Days, 5 Way: Lucy Hale Takes Thigh-High Boots to New Heights/n
Flocking through the fashion capitals of the world, stars are gaining major style points this week. Fashion month may be coming to a close, but A-listers are continuously taking statement pieces to the next level, so don't be surprised if these trends are here to stay in 2017.Ending London Fashion Week with a sparkle, Katy Perry looked incredibly sophisticated dressed in Christopher Kane. The Lurex attire (everyone's favorite metallic fabric) was elegantly put together with a shimmery off-the-shoulder gold, grey and bronze top flowing down into a long lamé pleated skirt. If you're looking to create a bold impression without being too distracting, try a look like this on for size.

Topshop Petite Metallic Pleat Skirt, $65

Back in LA, Lucy Hale was proving one can never go wrong dressed in all black. To finish off a perfectly-balanced and layered ensemble, the singer was spotted in some leather thigh-high boots. Although they probably seem intimidating, the shoe style is incredibly flattering and might just be the perfect tool to add some length to your everyday look.

MIA Emelia Thigh High Boot, $99

On and off the runway, Sara Sampaio knows how to work her badass ways. Walking through the streets of Milan, the supermodel reinvents military style clothing in a Versus Versace cropped khaki jacket complete with a shearling collar. Not only are shorter jackets figure-flattering, they're also the perfect layer to add during those transitioning months, you know, when going from winter to spring. 

Padded Bomber Jacket, $30

Romee Strijid is slaying the street style game in this monochrome suit. The real show-stopper though? Her rainbow mini bag. If you're going with a one-colored look, try playing with a vibrant statement accessory to liven up your appearance. It's a surefire way to look like a street style star, without even trying.

Rebecca Minkoff Mini Sofia Pom-Pom Mirror Metallic Crossbody Bag, Was $195, Now $137

Kendall Jenner is rocking the latest cateye sunglass trend. These retro-glam shades look good on all face shapes and are ideal for accentuating your features. Not to mention, they add instant edge to any outfit.

Black Retro Cat Eye Sunglasses, $18

Have a favorite? Let us know in the comments below!
/n