 Kristen Stewart Fuming At Robert Pattinson For Not Being Attentive Enough & Neglecting.../n
Kristen Stewart is fuming with Robert Pattinson for not giving her enough attention while he’s Down Under filming, a source tells RadarOnline.com exclusively.
The On the Road actress has been missing Robert, 26, since he flew to Australia to shoot futuristic western The Rover, and because of the time difference the pair has hardly spoken to each other.
PHOTOS: Kristen Stewart & Rob Pattinson Go Bowling
Kristen, 22, feels Robert’s neglecting her, according to the source, and has told him she wants him to check-in more often!
“With Robert out the country, a thousand miles away working in Australia, Kristen has been missing him badly,” the source reveals.
PHOTOS: See Who Made The Cut In Best Mainstream Movie Love Scene Awards
“The time difference is 18-and-a-half hours between Los Angeles and Adelaide, where Robert is, so it’s proving a difficulty for them to speak to each other regularly and easily.
“Robert is often starting his working day when Kristen is busy, and vice versa. And he’s not the best at sending texts, or keeping in touch in the first place.
PHOTOS: Kristen Stewart’s On The Road Fashion Disaster
“Kristen is angry with him because she thinks he’s not giving her enough attention – it’s absolutely killing her.
“So, she’s told him off and said she wants more messages, updates…. Anything…. so she doesn’t feel forgotten about!”
PHOTOS: Kristen Stewart Bares Her Body In Super Scandalous, Sheer Gown
As RadarOnline.com previously reported, Kristen has also been getting frustrated with Robert for his reluctance to fully forgive her and re-commit to their relationship following her cheating scandal.
Robert has been playing hard to get since rekindling their romance, and the actress is starting to get annoyed because she feels that she’s been putting in all the effort to make it work out between them.
PHOTOS: Celebrities Suffering Really Bad Hair Days
“Rob and Kristen are at a crossroads right now as to whether he finally accepts they are back together or not,” a source previously told Radar. /n