Movie Casting Update: Charlize Theron Hits the Gas with ‘Fast 8’ and Daniel Radcliffe Is Going into the ‘Jungle’/n





                    WATCH: Kristen Stewart and Nicholas Hoult Fall in (Forbidden) Love in 'Equals'
                







Kristen Stewart's new movie Equals looks like it's going to be beautifully sad.

 MORE >>





Get caught up on all the film roles your fave celebs will be taking on next including Daniel Radcliffe, Idris Elba and Charlize Theron.

It appears Johnny Depp is joining Universal’s monster universe; the 52-year-old will star in The Invisible Man. The first reboot for this shared universe is The Mummy starring Tom Cruise, so if it’s not clear, Universal is swinging for the fences with their hall of horrors. [Variety]
Kristen Stewart is in talks to join the cast of JT Leroy, a biopic about an acclaimed writer in the ‘90s who turned out to be a hoax. James Franco is already attached and Helena Bonham Carter is also in negotiations. KStew embroiled in literary intrigue sounds promising. [The Hollywood Reporter]


James Franco Gets in Character on Set








































14 Photos »


Daniel Radcliffe has signed on to star in Jungle, a survival story set in the Amazon. Based on Israeli adventurer Yossi Ghinsberg’s account, Radcliffe’s character heads to a remote region of the jungle in search of gold, but spends three weeks alone before he is rescued. [Entertainment Weekly]
The British actor Idris Elba is in talk to join The Mountains Between Us for Fox. The film centers on an engaged couple who’s plane crashes in the mountains, and although injured, Elba’s character must attempt to get his fiancée out of the mountains. Is that a survival theme I’m smelling? [The Wrap]
The creators of the next Fast and Furious installment are writing a sole female villain and they have their eye on Charlize Theron to play her. Fast 8 already boasts an impressive ensemble cast including Vin Diesel, Dwayne Johnson, Tyrese Gibson and Jason Statham. The studio has made an offer, here’s hoping she didn’t leave all her aggression on the Fury Road. [Deadline]


10 Reason Idris Elba Is Simply the Best








































10 Photos »


/n