PHOTOS: The Best, Worst & Wackiest Fashions Of The Weekend/n
From a sexy reality show star’s Sin City 30th birthday bash to the red carpet of Los Angeles Fashion Week, celebs were dressed to rock and shock over the weekend and RadarOnline.com has all the photos!
PHOTOS: The Best, Worst & Wackiest Fashions Of The Weekend
Kim Kardashian jetted over to Las Vegas, where she celebrated the big three-oh nearly a week before the big day.  The brunette bombshell dominated the swanky bash at TAO nightclub, wearing a sexy silver John Richmond mini sliver of a mini dress with Christian Louboutin spiked heels.  Happy early birthday, Kim!
PHOTOS: The Best, Worst & Wackiest Fashions Of The Week
Did Bridget Marquardt confuse the White Trash Beautiful fashion show with a Halloween costume party?  The former Girl Next Door hit Richie Sambora’s runway show, dressed up in a black leather, crystal embellished, sequin-skirted and pink-tulled mess of a dress.  Can you say, fashion disaster?
PHOTOS: Celebs With Their Own Sex Tapes
Eva Mendes glammed up the 2010 Environmental Media Awards, wearing a gorgeous brocade Lela Rose Spring 2011 frock with Casadei heels, while 30 Rock babe Katrina Bowden showed off her superior stems in a metallic foiled alice + olivia by Stacey Bendet number.
PHOTOS: The Best And Worst Of Scream Awards Style
Anna Kendrick didn’t have us Up in the Air with her dress choice at the launch of Fallout New Vegas.  The Academy Award nominated star wore an awkward Paule Ka number open-toed booties, resulting in a lackluster look.
PHOTOS: Anna Kendrick’s Evolving Style
She should take some hints from Best Dressed babes Kate Bosworth and Sienna Miller, both of who hit the Esquire House LA Grand Opening Benefit for the International Medical Corps in super chic designer duds.
Who else rocked and shocked on the fashion front over the weekend?  Find out in RadarOnline.com’s weekend roundup!
RELATED STORIES:
Kim Kardashian’s 30th Birthday Bash In Las Vegas
EXCLUSIVE: Reggie Bush Not Invited To Kim’s 30th Birthday
EXCLUSIVE VIDEO: Paris Hilton Tells Radar- ‘I’ve Quit My Party Life’
Stars Come Out For The 2010 Scream /n