 Pregnant Tila Tequila SPLITS From Baby Daddy Already: 'She Dropped Me Because I'm.../n
Tila Tequila‘s baby daddy is backtracking from the praise he gave her last week.
After confirming the former reality TV star is pregnant with his baby, Thomas Paxton Whitaker exclusively told RadarOnline.com she would be a great mother, but now the Georgia-native is telling Radar they aren’t even in a relationship together and he feels like she took advantage of him.
“Even though I had nothing negative to say about Tila in my comment to you, and the two of us are soon to share a child with one another, Tila and I are not together as a couple and we are no longer pursuing a relationship with each other,” Whitaker told Radar.
EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: Tila Tequila’s Shocking Eating Disorder Pics
“She definitely isn’t living with me. I was trying to remain cordial without adding to her already notorious past, and now I am now experiencing the fallout from my generosity.”
Tila, due in November with their child, seemed to have a problem with Whitaker’s financial past, he says.
“Somehow because I went through hard times like a lot of other people when the economy took a decline, and had to file for bankruptcy, I’m somehow unsuitable to be connected to in a relationship,” Whitaker said, noting that the bankruptcy was never any sort of skeleton in his closet.
PHOTOS: Tila Tequila and Kate Major Party with Gladys Magazine
“If the media could only the hear the kinds of comments Miss Nguyen makes about them as individuals behind closed doors. I doubt she would ever get a drop of news coverage again for the rest of her days, but then Hollywood is a lot about deception and manipulation…isn’t it?”
Whitaker, 42, alluded to trouble in paradise on his Twitter page last October when he tweeted:
https://twitter.com/rook012tpw/status/389770228734767104
And when news broke that he was the father of Tila’s child, he cryptically tweeted:
https://twitter.com/rook012tpw/status/459111646217383936
Tila has remained mum about her baby daddy, but continues to post things about her baby and claims to be super excited and happy:
https://twitter.com/BabyMamaTila/status/459600608853368832
So it looks like Tila is going to be a single mother — how do you think she’ll handle it? Sound off in the comments below… /n