Daisy Fuentes’ Husband, a Real-Life Hero, Helps Subdue a Violent Passenger on Their Flight/n





                    Twitter Slams Khloe Kardashian After Posing in Front of Fidel Castro Sign During Family Trip to Cuba
                







The Kardashians love Kontroversy...

 MORE >>





Daisy Fuentes and her husband Richard Marx found themselves in a scary situation when a fellow passenger began acting out, attacking the flight attendants and fellow passengers during their flight from Vietnam to Korea. But Marx didn’t hesitate to assist the staff in subduing the violent individual.

“On our flight from Hanoi to Seoul a guy sitting in the next row from us got crazy & started attacking the flight attendants & passengers. When he started pushing and pulling them by the hair @therichardmarx was the first to help subdue him [sic],” Fuentes captioned photos of the altercation on Instagram.



On our flight from Hanoi to Seoul a guy sitting in the next row from us got crazy & started attacking the flight attendants & passengers. When he started pushing the female staff and pulling them by the hair @therichardmarx was the first to help subdue him. This went on for FOUR hrs. I feel horrible for the abuse the staff had to endure but no one was prepared for this. They never fully got control of him. They didn’t know how to use the taser & they didn’t know how to secure the rope around him (he got loose from their rope restraints 3 times). I’ll be posting some of the video after our next flight.
A photo posted by DAISY (@daisyfuentes) on Dec 20, 2016 at 3:07am PST



 
“This went on for FOUR hrs. I feel horrible for the abuse the staff had to endure but no one was prepared for this,” she continued. “They never fully got control of him. They didn’t know how to use the taser & they didn’t know how to secure the rope around him (he got loose from their rope restraints 3 times). I’ll be posting some of the video after our next flight.”
It’s encouraging to see everyday citizens (or famous people) who are willing to step in harm’s way when it’s necessary!
Stay tuned for more details…


Daisy Fuentes Shows Off Fit Body in Black Monokini








































8 Photos »


/n