Grammy Makes a Doris Day of It/n
Amy Winehouse, one of the year's most-nominated artists, might not be able to make it to the Grammys because of her legal troubles, but, as Doris Day would say, "Que Sera, Sera."  The romantic-comedy queen and 1950s-era chart topper is one of seven musical icons selected to receive a 2008 Lifetime Achievement Award at a special ceremony Feb. 9, the night before the 50th Annual Grammy Awards are held at Los Angeles' Staples Center.  Also being honored by the Recording Academy are Burt Bacharach, the Band, violinist Itzhak Perlman, bluegrass pioneer Earl Scruggs, super scatter Cab Calloway and jazz percussionist Max Roach.  "This year's recipients are a prestigious group of diverse and influential creators who have crafted or contributed to some of the most distinctive recordings in music history," Recording Academy president and CEO Neil Portnow said.   "These profoundly inspiring figures are being honored as legendary performers, creative architects and technical visionaries. Their outstanding accomplishments and passion for their craft have created a timeless legacy."  One could accuse him of hyperbole, but Portnow happens to speak the truth.Day, a singer by trade who went on to appear in nearly 40 films, is perhaps best known as a recording artist for her 1956 hit "Whatever Will Be, Will Be (Que Sera Sera)," the Oscar-winning theme from Alfred Hitchcock's The Man Who Knew too Much. Her other swing standards included "Everybody Loves a Lover" and "Sentimental Journey."Bacharach, who to this generation might mainly be known as the purveyor of Austin Power's mood music, has won six Grammys and, while not as revered for his own crooning abilities, has composed more than 70 top-40 hits covered by artists ranging from Dionne Warwick to the Beatles.Among his infectiously hummable songs: "Raindrops Keep Falling on My Head," "I Say a Little Prayer for You," "The Look of Love," "What's New, Pussycat," "What the World Needs Now Is Love" and "That's What Friends Are For" (with lyrics by then-wife Carole Bayer Sager). His most recent album, 2005's At This Time, featured guest appearances by, among others, Elvis Costello and Rufus Wainwright.The Band, whose tune "The Weight" lives on via both classic-rock radio and any film or commercial that needs a weary-head-in-search-of-rest feeling, was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1994. In 2004, Rolling Stone ranked the group—Levon Helm, Garth Hudson, Robbie Robertson and the late Rick Danko and Richard Manuel—number 50 on its roundup of the 100 Greatest Artists of All Time.And even if Mozart is Greek to you, you've heard of Perlman, arguably the world's most well-known living violinist and a man as likely to appear on The Tonight Show as on PBS. In addition to his own albums, the Israeli virtuoso's playing can be heard on the soundtracks of Schindler's List and Memoirs of a Geisha.Roach, who died in August at 83, was one of the founders of the jazz format known as bebop, which spotlights a song's percussion elements in addition to the strings and horns. Over the years, he collaborated with most of the biggest names in jazz, including Charlie Parker, Dizzy Gillespie, Thelonious Monk and Miles Davis, and was still recording up until just a few years before his death.Calloway, whose first hit "Minnie the Moocher" ("hi-de-hi-de-hi-de-hi") made him the king of scat in the 1930s, enjoyed a six-decade performing career and would have surely scored a Simpsons guest spot if Homer had been around 50 years ago. Instead, Calloway's talent was made accessible to a younger generation in early Disney cartoons and through later appearances on Sesame Street, and in music videos and TV commercials. He died in 1994. Scruggs, whose singular three-finger banjo-picking style was subsequently named after him, is a legend among bluegrass artists. Inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame alongside guitarist Lester Flatt in 1985, the 83-year-old musician also performed with his three sons as the Earl Scruggs Revue. While the honors will be doled out the night before, all will be recognized Feb. 10 during the 50th Annual Grammy Awards. The ceremony will air live on CBS.The Recording Academy has also announced 70 new additions to the Grammy Hall of Fame, which now boasts 798 song and album titles that, according to Portnow, "have significantly impacted our musical history."Among the 2008 inductees are Prince's 1999, the Eagles' Hotel California, the Beatles' "Help!," Bizet's Carmen, Willie Nelson's "Always on My Mind," Michael Jackson's Thriller and Off the Wall, Lynyrd Skynyrd's "Free Bird," the Cabaret and Oliver! soundtracks (film and Broadway versions, respectively), the Police's "Roxanne," Billy Joel's The Stranger and Pink Floyd's The Wall. 
/n