 Kate Gosselin Admits Hiring A Private Investigator To Stalk Ex Jon In Shocking Police.../n
Kate Gosselin and her ex-husband Jon‘s relationship couldn’t be any nastier.
The Kate Plus 8 star was so paranoid about her former partner’s actions around their kids, she once hired a private investigator to follow him around town, RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal.
In a Pennsylvania police report obtained by Radar, the 41-year-old mother of eight told cops that Jon, 39, exhibited “suspicious behavior” around their daughter, previously identified as Hannah, now 12, in In Touch Weekly. (The magazine first reported Kate’s calls to police with kidnapping and drug dealing claims.)
PHOTOS: On The Warpath! Bethenny Frankel Slams Kate Gosselin, Giuliana Rancic & Other Reality Stars In Blistering Radio Interview — 10 Epic Disses
She went on to admit her scheme to track his every move.
“Katie said that she hired a private detective to follow Jonathan and she was aware that Jonathan was at [the children’s school] right now,” the responding officer wrote in the April 27, 2015 incident report from Manheim Township Police Department.
“Katie believed that Jonathan was guarding [Hannah] and feared that if he saw her or the police, he would take [her] out of school and flee.”
PHOTOS: Jon Gosselin Parties With Multiple Women After Feud With Kate Reignites
According to officers, Kate arrived to the school, but Jon was nowhere to be found. She eventually took her daughter home from class.
As Radar previously reported, sources close to Jon said Kate’s concerns about her ex’s relationship with their little girl were completely unfounded.
“That’s just gross to suggest,” a friend told Radar. “It sounds like Kate is making up stories again.”
Another source explained that Hannah simply “loves her father” and “feels bad” that some of her other siblings, including 16-year-old twins Mady and Cara, have turned their backs on him.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n