Adele Finally Confirms Her Secret Marriage/n
“Rumour Has It” no more. Adele has reportedly finally confirmed she is married to longtime love Simon Konecki.
The singer, 28, told fans in Brisbane, Australia that she had wed Konecki, 42, and the father of her son–but didn’t say when.
Adele spilled the beans during an explanation about writing her song “Someone Like You.”
She told concert goers, “I could see in their eyes as they were listening to it on their headphones that it reminded them of something or someone and that’s what I wanted to remember.
PHOTOS: Room Service, Special Orders & More! Adele & Beyonce’s OUTRAGEOUS Requests Exposed!
“How it was I felt at the beginning of the relationship that inspired that record, because as bad as a break up can be, as bitter and horrible and messy as it can be, that feeling when you first fall for someone is the best feeling on earth, and I am addicted to that feeling.”
Adele then shocked everyone by adding, “Obviously I can’t go through with those feelings because I’m married now. I’ve found my next person.
“But that feeling, when you first meet someone and everything about you just feels alive for the first time. I wanted to go back to that.”
The secretive “Rollling in the Deep” songbird and her main man previously refused to confirm whether they had actually tied the knot.
PHOTOS: Adele’s ‘Super Gran’ Bounces Back After Near-Fatal Heart Attack
But Konecki caused rumors to fly by wearing a wedding ring at the Brit Awards last month.
Adele also called Konecki her “husband” during her recent Grammys acceptance speech.
After winning Album of the Year for 25, Adele told the crowd, “Grammys, I appreciate it, the Academy, I love you, my manager, my husband and my son–you’re the only reason I do it.”
Sources have speculated Adele might have walked down the aisle with Konecki, with whom she raises their son Angelo, 4, over the holidays.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n