 Child Protective Services Question Denise Richards Over Allegations About Brooke &.../n
The Los Angeles County Department of Children & Family Services is questioning Denise Richards — temporary guardian over Brooke Mueller and Charlie Sheen‘s twin sons — for allegations involving the disturbing and violent behavior of the boys, RadarOnline.com is exclusively reporting.
“Denise Richards’ letter to the department regarding incidents in which Bob and Max punched and kicked her family pets, threw their own feces and would go into catatonic states has raised a lot of alarm bells. Several officials at DCFS question the validity of the allegations, and question whether or not the boys really did do that,” a source told Radar.
“Denise has made multiple attempts to get the boys properly assessed by a medical professional, but has been blocked by Mueller. She voiced her concerns before Denise sent the letter, but was met with no response. It was only after the letter was made public, along with pictures of an injured Bob that the department finally responded to Denise’s pleas for help….but it is being met with skepticism.”
However, a source close to Sheen scoffs at the department’s contention that Richards is exaggerating or misleading officials.
PHOTOS: The Littlest Victim: Charlie Sheen & Brooke Mueller’s Son Bob Shown
“Denise isn’t a liar, and certainly isn’t misleading anyone about the severity of the disturbing behavior of the boys. She has done nothing but try and help Bob and Max. The idea that Denise would be anything but honest is insulting and a slap in the face, especially after everything she has gone through,” the insider said.
“She has been dragged through the mud by Brooke and her lawyers. The department is just trying to cover their a** now that the Brooke is close to getting the boys back, and they realize they have dropped the ball.”
The Los Angeles County of Department of Children & Family Services has called an emergency meeting between Mueller and Richards to determine if a peace deal can be struck regarding custody of the 4-year-old boys.
“The meeting has been called in hopes of convincing Denise to keep the boys for at least another three weeks until Brooke is scheduled to get them back,” a source previously told Radar.
PHOTOS: Meet The Parents! Hollywood’s Best & Worst Moms And Dads
As Radar exclusively reported, the heartbreaking letter by Richards informed DCFS that she no longer felt capable of caring for the boys in her home.
“With a heavy heart,” Richards laid out the painful story of how the boys came to find refuge with her and daughters Sam, Lola and Eloise.
She detailed how recent contact with their mother, Mueller, had transformed them from “kind and loving” young boys to “zombie-like” boys who exhibit “extreme violent mood swings” and “violent behavior.”
According to Richards, her daughters had been “strangled, kicked in the head and stomach, scratched, bit, slapped, punched in the face and head” and spat on by the boys, as have the family dogs.
EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: Brooke Mueller Crack Binge — And $1500 Meth Drug Deal — Caught On Video
“With no authority to make decisions on their behalf, I feel my hands are tied in providing them the proper help, support, and care that I feel as a parent that they need,” the Wild Things star wrote. /n