Amanda Bynes Still Wants Drake to “Murder” Her Va-Jay-Jay/n





                    Amanda Bynes Calls Drake "Ugly"
                







She's over him.

 MORE >>










                    Drake Talks About That Whole Amanda Bynes "Murder My Vagina" Thing
                







It was the tweet heard around the world.

 MORE >>





Amanda Bynes may have put her erratic tweets behind her, but she will has a thing for Drake.

Speaking publicly for the first time in four years, the She’s The Man star says she’s “doing great” these days. In fact, she reveals she’s been three years sober since infamously tweeting, “I want @drake to murder my vagina.”
“I actually wasn’t being insincere. I was like saying, ‘Murder my vagina.’ I was serious, but I was also on drugs, so that was my way of saying, ‘Let’s do it, man.’ But I was on drugs and trying to be hilarious,” she tells The Lowdown. “He’s hot! What does that even mean? It just means, like, ‘F*ck me, Drake!'”
The 31-year-old also admits she copied Blac Chyna’s style by getting piercings on her cheeks. “I stole her look!” the Nickelodeon alum confesses. “I was getting the microdermals in my cheeks because she had them. I thought they looked super hot on her. I never said that she stole my look. I’m a fan of hers. She’s adorable. She’s a cutie pie.”


relive Amanda Bynes' most outrageous Tweets








































10 Photos »


Since her brush with the law, the actress has been focusing on her studies at Los Angeles’ Fashion Institute of Design and Merchandising. Having announced her retirement from acting in 2010, Amanda says she misses being in front of the camera from time to time.
“I’ve been going to school lately, fashion school—FIDM. And I love it. I’ve learned how to sew, I’ve made patterns, and I want to start a clothing line in the future, so FIDM has been helping me with that,” she says. “I do miss acting, and I have something surprising to tell you: I’m going to start acting again.”
She continues, “I want to do TV. Maybe a few guest spots on some shows that I’m a fan of and maybe another TV show where I’m the star of it, in the future. That’s what I hope.”





/n