VIDEO: Legendary Liz Taylor Fashionably Late To Her Own Funeral/n
Even in death, Liz Taylor remained fashionably late.
Remembering A Legend — Elizabeth Taylor’s Memorial At Forest Lawn
“She even wanted to be late for her own funeral,” Taylor’s publicist Sally Morrison said of her late client’s request to start the service 15 minutes tardy, following the Tinseltown icon’s funeral at Forest Lawn Cemetery in Los Angeles Thursday.
PHOTOS: Stars Who Died In Bizarre Ways
About 48 of the Cleopatra star’s family members were in attendance for the hour-long service, which was officiated by Rabbi Jerry Cutler.
Hunky A-lister Colin Farrell, a friend of Taylor’s, read Gerard Manley Hopkins’s poem The Leaden Echo and the Golden Echo near her casket, which was flanked by beautiful gardenias, violets, and lilies.
PHOTOS: The Name Game – Celebs Who’ve Changed Their Names
Taylor’s grandson Rhys Tivey played Amazing Grace on his trumpet, and other family members stepped up to read various passages, as well.
Other celebrities buried at Forest Lawn include Taylor’s longtime pal Michael Jackson, and Hollywood icons such as Gracie Allen, Nat King Cole, Walt Disney, Clark Gable, Jean Harlow and W.C. Fields.
EXCLUSIVE: Kathy Hilton On Elizabeth Taylor: ‘She Will Be Remembered And Missed Very Much’
Taylor died at Los Angeles’ Cedars-Sinai Medical Center Wednesday of congestive heart failure at 79. The Who’s Afraid of Virginia Woolf? star is survived by daughters Maria Burton-Carson and Liza Todd-Tivey, sons Christopher and Michael Wilding, 10 grandchildren and four great-grandchildren.
A memorial service will be announced at a later date, according to her publicist.
Friday night in New York, the lights on Broadway theaters will go dark for one minute to honor Taylor.



RELATED STORIES:
EXCLUSIVE: Liz Taylor’s Final Goodbye To Pal Zsa Zsa Gabor: ‘There’s Nothing More To Live For’
EXCLUSIVE: Zsa Zsa Gabor Says ‘I’m Next’ After Learning Of Elizabeth Taylor’s Death, Rushed To Hospital
Elizabeth Taylor Dead At 79 /n