The 15 Days of Celebmas – Hercules: DJ Control Instinct P8 Party Pack/n
Happy holidays and welcome to Celebuzz’s 15 Days of Celebmas gift guide and giveaway!
We are featuring 15 unique products and services that we think would be perfect holiday gifts and we are giving ALL of them away to one lucky winner. Each day we will be highlighting one of the items in our guide, and then at the end of the 15 days (December 15, 2016) we will be choosing one lucky reader who will win all 15 gifts! Details on how to enter to win are at the bottom of the article.


The 15 Days of Celebmas








































15 Photos »



Today we are featuring the Hercules: DJ Control Instinct P8 Party Pack ($139.99)!
Hercules: DJControl Instinct P8 Party Pack ($139.99) – The DJControl Instinct P8 Controller is a mixer that will be sure to please the party, featuring 8 multi-colored wristbands that light up to your beat!





Just simply connect to your PC of Mac computer via USB and easily add loops, effects, samples, and cue points with this dual deck interactive light show controller. Mix on the fly and save the best ones to an audio file with DJUCED™ 40° DJ software. Get powerful mixes right at your fingertips with the Instinct P8!
The ultimate Party Pack, composed of the DJControl Instinct P8 and 8 multicolored wristbands that light up in sync with your mix. One DJControl Instinct P8 controller and eight light (LED) wristbands to make your party unforgettable!





The DJControl Instinct P8 is compact, robust and full-featured, with a wide range of features optimized for mixing and remixing :
•Dual-deck DJ controller
•8 sample pads with multicolored lighting, allowing better comprehension
•Loop mode can be triggered temporarily, using the pads, or permanently, using the encoder
•Effects control and adjustment
•Dedicated SYNC, Cue, Play/Pause buttons
•Separate MODES on each deck
•Touch-sensitive deck and SCRATCH mode
•3-band equalizer with volume fader and crossfader
•More functions are accessible using the SHIFT button
•Built-in sound card with 2 RCA outputs for mixing and a 1.8”/3.5 mm mini-jack stereo output for previewing tracks on headphones
•Detachable USB cable
•Easy to install, USB-powered port; no drivers required
•PC / Mac compatible
You can purchase the Hercules: DJControl Instinct P8 Party Pack here!

Below are all 15 of the products and services that are featured in the 2016 Celebuzz’s 15 Days of Celebmas! Click the items for find out more information and for details on where to purchase.

Lacoste Home Leste Red Bedding Collection & Lacoste Home Signature Logo Bath Towel – The epitome of luxury.
FluidStance Original Handmade Level and Holster – Free yourself from your desk chair and keep that heart rate up.
Dyson Pure Hot + Cool Link Air Purifier Heater & Fan- Intelligently purifies, heats and cools you.
Rock ‘N’ Rolla XL “Vintage” Record Player – Vinyl is back in baby!
New Nintendo 3DS XL – The latest and greatest Nintendo gaming device.
Swagtron T5 Hoverboard – This hands-free smart board is all the technology & quality!
Hercules – DJ Control Instinct P8 Party Pack – Be the life of your next party with this DJ deck featuring party lights!
TCL 43-Inch 4K Ultra HD Roku Smart LED TV – The TV that may be smarter than all of us.
Drinkmate – Carbonate ANY beverage! From juices, cocktails, iced tea, and even beer.
Maggie Wallet by JEMMA – So versatile that it can be worn three different ways!
Swagboard NG-1 Electric Skateboard – The next generation skateboard electrically reimagined.
ZAGG Slim Book Pro – Enjoy the convenience to use your keyboard connected to or separated from your iPad.
Hot Wheels – Two classic track sets for the Hot Wheels enthusiast.
The I.V. Doc – Enjoy this in-home luxury hydration service with a $100 gift card.
Stella & Dot Covet Sunday Bag and Covet Pave Intention Necklace in White Gold - Two gorgeous items from Stella & Dot’s latest collection, Covet by Stella & Dot.

 


The 15 Days of Celebmas








































15 Photos »


Here is how to enter to win:
1) Leave a comment on this post telling us what past gift you received for the holidays was the most special to you!
2) Feel free to leave multiple comments!
3) When leaving your comment(s), make sure you are logged in using a valid email address! We will contact the winner via email.
4) You must live in the continental United States and be 18-years-old or older to enter. You have until midnight PST December 15, 2016 to enter.


The 15 Days of Celebmas








































15 Photos »


/n