 EXCLUSIVE NEW AUDIO: Mel Gibson's 30 "Terrorizing" Telephone Calls To Oksana.../n

WARNING: This audio may not be reproduced.
Mel Gibson made up to 30 “terrorizing” phone calls to his ex-lover, Oksana Grigorieva, on the same night she walked out on their volatile three-year relationship, she has told law enforcement investigators.
Included in the barrage was eight profanity-laced voicemail messages the clearly irrational Lethal Weapon star left on Oksana’s answering machine at her home.
PHOTOS: Celebrity Death Threats
RadarOnline.com has exclusively obtained those tapes — which are more evidence in three separate law enforcement investigations.
Listen to the blockbuster recordings below.
The rantings are a twisted mix of more misogynistic insults and rage as Mel again ripped into the mother of his illegitimate child, at one stage labeling her “f*cking disloyal and f*cking weak” and “such a f*cking sl*t”.
PHOTOS: Mel & Oksana’s First Hollywood Appearance
In one tirade that lasted just over two minutes, Mel dropped a staggering 23 F-bombs.
In another bizarre message, that lasted just 13 seconds, the words coming out of his mouth barely sounded like words.
EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: See The First Photos of Mel and Oksana In a Passionate Embrace On The Beach
Oksana has told investigators, who are probing the Oscar-winning actor/director for domestic abuse, that she was “terrorized by a stream of harassing and threatening telephone calls” from Mel after she fled his Malibu mansion, on February 18 this year.
“She estimated that from the time she arrived at the Sherman Oaks home, after she escaped from his house, that she received approximately 30 calls from 8pm to 6am,” said a source, familiar with the case.
“Mel told her he wanted to keep her up all night.”
PHOTOS: Oksana Through The Years
As she attempted to care for the couple’s daughter Lucia, who was just three-months-old at the time, Oksana was unable to answer all the calls and allowed to go to her message-bank.
“You have f*cked me up,” Mel said, in one message captured on her machine.
He went on: “You have f*cked me up. You have f*cked me up. I did nothing but help you. But you f*cking shat on me like a low-life sl*t.”
What Oksana recorded will provide investigators an insight into Mel’s state of mind.
PHOTOS: Celebrity Racist Rants
In another message, he taunted the mother-of-two: “Just making sure you’re awake, if you were trying to sleep. Because I am awake — and you deserve to be.”
“Don’t ever sleep again,” he repeated, later. “Don’t sleep as long as I don’t sleep.”
In the space of 17 minutes, from 2:29am to 2:46am, a seething and scorned Mel made five calls to Oksana.
Seemingly paranoid, he also accused Oksana of wanting to destroy him and “see me die” because “subconsciously that is your whole f*cking aim,” as he claimed.
WORLD EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: Bruised & Battered Oksana Grigorieva After Brawl With Mel Gibson
A furious Mel also warned how mean he could be — “have I testified the title mean yet” — and delivered the Russian singer/ pianist his assessment of her musical talents — “it’s ordinary… it’s NOT extraordinary”.
He said bluntly, “I’d like to see you play a concert sometime. You make mistakes all over with live performances. You can’t do it.
“Haven’t seen you not f*ck it up yet. It’s flawless, you understand. You have to be f*cking flawless.
PHOTOS: Timothy Dalton Goes To See Oksana
“You are not in that league. So give it up. Do what you’re good at. Whatever the f*ck that is. Oh, I know what that is. Deception!”
The messages also provide a window into the events which led to the explosive end to their relationship.
As RadarOnline.com revealed as part of our headline-making investigation, Oksana walked out on Mel after a tree-planting ceremony in honor of their daughter Lucia, who was three-months-old at the time.
At the event, Mel and Oksana buried their daughter’s placenta in the backyard.
PHOTOS: Oksana Shows Off Her Post Baby Body
In one message, at 2:31am, Mel told Oksana she was “a sour faced bitch” at the ceremony, at which his one-time love supposedly smiled at a maintenance worker.
“Do you think it was tricky to get that f*cking tree in the hole, the placenta and organize that sh*t?” Mel asked.
“Do you know how much f*cking time and money went into that?
“You were down there looking like a spoiled c*nt.”
PHOTOS: Mel’s Ex Oksana Grigorieva Beefs Up Security
The first voice message was left at 10:27pm and the last at 3:06am, RadarOnline.com has learned.
Here’s how the sequence went down: 
February 18, 22:27pmMG: Arghhh. Arghhhhhh. Arghhhhh. Argh. Argh. I called.
February 19, 12:40amMG: Edith is not to work at your house. If she does, I will fire her. I will not pay her for any hours at your house. OK? She only works at my house. Alright? I don’t want her at your house or I will fire her. You know I will do it. I fire people all the time. You will have to find some other f*cker but you will have to pay for it yourself. She works at my house. She is my employee. Just thought I would mention that right now. If you want to call me back, I think we should discuss the terms of separation, don’t you? Don’t you think? Yes? Yes, let’s do it. I won’t smoke either, just to f*ck with you. I want to really badly. You would love me to. Because you want to destroy me and see me die. I know subconsciously that is your whole f*cking aim, is to ruin me. But I won’t let you. Alright. You selfish bitch. Alright.
February 19, 2.29amMG: Whore. Answer the f*cking phone. F*cking bitch.
February 19, 2.31amMG: You were a sour faced bitch today. Do you think it was tricky to get that f*cking tree in the hole, the placenta and organize that sh*t? Do you know how much f*cking time and money went into that? Did you thank me? Did you even have a f*cking smile on your face? F*ck no. You were down there looking like a spoilt c*nt. You don’t give f*ck do you. You really a shallow bitch. Everything about you stinks and I am seeing it real, loud and clear. F*ck yeah. Fuck y*ah.
February 19, 2.37amMG: Oh. Just making sure you’re awake, if you were trying to sleep. Because I am awake — and you deserve to be. Yeah.
February 19, 2.39amMG: Have I testified the title mean yet? I think so. OK, I will stop being mean now. I will stop being mean because that’s me. You call mean, you will get mean. You call me something I’m not you will get it in spades. Remember that and I don’t give a f*ck if you ever call me again or not.
February 19, 2.46amMG: See, you can see I am not available for use anymore, you can see the well has dried up and you just take off, you just leave, take off, because I am finished for you right? Because I can’t give anymore, right? To your personal cause. You. I can’t do it anymore. So you’re out of here from the sinking ship. That’s your MO, isn’t it baby? Hmmm? That’s your MO. I will believe that because it seems to be the truth.
February 19, 3.06amMG: It is to me. F*cking disloyal and f*cking weak. You’re f*cking blind. F*cking thankless. Such a f*cking slut. F*ck you. F*ck you. Don’t ever sleep again. Don’t sleep as long as I don’t sleep. Don’t sleep. F*cking get sick. You f*ck me up. You have f*cked me up. You have f*cked me up. You have f*cked me up. I did nothing but help you. But you f*cking shat on me like a low-life sl*t. Which is now what I am convinced you are. F*ck I am angry at you. You are a waste of time. I am angry at you. What a waste of my f*cking time. F*ck you. You f*cking ordinary c*nt. You are just f*cking ordinary. That goes for the talent too — it’s ordinary. It’s NOT extraordinary. It’s pretty f*cking common. I’d like to see you play a concert sometime. You make mistakes all over with live performances. You can’t do it. So touring is out of the question for you because you will f*ck it up. You have not yet f*cked up yet live. Haven’t seen you not f*ck it up yet. It’s flawless, you understand. You have to be f*cking flawless. You don’t know how to do that. You are not in that league. So give it up. Do what you’re good at. Whatever the f*ck that is. Oh, I know what that is. Deception!
Sheriff’s detectives have opened a criminal probe into Oksana’s claim that Mel punched her twice in the left temple and mouth as she held their infant daughter, Lucia, at his Malibu home on January 6.
Mel’s camp has vehemently denied that the volatile actor ever hurt Oksana or little Lucia.
The Department of Children and Family Services is also investigating while a judge, in another matter, oversees the former couple’s civil battle over custodial rights.
RELATED: ALL OF THE MEL GIBSON TAPES
MEL AUDIO TAPE #1: Mel’s Racist Rant 
MEL AUDIO TAPE #2: Mel Gibson Admits Hitting Oksana, Threatens To Kill Her 
MEL AUDIO TAPE #3: Another Mel Gibson Slur Caught On Tape In Crazed Rage 
MEL AUDIO TAPE #4: Out Of Control Mel Gibson Says He’ll Burn Down House After Demanding Sex 
MEL AUDIO TAPE #5: Mel Gibson Completely Loses It: ‘B*tch, C*nt, Wh*re, Gold Digger!’ 
MEL AUDIO TAPE #6: The Tape That Could Destroy Mel: “No One Will Believe You”, He Says After She Charges: “You Hit The Baby” 
MEL AUDIO TAPE #7: Mel Gibson’s Twisted Rant Includes Jealous Rage Over Timothy Dalton /n