 Commanding Votes? Duck Dynasty Goes Political! Phil Robertson Stumps For Candidate With.../n
Duck Dynasty’s Phil Robertson isn’t backing down from his conservative beliefs.
In fact, he and his family played host to controversial conservative icon Sarah Palin at the Robertson home this weekend as they all stumped for a Republican candidate.
The Robertsons and Palin are trying to get out the vote for Bill Cassidy, who is involved in a runoff campaign for a contested Louisiana Senate seat.
Palin gleefully posted four pictures on her Facebook account  of her and husband Todd posing with Phil, his wife Kay, and Jep Robertson.
PHOTOS: ‘Duck Dynasty’ Is ‘Fake’! 25 Shocking Secrets & Lies Behind TV’s Favorite Family
The former GOP VP candidate added a gushing caption, “Thanks to Phil and Miss Kay for the most scrumptious country cooking tonight in their home kitchen! So authentic and everything from scratch! I recognized lots of recipes from Miss Kay’s cookbook: chicken and dumplings, fried cornbread, turnip greens, creamed corn, squash casserole… we are now happy, happy, happy, and stuffed! Great to share a meal with the Duck Commander crew. Now I’m stoked to try more of these great recipes from Miss Kay’s Duck Commander Kitchen Cookbook  when I get home. Thanks for the great visit, Louisiana!”
Palin, who dressed in a revealing cutout top and tight jeans for her Robertson family visit, was set to be in Louisiana all weekend to stump for Congressman Cassidy, the Republican candidate for U.S. Senate who is in a Dec. 6 runoff with Democratic incumbent Mary Landrieu.
PHOTOS: Bayou Logic Or Hate Speech? ‘Duck Dynasty’ Stars’ 28 Most Shocking Quotes Of All-Time
Phil and Palin have more than conservative politics in common. Palin’s daughter, Bristol, competed on Dancing with the Stars and Robertson’s granddaughter Sadie is a competitor on the ABC reality show this season.
The Louisiana state Democratic party has struck back at Robertson’s campaigning, saying in a statement, “Mr. Robertson is a colorful character, and he’s entitled to shout his opinions from the rooftops. He is a reality TV star, after all. But this is a political rally, and Congressman Bill Cassidy should be ashamed to be providing Mr. Robertson with a stage and microphone to spread his political beliefs further than rooftop ranting would allow.
PHOTOS: Freedom Of Speech Or Hate Speech? 28 ‘Homophobic’ Comments Which Stunned Hollywood /n