La Toya Jackson Snags OWN Reality Series; Snoop Dogg Wants to Judge ‘American Idol’ (REPORT)/n





                    'Anderson' Gets S2 Reboot 
                







The newsman is coming back with some help and major changes.

 MORE >>










                    'Political Animals' Peek
                







Who has the best abs in DC? Watch our exclusive clip.

 MORE >>










                    'Glee': Six S4 Spoilers!
                







Find out some fresh deets from the FOX musical.

 MORE >>





 OWN unveiled its fall schedule and new series pickups and guess who’s getting her own series? La Toya Jackson! That is a major get for the network as we don’t have to point out the crazy that’s going down with that family currently.
What’s La Toya’s show about?
Here’s the official description of Life With La Toya from OWN.
Life With La Toya gets up close and personal with La Toya Jackson as she juggles the many demands of her famous family, her life long friends, and her growing entertainment business empire.  Known as the outspoken one, La Toya is so much more: the fun-loving aunt, devoted daughter, peace making sister and a woman looking for love, and maybe even a family of her own.  Life With La Toya is produced by World of Wonder Productions and executive produced by Fenton Bailey, Randy Barbato, Tom Campbell and Jeremy Simmons with Ja-Tail Television and executive producers, La Toya Jackson, Jeffré Phillips and Charles Cook.

 

janet Jackson's Weight ups and Downs








































15 Photos »



Premiering next year, we’ve asked OWN reps if the series is still shooting. If it is, then La Toya would have to be dealing in some way with the family fight over Michael’s kids. We’ll update when OWN gets back to us on that.
The network also announced that new episodes of Oprah’s Next Chapter will feature Jennifer Hudson, Kelsey Grammer, Stephen Colbert and Bette Midler. Also, former Oprah Show castoff Iyanla Vanzant finally gets that show she wanted so desperately back in the day from Winfrey, which caused a decade-long feud. Iyanla, Fix My Life premieres Saturday, Sept. 15 at 10 PM. [OWN]
Mariah Carey’s onboard for the next season of FOX’s American Idol, but who will grab the seat Steven Tyler’s departure left open? Country singers are executive producer Nygel Lythgoe’s preference, but Toby Keith has already turned down an offer. Maybe, they should go with someone who actually wants to be on the panel? How about someone who can match the spacey Mariah? Rapper Snoop Dogg has reportedly said that he’d love to judge the FOX competition. He’s definitely a character and he has had a very long recording career. We say, yes, please! [TMZ]
 

mariah Carey's style evolution








































28 Photos »



Emmy-winning Who’s the Boss? and Ugly Betty actress Judith Light is returning to TV Land’s The Exes on the August 22 episode. Light will reprise her role of sophisticated Marjorie Franklin, the hard-to-please mom of Holly Franklin (Kristen Johnston). Marjorie shows up at the worst possible moment for Holly and all the family truths come pouring out. Amanda Detmer also guest stars as Holly’s sister. The Exes airs Wednesdays at 10:30 PM. [TV Land]
TLC previewed its new series, Breaking Amish, on Thursday at the TCA Press Tour. The cable network’s cameras reveal the strict traditions of the Amish/Mennonite religion and follow five people who have chosen to leave it behind and explore the world outside of their community. The nine-episode series premieres Sunday, Sept. 9 at 10 PM. Watch the trailer from TCA below. [TLC]
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player

  
brightcove.createExperiences();

/n