Doris Roberts' Most Unforgettable Everybody Loves Raymond Moments There's a reason why the passing of Doris Roberts, who died today at 90, is going to make even those who only knew her from TV feel as though they lost a member of t.../n
There's a reason why the passing of Doris Roberts, who died today at 90, is going to make even those who only knew her from TV feel as though they lost a member of their own family.The star of stage and screen, who got her start in the 1950s on Broadway, won four Emmys for her unforgettable role as the loving-but-meddlesome matriarch Marie Barone on Everybody Loves Raymond, the platinum-haired powerhouse doling out wisdom and wit at a rapid clip throughout the CBS sitcom's nine hit seasons.And even though the show's first run ended back in 2005, it lives on in syndication and Roberts' performance remains as pitch-perfect as ever, from her her way with a one-liner to her way with a raised eyebrow. Here are some of her best moments:

"Who, me?" No one feigned surprise that she could possibly have meddled in anyone's affairs better than Marie.

Go, Marie! Who can forget when Marie told Debra (Patricia Heaton) that she and hubby Frank (the late, great Peter Boyle) only had sex once a year. But the truth soon comes out—Frank tells Ray (Ray Romano) that they get down to it two or three times a week. Asked by Debra why she lied, Marie fires back, "This whole topic is improper! What we do in our bedroom is our own business, and I prefer not to be known as the 'Whore of Lynbrook.'"

"You'd Have to Be a Cook to Understand": Marie Barone, master of the backhanded compliment and subtly cutting remark, explains why she was mad at Frank for throwing out a jar of fat drippings she had lovingly collected in a jar for future use—and then both includes Debra and insults her cooking in one swipe.

It's the Thought That Counts: Sometimes Mom gets the box with the massive bra in it—but you can tell she was going to try and pretend to understand.

Mad TV: Marie's airhead impression of Debra—"oh stop, Ray, I'm trying to heat up soup from a can"—doesn't go over well.

Abstract Art: Then there was the time Marie accidentally made a sculpture that looked like... um... No wonder the nuns didn't want to buy it—but Marie was a regular Georgia O'Keefe!

Marie Didn't Just Love Raymond: Before eldest son Robert Barone (Brad Garrett) is about to get married, Mom finds him a suit. "Robby, I found a place that can make you a tuxedo. They do the circus!"

She Brought the Family Together: That's what moms are for, after all—making sure all her boys get along.RIP, Doris Roberts, you will be missed.
/n