 North Korea Becomes 'The Happiest Place On Earth' As Kim Jon-Un Introduces A Little Disney.../n
By Debbie Emery – Radar Reporter
North Korea is rarely thought of as “the happiest place on Earth,” but the Communist country got a sprinkling of magic on Monday thanks to Disney’s most beloved characters.
After a recent failed missile launch and international pressure over the country’s nuclear program, new young leader Kim Jon-un finally gave his citizens something to smile about when the state run television showed footage of costumed versions of Tigger, Minnie Mouse and other favorites prancing in front of the leader and an entourage of somber faced clapping generals, and RadarOnline.com has the bizarre video.
PHOTOS: Disney’s Most Scandalous & Scandal Free Stars
The footage shows a fake Mickey and the gang being serenaded by a group of young women playing violins and wearing skimpy black dresses, as Kim looks on dressed in a conservative black Mao-style suit.
Other favorites from Walt’s imagination took the stage, including Winnie The Pooh, Dumbo and Snow White And The Seven Dwarfs, much to the enjoyment of the military staff in the audience, and marking a sharp contrast to the strict regimen and televised propaganda the country usually portrays.
PHOTOS: The Name Game – Celebs Who’ve Changed Their Names
The celebration of one of America’s national treasures is an unusual move for North Korea‘s Stalinist government that makes no secret of their hatred for the United States, and could be a sign of changing times to come since the death of Kim Jong-il in December.
According to North Korea’s official Korean Central News Agency, Kim Jr. has “a grandiose plan to bring a dramatic turn in the field of literature and arts this year.”
PHOTOS: Stars Who Look Like Other Stars 
Adding to the mystery of the magical night was the presence of an unidentified young woman who sat next to the current leader, sparking rumors that he has a new girlfriend, secret spouse or even a younger sister.
This is not the first time that a member of North Korea’s leading family has shown a desire to experience Disney. In 2001, the current leader’s older brother, Kim Jong-nam, was detained by the Japanese authorities while trying to enter Japan on a Dominican Republic passport to visit Tokyo Disneyland.

RELATED STORIES:
Nice Day For A Mass Wedding! Fascinating Look Inside A Moonies Ceremony For 2,000 Couples
A Wrong Turn Gives Chilling Insight Behind The Propaganda Of Pristine North Korea
UN Security Council To Discuss Failed North Korean Rocket LaunchGood Morning North Korea! Haunting Video Gives Rare Glimpse Inside The World’s Most Closed Country /n