World's Fattest Dachshund Takes On The Biggest Loser Challenge, Doxie Edition! /n
By Debbie Emery – Radar Reporter
Who ate all the sausages? The world’s fattest wiener dog has been told to lose the puppy fat after hitting the scale at a shocking 77 pounds.
Obie, who has such a huge barrel belly that his little legs barely touch the ground as he shuffles along, weighs twice as much as most Dachshunds after being almost fed to death by his previous elderly owners who continuously plied him with food as a display of their love.
PHOTOS: World’s Fattest Dachshund Starts His Slim Down
Now the plump pooch has been adopted by Nora Vanatta, of Portland, Oregon, who has put five-year-old Obie on a strict diet to blast off the 40 extra pounds that he is dragging around, reported OregonLive.com.
The EMT and Certified Nursing Assistant is working with Purina to create a low-fat, high-protein diet for the food-loving hound, which also contains isoflavones, a natural bioactive compound designed to reduce oxidative stress in overweight dogs.
PHOTOS: Puppy Love: Stars and Their Dogs
While he’s still too plump to workout, Obie’s new owner is hoping to soon be able to get him on a fitness regime including water aerobics and trotting on a treadmill.
“I feel tremendously blessed to be involved in his rehabilitation and I am amazed at the outpouring of love and support that I have received,” said Vanatta. “My hope is that he can be an inspiration to any person or animal trying to lose weight.
PHOTOS: Favorite TV Dogs
“It is so important to introduce pups and kids to a healthy lifestyle and food choices as early as possible.”
In the meantime, the larger-than-life wiener is reaching out to fans on his very own Facebook page that includes a request for donations to help with his rehab.
PHOTOS: Pups Show Their Surfing Stuff During Casting Call
“Aging owners with failing health were simply loving him with food. They just couldn’t say ‘no’ to those big brown eyes,” explained Nora. 
“I also have a 9-year-old black lab and 5-year-old dachshund. They are fit and active and promise to be good role models,” pledged the dog lover.
 

RELATED STORIES:
Dog Before Marriage! Meet The Couple Who Sacrificed Their Wedding To Pay For Sick Pet
Burned Bear Cub Rescued From Wildfires ‘Is Feisty And Eating Like A Pig!’ Says Vet
Accident Waiting To Happen? Couple Is BFFs With A Grizzly Bear
Texas Mayor Killed In Aggressive 500-Pound Donkey Attack /n