Dr. Luke Blasts Kesha for ‘Breaking Her Diet’ in Uncovered Emails, Lawyer Says They Show His ‘Tremendous Support’/n





                    Kesha Cries While Talking About 'Devastating' Dr. Luke Lawsuit
                







Simply heartbreaking. 

 MORE >>










                    Dr. Luke Says Kesha Accused Him of Raping Another Recording Artist in Text Message to Lady Gaga
                







This lawsuit is getting messy.

 MORE >>





Kesha’s legal team has submitted numerous damning emails in the singer’s lawsuit against Dr. Luke as evidence that the producer was verbally abusive throughout their work relationship.

In new documents filed in New York court as part of Kesha’s efforts to break ties with her former collaborator, Dr. Luke openly blasts Kesha for her weight and lashes out when she breaks her juice cleanse. In an email exchange between Dr. Luke and Kesha’s manager, Monica Cornia, the 43-year-old claims “A list songwriters and producers are reluctant to give Kesha their songs because of her weight.”
“Nobody was calling anybody out,” Dr. Luke wrote to Corina on June 28, 2012, according to Page Six. “We were having a discussion on how she can be more disciplined with her diet. there have been many times we have all witnessed her breaking her diet plan. this perticular [sic] time — it happened to be diet coke and turkey while on an all juice fast.”


Kesha Appears At New York State Supreme Court








































10 Photos »


“We just wanna see her stick to the plan for her benefit and the benefit of her career. Please help keep her on her diet,” he griped.
In a May 2012 email exchange between Kesha and her managers, Cornia discussed a fight between the singer and Dr. Luke over lyrics for what would be “Crazy Kids.” According to Cornia, Dr. Luke wanted the phrase, “You see us in the club sip sippin bub,” while Kesha preferred another one because she didn’t frequent clubs.
“I don’t give a sh*t what you want. If you were smart you would go in and sing it,” Dr. Luke allegedly told Kesha, according to Cornia. She added that Dr. Luke refused to discuss the lyrics with her client. “He refused to come downstairs (‘she wears the pants in MY house?’) so we left.”


 Kesha Performs Bob Dylan's 'It Ain't Me Babe'








































13 Photos »


The emails follow Kesha’s initial allegations that Dr. Luke’s verbal attacks about weight drove her to an eating disorder. When Kesha first filed a lawsuit against Dr. Luke for emotional, physical and sexual abuse, she claimed that Dr. Luke once told her she looked “like a f**king refrigerator.”
Dr. Luke since denied the allegations and filed a defamation suit in New York.
Update — Feb. 16, 2:30 p.m. ET:
Dr. Luke’s lawyer Christine Lepera released the following statement about the emails to Us Weekly:
“Kesha and her attorneys continue to mislead by refusing to disclose the larger record of evidence showing the bad faith of Kesha Sebert and her representatives, which is greatly damaging to them. It also shows the tremendous support that Dr. Luke provided Kesha regarding artistic and personal issues, including Kesha’s own concerns over her weight. Rather than agree to a thorough disclosure, Kesha and her representatives improperly publicized, without court permission, three out-of-context emails, which do not present the full picture regarding the events they concern. Dr. Luke looks forward to full vindication in court.”
Kesha, 29, is currently seeking to be released from her recording contract with Dr. Luke, which she signed when she was only 18. The contract stipulated that she cannot record any new music outside of Dr. Luke’s purview.
The parties are scheduled for a telephone conference with a judge next week.


Kesha Performs with Zedd at Coachella








































6 Photos »


/n