Court Battle Turns Nasty! Sofia’s Ex Demands Lawyer Be JAILED In Embryo Fight/n
Sofia Vergara‘s ex-fiancé Nick Loeb is demanding the actress’ lawyer be thrown in jail for five days, accusing the man of violating a confidential court order in the former couple’s embryo battle.
As Radar previously reported, Loeb and Vergara have been battling it out in court for over two years. The couple planned on having children via a surrogate and previously went through the first part of the process. They later broke up, leaving the embryos (two girls Loeb named Emma and Isabella) in limbo.
Loeb later sued the actress, demanding she be blocked from destroying the embryos because he had already developed a strong emotional attachment to his unborn daughters.
PHOTOS: Sofia Vergara Gives Husband Joe Manganiello A Major Surprise For His 40th Birthday
Meanwhile, Vergara pleaded with the court to shut her ex down, pointing to the couple’s agreement stating both parties have to sign off before an embryo can be used.
Then on July 13, Loeb headed back to court, seeking to have Vergara’s lawyer sanctioned for his alleged actions — and thrown in jail for five days.
If Loeb gets his way, Vergara’s lawyer, Fred Silberberg, will have to show cause on why he should not be found in contempt of court for violating a protective order signed back in 2015 (from a separate legal battle filed by Loeb against Sofia in Louisiana).
PHOTOS: Road To The Altar! Sofia Vergara & Joe Manganiello’s Wedding Plans Revealed –– 15 ‘I Do’ Details
Loeb argued the order was violated when Silberberg filed highly confidential documents from the Louisiana litigation — including his entire deposition and quotes from the transcript in the body of the lawsuit — despite the documents being under seal by the Louisiana Court.
The actress’ ex believes Vergara’s lawyer should be found guilty of contempt for willfully disobeying the order, claiming the court issue cost him $8,742 in costs and attorney fees — which he wants Silberberg to pay!
Loeb is also demanding Vergara’s lawyer be locked up in jail for five days for his alleged violations, claiming the misconduct caused him immediate and ongoing harm.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n