Ben’s Boozy Babe! Affleck’s New Girlfriend Has History Of Alcohol Trouble/n
Ben Affleck completed two stints in rehab for alcohol abuse – and his new girlfriend has a history of trouble with booze as well. RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal Lindsay Shookus was once hit with a drinking charge.
In court papers obtained from Orange County Court in North Carolina, Shookus received a citation on March 26, 2000 for minor in possession of a malt beverage. Court papers state the Saturday Night Live producer was 19/20-years-old at the time.
SEE THE PROOF!
The case was disposed on May 2, 2000.
As Radar readers know, Affleck has struggled with alcohol abuse throughout the years.
He completed a 30-day rehab program for alcohol abuse in July 2001.
In March 2017, he revealed over Facebook that he completed treatment for alcohol addiction again.
PHOTOS: Marriage Trouble? Ben Affleck & Jen Garner Living Separate Lives – Troubled Pair Not Seen Together In 31 Days
“I want my kids to know there is no shame in getting help when you need it, and to be a source of strength for anyone out there who needs help but is afraid to take the first step,” he wrote. “I’m lucky to have the love of my family and friends, including my co-parent, Jen, who has supported me and cared for our kids as I’ve done the work I set out to do. This was the first of many steps being taken towards a positive recovery.”
Jennifer Garner filed for divorce from the actor in April 2017, almost two years after they announced their separation one day after their 10th wedding anniversary.
As reported, Affleck, 44, met Shookus, 37, while hosting SNL when he was still married to Garner.
PHOTOS: Jen Garner Reveals Why She’ll ‘Hang In There’ With Ben Affleck Despite His Shenanigans — Shocking Interview In 7 Clicks
“There was an immediate spark,” a source told Radar. “Ben and Lindsay flirted and stayed in touch through Ben’s appearances on SNL.”
When Affleck and Garner separated, he reached out to Shookus and they began dating.
Garner, who shares children Violet, 11, Seraphina, 8, and Samuel, 5, with Affleck, learned of their relationship when a jewelry store called their home about a ring he had purchased his new love.
PHOTOS: Marriage Mystery! Ben Affleck Spotted Without His Wedding Ring, But Puts It Back On Days Later With Wife Jen Garner — 5 Bombshell Photos
“Jen met face-to-face with Lindsay and demanded she return the jewelry,” the source said. “Lindsay says she’d return it, but only if Ben asked for it back.”
Does the boozy bust surprise you? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n