WATCH: Prince William Swings into Action, Helps Fallen Dignitary Back to His Feet/n





                    Prince William Has Some Serious Dance Moves
                







Go off!

 MORE >>





Prince William and his informal rescue team helped out Jonathan Douglas-Hughes, the Vice Lord Lieutenant of Essex, when he accidentally tripped and fell while welcoming the royal couple.

William assisted in helping the dignitary back to his feet at Stewards Academy in Harlow on Friday (Sept. 16, 2016).





CREDIT: Chris Jackson/Getty Images


“I’m fine, thank you,” Douglas-Hughes told People after he was later seen with an ice pack on his wrist. “The duke was very concerned, but I reassured him I was perfectly all right.”





The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, William and Kate Middleton, respectively, visited Stewards Academy to advocate for mental health services in schools and to discuss how educators and parents can help support children through hard times. William wrote a blog post for Heads Together, the mental wellness campaign he shares with Middleton and Prince Harry, prior to their visit on Friday.
“For many young people, the changing schools or starting a new academic year is really difficult to deal with,” he wrote. “Catherine and I have young children who will be going through this themselves in a short period of time, and like all parents we will want to make sure that our children are not just able to achieve their academic potential at school but are also happy and emotionally supported.”


Kate Middleton and Prince William Visit the Eden Project








































8 Photos »


One of Middleton’s charities, Place2Be, helps provide mental health services to Stewards Academy, where the “emotional health of children is regarded as highly as the students’ academic performance.”
“All of us who are adults remember how daunting it was, but we sometimes take it for granted that children will be able to cope with the change,” William wrote.
Launch the gallery at the top of the page to see more photos of William assisting the dignitary and of Middleton battling that human moment when the wind sticks your hair to your face.





CREDIT: Chris Jackson/Getty Images


/n