Family Of Man Who Drowned In Demi Moore's Pool Files Wrongful Death Suit/n
The family of Edenilson Steven Valle, a college student who drowned in Demi Moore‘s swimming pool in 2015 while the actress was out of town, has filed a wrongful death lawsuit in Los Angeles, RadarOnline.com has learned.
According to reports, the 21-year-old’s parents claimed Valle arrived at a party at the mansion, warning those present that he could not swim.
Moore has not been named directly in the lawsuit, but Valle’s parents have sued house manager Lenny Hernandez, who hosted the party, as well as Bessy Wong, the business manager who serves as trustee of Moore’s Tree House Trust.
PHOTOS: Costars Canoodling! Joaquin Phoenix & Rooney Mara Caught On Romantic Getaway
“Lenny Hernandez knew there was drinking that night, and in fact she was serving alcohol at a party which was unsafe to host,” the lawsuit asserts.
“Police photos of the backyard show very serious lighting issues and numerous decorative rocks placed randomly for effect, creating abundant trip hazards,” the complaint alleges.
As Radar previously reported, authorities said Valle was missing for about 10-15 minutes until he was found by partygoers floating in the deep end of the water at Moore’s Oak Pass Road home at 5:15 a.m. early Sunday, and pronounced dead by officials 15 minutes later. The coroner later ruled his death an accident.
PHOTOS: Marriage In Crisis! Julia Roberts Caught Kissing Another Man
Moore, who was out of the country at the time, called Valle’s passing an “unthinkable tragedy” and said that her “heart goes out to this young man’s family and friends.” She later offered to pay for his funeral.
Shortly after his death, Valle’s friend Gabby Ventura told the New York Daily News that “he was a great kid” who “never got into any trouble” during their time attending Los Angeles’ University High School, where he graduated from three years before the incident.
Valle’s parents are seeking unspecified damages, according to reports.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n