Rob Kardashian Claims Blac Chyna Had a Threesome with T.I. and Tiny/n





                    Blac Chyna Accuses Rob Kardashian of Domestic Abuse
                







Yikes!

 MORE >>





Rob Kardashian isn’t done dragging Blac Chyna.

After leaking his ex-fiancée’s nudes online, the reality star continued to blast the mother of his child by reveal explicit details about her past sexual encounters. According to Rob, rapper T.I. paid Chyna to have a threesome with him and his wife, Tameka “Tiny” Cottle.
The shocking allegation was made after T.I. slammed Rob for publicly airing his family drama, writing on Instagram, “U got no moves bro.”



A post shared by ROBERT KARDASHIAN (@robkardashian) on Jul 5, 2017 at 11:00am PDT



“Since TI wanna chime in on business that don’t concern him let’s talk about the threesome you had with Chyna and your baby mama Tiny. Don’t speak on my daughter when u having threesomes with young Chy and Tiny,” Rob lashed back. “Chyna told me everything about your threesomes with you and her and Tiny. U got no moves bro.”
He added, “TI paid Chyna to have sex with Tiny and him.”
During his lengthy rant, Rob also accused of Chyna of cheating and doing drugs after giving birth to their 7-month-old daughter, Dream Kardashian. “I’m a savage and I always have been and I always will be and I don’t give a f**k,” the 30-year-old wrote. “All u may think my daughter may see this one day and I hope she does cuz this ain’t love. I never want my daughter to be raised by a woman like Chyna who cheats and does drugs and alcohol with my baby in the house. Chyna been like this long before me but I chose to love all of her cuz I don’t judge.”



A post shared by ROBERT KARDASHIAN (@robkardashian) on Jul 5, 2017 at 9:05am PDT






A post shared by ROBERT KARDASHIAN (@robkardashian) on Jul 5, 2017 at 9:05am PDT



“Second the baby was born she got body surgery I paid for and was gone from me and dreams life,” he continued. “My daughter is the best thing that happened to me and she will know that Chyna did this out of spite not love cuz she mad my little sister took her baby daddy.”
China since responded to Rob’s accusation by alleging she was abused during their relationship. “Rob u did all this but u beat me up and try act it never happen!!!!!” she wrote on Snapchat. “U put hand on me I swear on god!!!! On my kids but I’m supposed to be quiet because you’re a Kardashian. The light will come to the light.”



A post shared by ROBERT KARDASHIAN (@robkardashian) on Jul 5, 2017 at 8:20am PDT






A post shared by ROBERT KARDASHIAN (@robkardashian) on Jul 5, 2017 at 8:26am PDT



/n