Kylie Jenner's Famous Fam Flocks To Social Media To Wish Her Well On Her 20th Birthday!/n

Kylie Jenner has officially turned 20.
While the KarJenners already celebrated Kris Jenner's youngest's birthday early on Wednesday evening, the famous family took to the internet today (August 10) in order to make the Life Of Kylie star's name day EXTRA special. Awwwww.
Related: Kris Says Kylie Made $420 MILLION By Selling Lip Kits!
The lip kit mogul's momager led the well wishes charge as she shared a sweet collage of Kylie pics on her Instagram account. The KUWTK matriarch posted: 




Happy birthday my beauty, @Kyliejenner! 20 today!! I am so proud of the young woman you have become. Kind, generous, hard-working, funny and beautiful inside and out. You are one of a kind, and I'm grateful every day that God gave me you. I love being your mommy! There is so much ahead for you, my angel, and I can't wait to see what your 20s has in store!! I love you more than you will ever know! Mommy xoA post shared by Kris Jenner (@krisjenner) on Aug 10, 2017 at 7:23am PDT


So sweet. Of course, Kylie's sisters Kim Kardashian West, Khloé Kardashian, and Kendall Jenner all paid tribute to their baby sis on their respective apps.
Kenny was particularly nostalgic as she penned for her website and app:

"I hope you have the best birthday, Ky! I can't believe my little sister is officially not a teenager. We've had so many amazing memories over all the years. I love you!"
KoKo was also baffled by the fact that Ky is no longer a teenager, and even gave a shout to the youngster's mogul status. Specifically, the Revenge Body personality wrote on her site:

"Happy birthday, Kylie! I cannot believe my youngest sister is turning 20! I'm so impressed by you and how much you've already accomplished. You're such a little mogul. I love you!!!"
Keeks had a sweet note for Kylie too as she shared with her subscribers:

"Happy 20th birthday, Kylie!!! I'm so proud of all that you have accomplished and I'm so inspired by how hard you work every day. I hope you have the best birthday! Love you!"
Eldest sister Kourtney Kardashian has yet to share a birthday message for Kylie, but that's probably because she's busy in Egypt with her boyfriend, Younes Bendjima. And, since brother Rob Kardashian's IG page was taken down following his revenge porn outburst, we doubt he'll post anything online!
As for Kylie's dad, Caitlyn Jenner, we'll give the I Am Cait star until the end of the day before we start judging her for her social media silence. Happy birthday, Kylie!!
[Image via Judy Eddy/Patricia Schlein/WENN.]
/n