Jackson Family ‘At War’ Over Michael Forever Tribute Concert/n
By Jen Heger – Radar Legal Editor
The Jackson family is at war over the Michael Forever Tribute Concert, and a major contributing factor is Katherine Jackson‘s decision to have Michael’s three children attend the event, RadarOnline.com is exclusively reporting.
The concert is scheduled to take place in Wales, Great Britain on October 8, 2011.
Michael’s brothers Jermaine and Randy are also upset about the timing of the concert, because Dr. Conrad Murray‘s involuntary manslaughter trial will be going on at the same time.
PHOTOS:  Michael Jackson Through The Years
As RadarOnline.com previously reported Murray, who worked as Jackson’s personal physician, has been charged in connection with his former client’s death.
“Randy and Jermaine just don’t think it’s a good idea for Katherine, who is 81 years old, to fly all the way over to Britain for the concert, along with Michael’s children.
“Prince and Paris need to stay in school, and not be used for publicity. Jermaine is very concerned about his mother’s health because of the stress she is under with the upcoming trial of Dr. Murray. Katherine has vowed to be at the trial as much as possible, and her sons are concerned about the toll that all of this is taking on her,” a source close to the situation tells RadarOnline.com.
PHOTOS: Stage Shots of Michael Jackson Performing
According to the terms and conditions for the sale of the tickets on the website for the concert, it states: “Michael’s mother Mrs. Katherine Jackson has agreed to attend the Concert with as many of Michael’s children as are available.”
Christina Aguilera, Cee Lo Green, Leona Lewis, and Smokey Robinson are scheduled to perform at the concert.
 
RELATED STORIES:
Nine Of Michael Jackson’s Former Docs Could Be Called As Witnesses In Dr. Conrad Murray Trial
Katherine Jackson’s Attorneys Seeking $350,000 From Michael’s Estate
Michael Jackson’s Forgotten Fortune: Secret Art Collection Uncovered & Valued At $900M /n