Natalie Wood Curse! Late Star's Niece Dies After Massive Heart Attack/n
Lana Wood has told RadarOnline.com exclusively that her beloved daughter, Evan Maldonado, died on Tuesday after spending a week in a coma following a massive heart attack. She was just 42.
Tragically, the death comes just two days before her late sister Natalie Wood’s birthday.
“We gave Evan the last rites and then we turned off her life support,” a tearful Lana, 71, told Radar. “She was declared brain dead yesterday.”
PHOTOS: Your Favorite Holiday Movies Exposed!
“The hospital kept giving me a sliver of hope. I knew it was wrong, but I wanted it to be true. So I hung on for a week. It’s rough. I feel like I’ve been very, very beaten. I hurt from head to toe with the pain of losing my daughter.”
Lana told Radar that the hospital gave the family four hours to remove her daughter’s body.
“We freaked out. We called all these mortuaries and finally one answered and came and got her.”
PHOTOS: 15 Shocking Hollywood Murders
As Radar previously reported, Evan was diagnosed with cancer, and had been fighting a recurrence of the disease when she had a massive heart attack in her home and was rushed to the hospital.
“She didn’t do anything to anyone,” Lana cried to Radar. “She didn’t deserve this.”
She leaves behind three children, including her daughter, Daphne, who Lana said is devastated by her mother’s death.
PHOTOS: Hollywood’s Top 10 Most Scandalous True Crime Cases
“She just wanted her mom to see her graduate from high school. All of the kids are freaking out,” Lana continued.
As Radar previously reported, Evan’s son Nicholas was arrested at the hospital after allegedly threatening a nurse who was taking care of his mother.
Lana said the only good thing to come from her daughter’s death was that she was with her aunt in Heaven.
“I think she is with Natalie now. Natalie’s got her. It was so sad that it happened just before Natalie’s birthday [July 20].”
Lana asked that any well-wishers visit her GoFundMe page for a memorial service for her daughter.
“I just want things to be pretty for her. She wanted to be remembered as she was when she was healthy, not sick.”
Lana’s sister Natalie died tragically by drowning at just 43 in 1981.
Stay with Radar for updates to the story.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n