World Leaders Regroup Amid Shocking Paris Terrorist Attacks/n
RadarOnline.com has all the latest details amid the aftermath of Friday’s terrorist attack in Paris that left 129 people dead, marking the country’s worst post-World War II attack.
Manhunt Ongoing For Prime Suspect
Abdelhamid Abaaoud remains at large, according to officials who have dubbed the Belgian as the catalyst behind Friday’s rampage. Authorities have also connected Abaaoud to unsuccessful plots to unleash violence in Paris on a train, and at an area church. Abaaoud has an international arrest warrant in his name, as French authorities took seven Belgium natives in custody in connection with the Paris attacks.
Major Suspect Remains At Large
Fugitive Salah Abdeslam remains at large, amid earlier reports that he had been captured in the Belgian suburb of Molenbeek after a raid on a building believed to be a hideout for terrorists, local officials said Monday. Abdeslam infamously escaped from authorities at the France-Belgium border in the wake of the attacks Friday. Officials told locals to stay in their homes. One of the attackers was traced to Molenbeek, authorities said, as Belgian Prime Minister Charles Michel has called the town a “giant problem” in the ongoing war against terrorism.
PHOTOS: Grinning Terrorist: Unseen Images Of Osama Bin Laden’s Original Hideout – His Headquarters In 9 Pics
G-20 Summit
World leaders including British Prime Minister David Cameron, German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius united in Antalya, Turkey for a G-20 summit Monday to discuss their ongoing plans in regards to ISIS and Syria following Friday’s attack. The leaders engaged in a moment of silence as black ribbons were present at the venue. French President Francois Hollande remained in Paris, at Sorbonne University, amid the country’s ongoing state of emergency.
Britain Doubling Down In War Against Terrorism
Cameron on Monday said that aviation security resources will be doubled to more than $13.7 million, and more than 1,900 security officials will be added in the wake of the Paris attacks. The British leader noted to the BBC that rampages in major cities were “the sort of thing we warned about,” and the increases in personnel and funding are in direct response to that.
PHOTOS: Terrorist Or Sadist? Why Evil Germanwings Co-Pilot Intentionally Crashed Flight — 10 Secrets From The Investigation
Massive Raids
Authorities in France Monday conducted raids on 168 locations, detained 24 people and put 104 under house arrest. According to French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve, the raids are “just a start” as the country looks to crack down on the underground terrorist element. “These operations are going to continue, the response of the Republic will be huge, will be total,” Cazeneuve said. “The one who targets the Republic, the Republic will catch him, will be implacable.”
Thwarted Olympics Attack
On Monday, Russian counter-terrorism authorities revealed details of a foiled act of terrorism linked to last year’s Winter Olympics in Sochi. Deputy Foreign Minister Oleg Syromolotov told Russia’s parliamentary leaders that two women — suicide bombers — were detained in Austria and France, amid suspicion they had plotted to hide explosives in hand cream in order to sneak it onto a plane. Earlier this year, Russian security officials credited countries including the U.S., France and Germany for helping prevent possible terrorist attacks at the high-profile event. /n