Fyre Festival Organizers Sued for $100 Million/n





                    Ja Rule Responds to Fyre Festival Backlash: It's 'Not a Scam'
                







It's not lit. 

 MORE >>





Burn, baby, burn.

 Ja Rule and Billy McFarland, the organizers of the ill-fated Fyre Festival, has just been slapped with $100 million class action lawsuit for failing to deliver what was advertised to ticket holders, claiming a “lack of adequate food, water, shelter, and medical care” were provided to attendees at the three-day event on the Exuma islands in the Bahamas.
Filed by celebrity attorney Mark Geragos and would-be concert goer Daniel Jung, the lawsuit alleges the festival “was nothing more than a get-rich-quick scam from the very beginning” and organizers ““intended to fleece attendees for hundreds of millions of dollars by inducing them to fly to a remote island without food, shelter or water — and without regard to what might happen to them after that.” The plaintiff — who claims the debacle left guests “stranded on a remote island without basic provisions ― that was closer to The Hunger Games or Lord of the Flies than Coachella” — is seeking punitive damages for alleged fraud, breach of contract, breach of covenant of good faith and negligent misrepresentation.

This sums up Fyre Festival. #fyre #fyrefestival #fyrefest pic.twitter.com/x4xcFBL8Yg
— William N. Finley IV (@WNFIV) April 28, 2017

As attendees who purchased for wristbands and travel packages were promised luxury accommodations, gourmet catering and performances from acts like Blink-182  Migos, Lil Yachty and Major Lazer. However, many discovered upon arrival that hardly any infrastructure was set up and the so-called villas and “modern, eco-friendly, geodesic domes” lacked plumbing, electricity, security, and staff.
Social media quickly became flooded by complaints comparing the event to a “disaster” similar to a “refugee camp” as hundreds of people struggled to find a way off the remote tropical island.
In the legal documents, the plaintiff also accuses organizers of continuing to sell VIP packages despite knowing full well they did not have the resources fulfill what was advertised. “More troublingly, Mr. McFarland and Mr. Atkins began personally reaching out to performers and celebrities in advance of the festival and warned them not to attend—acknowledging the fact that the festival was outrageously underequipped and potentially dangerous for anyone in attendance,” the lawsuit claims.

The dinner that @fyrefestival promised us was catered by Steven Starr is literally bread, cheese, and salad with dressing. #fyrefestival pic.twitter.com/I8d0UlSNbd
— Tr3vor (@trev4president) April 28, 2017


Ja Rule since spoke out about the festival fail, insisting to fans that it was not his intention to leave guests stranded without a place to stay. “I don’t know how everything went so left but I’m working to make it right by making sure everyone is refunded…I truly apologize as this is NOT MY FAULT… but I’m taking responsibility I’m deeply sorry to everyone who was inconvenienced by this,” he tweeted.
Model Bella Hadid, who was heavily featured in the festival’s adverts, also broke her silence. Having been one of the many “influencers” invited to Great Exuma last year to “test” and give their opinions about the exclusive festival, she apologized for being a part of the debacle.
“I initially trusted this would be an amazing & memorable experience for all of us, which is why I agreed to do the promotion,” she wrote in an Instagram post. “I feel so sorry and badly because this is something I couldn’t stand by, although of course if I would have known about the outcome, you would have all known too.”

❤️… pic.twitter.com/5XqHXBGIn9
— Bella Hadid (@bellahadid) April 29, 2017

/n