Paul Wesley Has an Interesting Vampire Diaries Ending in Mind for Steroline How was directing this episode different than the others you've done? I think there are some really nice, good moments between Candice and Matt Davis. I think t.../n
Paul Wesley has directed five episodes of The Vampire Diaries, but tonight's outing, "Detoured On Some Random Backwoods Path to Hell," is (sadly) his last."This is the last one that I'll ever do—on this show," he tells E! News. Not because he doesn't want to direct anymore, but because the show is ending (duh). In fact, Wesley already has a gig lined up directing an episode of Freeform's Shadowhunters in March.But right now, he's enjoying filming the final few episodes of TVD—they're on season eight's 13th episode, right now (out of 16)—and hopped on the phone with us to discuss his directing ambitions and whether Stefan and Caroline (Candice King) can have a happy ending.

E! News: Was knowing you were directing your last episode a little bittersweet?Wesley: Yeah, for sure, to a degree—I think it's run its course and all things must end, but yeah of course! It wasn't really my goodbye, because of course I did go back to filming literally the next day. So it's not like I was saying goodbye to everyone forever. I think it'll be a little different when it's the actual finale finale. Forever.

How was directing this episode different than the others you've done?I think there are some really nice, good moments between Candice and Matt Davis. I think they did some really good, human things that were less about the sort of supernatural of it all and more in line with human emotions. Two people trying to parent kids yet they're not together. It's a bit of an homage to—obviously this is on a completely different level—but almost like a Kramer vs Kramer or something. Just some cool scenes about parents and kids as opposed to it being about witches and, you know, goblins.

Speaking of Caroline and Alaric, how will their issues affect Caroline and Stefan's relationship?I think she realizes her kids need to come first. I think she has that realization and I think that kind of changes the way she approaches things.Are Caroline and Stefan going to make it down the aisle?I don't know! If they aren't, it's unbeknownst to me, but I think at this point it would be weird if they didn't. We've certainly talked about it enough. I think it would be cooler if they didn't because it would throw people for a loop, I think people are kind of expecting it at this point, but probably, we can surmise [they are]!

Stefan will confront the newest villain, Cade, in the next few weeks. What is he like?He appears in the flesh for the first time in my episode. [The actor, Wolé Parks, is] a really nice guy. My whole thing is underplay, underplay, so I didn't want him to be this crazy villain twirling his mustache. He was just super charming, and he's a very charming guy, so he took a very charming approach to it which I think is the right approach.

You're directing more, including an episode of Shadowhunters in March.That's something I'm very passionate about.But you're still going to be acting, too, right?Of course! That's my thing. I've been doing it for 20 years! [Laughs] I don't think I can ever [give it up], to be honest with you. I don't know! For me, I don't know what else I would do. I'd just be bored.

What will we see from Stefan as the show begins to wrap up?I think we'll definitely see a bit of darkness in Stefan and I think that's very exciting to play, obviously. It's a lot of fun!Things don't go well for him when he gets dark, though. Is there a danger of him staying that way?I don't know. I don't think forever, but I think it would be shortchanging everyone if he didn't explore his dark side, since he is a blood-sucking creature of the night.The Vampire Diaries airs Fridays at 8 p.m. on The CW.
/n