Trisha Yearwood: How I Keep Garth Happy!/n
“Thinkin’ About You” is more than a song title to Trisha Yearwood — it’s her mantra when it comes to keeping hubby Garth Brooks happy!
“I have been able to put 100 percent into this relationship, and it’s been wonderful,” says Trisha, 52, explaining that making Garth top priority is her secret to marriage success.
“My career has to accommodate my life.”
PHOTOS: Country Music Mayhem: Cheaters, Boozers, Losers & Liars Revealed!
As Garth, 55, succinctly puts it, “She spoils me to death!”
Trisha clearly ascribes to the adage that the way to a man’s heart is through his tummy, because she’s always whipping up his favorites, from a German chocolate cake for his last birthday to “anything with mashed potatoes,” the star of “Trisha’s Southern Kitchen” reveals.
The superstar country couple, who exchanged marriage vows back in 2005, also credits liking as much as loving each other for their relationship’s longevity. “When we’re not all lovey-dovey and passionate, we’re still best friends,” Trisha says.
Of course, when they met way back in 1987, Trisha and Garth had no choice but to be buddies, because both were married to other people!
PHOTOS: John Travolta On ‘American Crime Story’ Set Amid ‘Fake’ Marriage Rumors & Scientology Scandals
Trisha had wed sound engineer Christopher Latham that year and, after they split, tied the knot with musician Robert Reynolds.
Meanwhile, Garth was trying to make it work with first wife Sandy Mahl, who he married in 1986. After 15 years together, however, their divorce was granted in 2001.
After Garth’s troubled union went bust, he and Trisha could finally explore those long-put-off, more-than-friendly feelings!
Then, on May 25, 2005 — while on stage at Buck Owens Crystal Palace in Bakersfield, Calif. — Garth proposed to Trisha in front of 7,000 screaming fans.
PHOTOS: Marriage In Crisis! Julia Roberts Caught Kissing Another Man
She said yes.
While Trisha was ecstatic she’d finally found true love, she didn’t expect it to be easy because she would soon become stepmom to Garth’s three now-grown daughters: Taylor, 24; August, 23; and Allie, who’s now 20!
“It was scary,” Trisha admits. “I’m madly in love with this guy, and this is the deal. I was really scared of them at first!”
PHOTOS: So Twisted! Courtney Stodden’s Mom Admits Doug Hutchison Marriage Was A Mistake
Fortunately, Trisha won the girls over, and they’re all one big, happy family now.
Though Trisha surely gets an E for effort, Garth also pulls his weight to keep this romance sweet and solid.
For one thing, he’s the consummate gentleman.
“When I’m without him, I just sit in the car because nobody is there to open my door!” Trisha laughs.
And while life on the road can be tough on a marriage, these two can roll with it!
They often go on tour together, and as Garth likes to say, “Wherever that woman is at is home to me!”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n