'Bachelorette' Frontrunner Jordan Rodgers BLINDSIDED By Heartbreaking Loss/n
Warning: Spoiler Alert
Jordan Rodgers suffered a heartbreaking loss following his stint on The Bachelorette, but it has nothing to do with JoJo Fletcher. RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned Rodgers’ grandfather passed away.
Charles Herbert Pittman died unexpectedly on May 27, 2016 at the age of 87, his obituary reads.
The former NHL player turned to social media to pay tribute to his beloved grandfather.
PHOTOS: The Hottest Stars Of The Bachelor And Bachelorretes
“Had to say a final goodbye today to the greatest man I have ever known,” Rodgers, 27, posted alongside a photo of his grandfather, “Charles Pittman to most, G-Pa to me, and the finest example of selflessness, loving sacrifice, and hard work this world will ever know. Thank you grandpa for the years of pancakes, Eskimo pies, football games you never missed no matter how far, phone calls during playoffs, night walks on my week with you every summer and most of all for giving my life purpose and for defining the type of man I aspire to be.”
He added, “I only hope that someday I can love as deeply and selflessly as you showed me and someday I will stand at your grave and tell my kids about your legacy, tell them stories of the greatest man I have ever known.”





 Had to say a final goodbye today to the greatest man I have ever known. Charles Pittman to most, G-Pa to me, and the finest example of selflessness, loving sacrifice, and hard work this world will ever know. Thank you grandpa for the years of pancakes, Eskimo pies, football games you never missed no matter how far, phone calls during playoffs, night walks on my week with you every summer and most of all for giving my life purpose and for defining the type of man I aspire to be. God truly broke the mold after you, and I will forever remember how fiercely you loved grandma, I never saw you two together that you weren't holding her hand and putting her first. Those hands which were always rough and callused from a hard days work yet so gentle and loving. Those hands that built a life for our family. I only hope that someday I can love as deeply and selflessly as you showed me and someday I will stand at your grave and tell my kids about your legacy, tell them stories of the greatest man I have ever known. I love you G-pa, and I can't wait till we see each other again someday in a better place. I know you are already up there doing handy work for the big man and surely cleaning your plate and going back for seconds! My heart will always have a void that only you could fill. I already miss you so much… ・・・ @thelukerodgers with a beautiful tribute as well…"Grandpa could build anything, fix anything and do anything. He was mountain and mountains aren't supposed to die. He gave the world 87 years and spent 65 of them married to my grandma. The seven days since his passing is the longest my grandma has spent without him since they met. Grandpa you're my hero. You're everything I want to be. Your life is legendary. Your legacy untouchable." #love #family #legacy
A photo posted by Jordan Rodgers (@jrodgers11) on Jun 3, 2016 at 8:09pm PDT



The passing comes during the happiest time in Rodgers’ life. According to Reality Steve, he is currently engaged to JoJo Fletcher after fighting for her heart on The Bachelorette. 
The Bachelorette airs Mondays at 8/9c on ABC. /n