John David Duggar’s FINALLY Courting & You Won’t Believe Who It’s With/nAccording to an insider, the reality star spends very little time at home in Arkansas these days and instead splits his time between pilot training classes in Mississippi and courting his mystery woman in Texas.“They don't talk about it,” the source told The Hollywood Gossip. “Everything with John David is sort of the QT, same as with Jana…Everything they do is very, very, very secretive.”John’s courtship news follows Jinger’s seemingly slip of the lip in a deleted scene from Counting On when she alluded to John being in some sort of relationship.“I guess people say that I know the most about John’s relationship status," Jinger replied after being asked about her brother's current courtship-status. "My answer to that, the info I know, is ask John. It’s true. My lips are sealed.”While she didn’t technically reveal that John’s courting someone, she did admit that there’s some sort of secret she’s keeping for her older brother.When do you think the family will announce John’s big courtship news? Sound off in the comments! According to an insider, the reality star spends very little time at home in Arkansas these days and instead splits his time between pilot training classes in Mississippi and courting his mystery woman in Texas.“They don't talk about it,” the source told The Hollywood Gossip. “Everything with John David is sort of the QT, same as with Jana…Everything they do is very, very, very secretive.”John’s courtship news follows Jinger’s seemingly slip of the lip in a deleted scene from Counting On when she alluded to John being in some sort of relationship.“I guess people say that I know the most about John’s relationship status," Jinger replied after being asked about her brother's current courtship-status. "My answer to that, the info I know, is ask John. It’s true. My lips are sealed.”While she didn’t technically reveal that John’s courting someone, she did admit that there’s some sort of secret she’s keeping for her older brother.When do you think the family will announce John’s big courtship news? Sound off in the comments! /n