‘Dating Game’ Serial Killer Rodney Alcala Confesses To Two More Murders/n
By Radar Staff
It has taken him up to four decades to admit it but notorious California serial killer Rodney Alcala has finally confessed to the 1970s murders of two New York women.
The shaggy-haired 69-year-old stood in a Manhattan courtroom on Friday and pled guilty to the 1971 rape and murder of TWA flight attendant Cornelia Crilley and the 1977 slaying of Hollywood nightclub heiress, Ellen Hover.
Both women were 23 and their crimes languished in the cold case files until a Manhattan grand jury indicted him in January 2011.
PHOTOS: Celebs Involved In Murder
But Alcala only pled guilty to the horrific murders as part of a calculated move to return to the west coast to fight the California death sentence he received nearly three years ago. In February 2010 the creepy photographer was found guilty of killing four women and a 12-year-old girl between 1977 and 1979.
Initially, when asked by Manhattan Supreme Court Justice Bonnie Wittner if he wanted to end the New York case on Friday, Alcala said: “No, I don’t.”
PHOTOS: The Most Intriguing Cold Cases In History
His stance changed, however, after the judge said there was no guarantee he could get a laptop and “unlimited use” of the jail “library” along with “five cartons of [legal] materials” to fight his California death sentence while behind bars in New York.
According to the NY Post, after whispering with his lawyer, Alcala told the judge that because he couldn’t “have the use of the laptop…I’ll go ahead and enter the plea.”
PHOTOS: Most Notorious American Murder Trials
In January he is expected to receive a 25-year sentence.
As RadarOnline.compreviously reported, Alcala was dubbed The Dating Game serial killer because he was the winning bachelor on a 1978 episode of the show.
PHOTOS: Josh Powell’s Murdered Sons Are Laid To Rest
Seven years earlier Crilley was found raped and strangled in her Upper East Side apartment. And it now transpires Alcala murdered Hover who was found in 1978, 11 months after she disappeared in July 1977.
RELATED STORIES:
PHOTOS: Josh Powell’s Murdered Sons Are Laid To Rest
Cops: Jovan Belcher Slept Outside Home Of Other ‘Girlfriend’ Hours Before Murder-Suicide
Outrage! Fox News Host Says Female Victims Of Domestic Violence Should ‘Make Better Decisions’
Susan Powell Was ‘Creeped Out’ By Father-In-Law Steven, Says Brother-In-La /n