Jenna Fischer Wants Kids More Since Becoming an Aunt/n
Jenna Fischer has babies on the brain.   
That’s not too surprising, considering her character, Pam, on The Office and her sister Emily both had kids recently – which got Fischer thinking more about becoming a mom herself.   
“I already wanted kids, but even more so now,” the actress, 36, tells Redbook in its March issue, on newsstands Feb. 15.  
PHOTOS: 2011: The Year of the Baby
Due to a stroke of luck, Fischer enjoyed plenty of quality time with her niece as a newborn, and was hooked. “When Cecelia was 3 weeks old, Pam was on maternity leave, so I had a whole week off to spend with her,” she says. “I took charge of the night feedings. It was so awesome: Every night at 9:30, I’d say, ‘You guys go to sleep now.’ I wanted CeCe all to myself. We really bonded.”   
Fischer doesn’t say when she and her husband, the writer Lee Kirk, might have kids of their own. But she does talk about finding Kirk after a period of dating following her divorce from first husband James Gunn.   
“I thought I’d go wild with freedom, but instead I pretty much did what I did in college – stay home with my cat,” Fischer says of dating, with a laugh. “I didn’t want to waste time flitting around. I remember going out with one cute and funny guy. I thought, We could have a really fun eight months, but that’s eight months I’m taking away from finding Mr. Right. I can’t afford that. So I ended it.”   
It turned out the right guy was there all along. “I was having weekly script dinners with Lee, and I realized, I’m looking at basically the perfect man. It doesn’t get better than this,” she says.   
One thing Fischer says she’s learned about marriage – that falling in love isn’t enough to make it work.   
“I’d start to fall for someone and think, But that’s not a good match,” she says. “The fluttery feelings aren’t enough. When I was younger, I thought you married the person you fell in love with the most. But as [my ex-husband and I] learned what we wanted, I realized there was a whole other set of criteria. You have to ask, Do we have the same goals?”     
/n