 Surviving Toddler 'Will Be Fine,' Reveals Grandmother Of Children Allegedly Murdered By.../n
By Debbie Emery – Radar Reporter
The family of the children allegedly murdered by their New York nanny is still coming to terms with their loss in what their grandmother has called, “a horror story,” while shielding their remaining child from the devastation.
As RadarOnline.com previously reported, Yoselyn Ortega allegedly committed the horrific slayings of two-year-old Leo and Lucia Krim, six, who were found by their mother stabbed to death in a bathtub in their Manhattan apartment on October 25.
PHOTOS: Celebs Involved In Murder
Kevin and Marina Krim‘s middle child, three-year-old Nessie, was at swim class with her mom when the deadly carnage took place at the family home, and her parents have since done their upmost to protect her from the shocking aftermath.
“I have seen her and she will be fine, she has wonderful parents,” the children’s paternal grandmother Karen Krim told RadarOnline.com in an exclusive interview on Wednesday from her home in Camarillo, California. “She will have lots of love and will be fine.
PHOTOS: Stars Who Died In Bizarre Ways 
“Under the circumstances, we are all doing as well as can be expected,” revealed the 68-year-old.
Hundreds of black-clad mourners gathered in New York City on Monday to remember the two children. The emotional memorial service was held at Avery Hall, where the Krims said goodbye to their beloved babies and joined with loved ones to “celebrate the beautiful lives,” reported the New York Daily News.
“It is important to us that they are remembered as the sweet, creative, and fun-loving children they were,” the Krims said in a statement.
PHOTOS: America’s Unknown Psycho Serial Killers
Security at the service was kept tight for the protection of Nessie’s emotional and physical well-being. “It is of utmost importance to us that she is afforded the opportunity to grow up privately, like any other kid,” revealed her protective parents.
The Krims are already planning how they want their Leo and Lucia (aka Lulu) to be remembered and have created the Lulu & Leo Fund to help support art and science programs for children.
PHOTOS: Most Notorious American Murder Trials
Meanwhile, the 50-year-old woman who devastated their family spoke to investigators on Saturday from her bed at the New York-Presbyterian/Weill Cornell Medical Center, where she revealed the great resentment she had for her employers and complained that they “were always telling her what to do.”
The Dominican Republic native, who was not on medication during the interview, came off as “spacy” during the hospital room chat, investigators told the New York Times. She had worked for the Krims for two years and relatives said they treated her like family. She has been charged with two counts each of first and second degree murder in the slayings.
 
RELATED STORIES:
Mourners Gather On Both Coasts To Remember Children Allegedly Slain By NY Nanny
Accused Nanny Killer Complained Bosses ‘Were Always Telling Her What To Do’
N.Y. Nanny Charged With Murder In Brutal Stabbing Of Two Children In Her Care
Added Housework May Have Pushed Nanny To Allegedly Murder Kids /n