Rumer Willis Witnesses Pot Bust/n
Rumer Willis may have escaped the long arm of the law, but she'll still have to answer to a rather intimidating authority: papa Bruce Willis.The 18-year-old second-generation thespian was present in a Maryland hotel room Wednesday when a 32-year-old man was busted on a misdemeanor charge of marijuana possession, police confirmed to E! Online.The spawn of Bruce Willis and Demi Moore, and stepdaughter of Ashton Kutcher, was one of several people congregating in room 119 at the La Quinta Inn in Aberdeen, Maryland, when local police responded to a noise complaint filed by a fellow guest. The younger Willis is in town to shoot a part in the independent film From Within.According to Sgt. Kirk Bane of the Aberdeen Police Department, officers arriving at the scene detected the odor of marijuana before entering the room. Once inside, they found a "small amount" of weed and a smoking device on the table.Christopher Alan Henry, the local man to whom the room was registered, was the only person to be arrested and charged. According to the Baltimore Sun, Henry is currently working as the key grip on From Within. The psychological thriller, which also stars Heroes' Thomas Dekker, revolves around a small town whose teenagers appear to be systematically committing suicide.It's unclear how many people were present in the room for the buzzkill bust, though Bane said that as far as the Aberdeen police are concerned, the case is closed, and Willis' record will remain pristine."The investigation into this incident has been completed. There will not be any additional charges or any other persons charged," he said in a statement.While Willis managed to avoid charges, she has become a fixture on the Hollywood party scene, prompting her dad to issue a warning.Bruce Willis says in the July issue of Playboy magazine that he and Moore had warned their girls about experimenting with drugs, claiming alcoholism runs in their family."We have an ongoing conversation," he said. "They have the gene, and we warn them: 'You have a predisposition to be an alcoholic.' It's on her side of the family and mine. It's something to be aware of. My kids are strongly antidrug."Rumer Willis is expected to remain in Maryland until shooting wraps Aug. 9. After that, she's expected to join her dad and Mischa Barton for An Assassination of a High School President, about an SAT theft ring. 
/n