Years Before the Jong Show, Edna O'brien Invented the Erotic Quasi Autobiography/n
Many U.S. readers regard the literary discovery of woman’s sexuality as some kind of exclusive Jong show, but the fact is that Ireland’s Edna O’Brien was already doing it—and maybe more artfully—when Erica was still a freshman in college. O’Brien’s first novel in 1960, The Country Girls, which revealed that even colleens have carnal needs, was denounced from pulpits and banned in her native land. But in London, where she had moved two years earlier, Edna became the darling of elevated consciousnesses and developed into Ireland’s foremost female novelist.
Even now, with her eighth and latest novel, I Hardly Knew You, O’Brien still has the power to shock. Subtitled a “novel of passion,” the book graphically explores an affair between a middle-aged woman and a young man she ultimately murders. The London gossip columns identified a friend of her sons’ as the prototype for the fictional lover. Edna maintains that her characters are more often composites and that this one emerged from exposure to her sons’ friends. “Autobiography of the soul, of one’s own inner journey” is what she calls her writing. Her ex-husband, novelist Ernest (The Plymouth Adventure) Gebler, 16 years after their split, sums it up differently. “It’s all the same book, over and over again,” he yawns. “She has to be the lovely child who is wronged by the world.” What galls him is that O’Brien keeps mischievously slipping allusions to him into each novel. “It’s a sort of game with her,” he says, un-amused, adding he wishes she’d remarry “to get me out of her books.”
The 13-years-older Gebler was a father figure, admits O’Brien, though she believes all later loves are “mere reflections of our first love.” Hers, she says, were the Lord and her mother. The mother, who spent eight émigré years as a maid and shop girl in Brooklyn, returned to Tuamgraney, County Clare, to marry and bear five children (one died). Edna, the youngest, says flat out, “My childhood was unhappy. I didn’t love my father, and I didn’t have his love,” claiming that he devoted excessive attention to horses and whiskey. From the age of 3 she was scribbling stories on scraps of paper and by 9 had completed a novel about a wicked father whose daughter was imprisoned by a gypsy gang. Packed off to the Sisters of Mercy convent boarding school at 11, she got herself sprung at 15, having abandoned plans for becoming an actress or a nun to concentrate on writing. “Those two embryonic characters are still in me,” she notes. (She no longer attends Mass except “to avoid ructions” when visiting Irish relatives.)
To pacify her parents, Edna went through the motions of apprenticing at a pharmacy in Dublin. But at 23, already pregnant, she married Gebler; eight years later the relationship was dying. Typically, she published the coroner’s report, or her version, in Girls in Their Married Bliss. Gebler’s final word for his ex is that she “is a self-destroyed person who lives in hatred.” O’Brien prefers to characterize herself as “frail but tough, gregarious and lonely, intelligent, rash, inconsistent and driven by certain needs.” Is one of her needs to put down males? “If I am attacking men, I must have a good reason,” she snorts, “but I’m extremely romantic too.” Admitting a weakness for “tyrants, rakes and traitors,” she adds, “Maybe I need the betrayal. Loss is a much richer theme than holding.” She candidly acknowledges four major postmarital affairs, all the while pointing out that such a record is “not much over 16 years. Not enough,” she laments. O’Brien concedes, too, that she is “potentially bisexual, but I don’t lead a bisexual life.”
When a book is cooking, she works up to 10 hours at a crack—her new one took just three weeks. Her first drink of the day, champagne or dry white burgundy, comes at 7 p.m. Evenings she goes to the movies or theater if she isn’t staying home and cooking for her two sons. Carlo, 23, is studying directing at Britain’s National Film School and Sasha, 21, is an architecture major at Cambridge. “Lovely and fluid” is how O’Brien sees her “older sister” relationship with the boys. In fact, when bills pile up, her sons urge her on, as much as the muse, with words like, “Come on, Becky [their nickname for her], time for a good potboiler. And with lots more plot this time.” While in creative heat, she reads passages to her sons, who, according to Sasha, “groan loudly” at parts they dislike.
The boys, however, do not read her finished novels, but that’s all right with Becky. “They might be hurt because my books are naked and haven’t sidestepped the pain of life,” she explains. “It could be difficult to combine this with the mother they know who cooks the meals, earns the living and is their protector.” If that sounds like she wishes they could stay kids, well, it’s possible. Refusing to confirm her age, the 47-year-old O’Brien asks, “Marlene Dietrich didn’t, so why should I?” Then she adds coyly, “My sons will have to keep getting younger.”
/n