EXCLUSIVE! Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez Among Celebs Spotted at Mayweather vs. McGregor Fight Stephen McCarthy/Sportsfile via Getty Images Floyd Mayweather vs. Conor McGregor Mayweather beat McGregor in the 10th round and remains u.../n
Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez made fight night date night.The couple, who have been dating for several month, were among several celebs spotted at the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas Saturday night, watching the anticipated Floyd Mayweather vs. Conor McGregor Showtime PPV boxing match.The actress-singer and the former New York Yankees star traveled to the city on a private jet with New England Patriots owner Robert Kraft, as seen in photos they posted on Instagram.Other stars who attended the fight included Leonardo DiCaprio, Tobey Maguire, Ozzy Osbourne and Sharon Osbourne, Kevin Connolly, Charlie Theron, Aisha Tyler, Karlie Kloss, Sean "Diddy" Combs, Vanessa Hudgens and boyfriend Austin Butler and  Jamie Foxx and Olivia Munn—who are longtime friends, two sources told E! News. Munn first walked the red carpet by herself, after which Foxx and his entourage appeared. The two greeted each other and posed for pics together."Been friends for 8 years now. Lucky to have him as a big brother," Olivia shared on Instagram. "@iamjamiefoxx #aboutlastnight #mayweathermcgregor." 

Theron was the first celebrity to arrive at the fight. A.J. McLean and Nick Carter from the Backstreet Boys walked the carpet together before walking in to the arena. Diddy did not walk the red carpet, heading straight for a VIP entrance instead as fans tried to get a photo of him. Moments later, LeBron James and his wife followed suit.  J. Lo and A. Rod had the best seats in the house, sitting ringside next to Matthew Blank, the chairman of Showtime Networks, a source told E! News.Sharon and Ozzy attended the event with son Jack Osbourne. Sharon was spotted standing up and cheering and yelling throughout the whole match, while Ozzy remained in his seat, calmly watching, the source said.Kelly Dodd from The Real Housewives of Orange County was also spotted at the event with girlfriends.After the event, Maguire and DiCaprio hit up the Las Vegas club scene. They were spotted at Jewel nightclub inside the Aria Resort & Casino, where Foxx was hosting and performing. The three hung out together inside. Foxx then announced into the mic that "The real Spider-Man is in the building" and also had the spotlight shined on DiCaprio, who attempted to keep a low profile by avoiding the DJ booth."There's a wolf in the building," Jamie said, before the crowd started chanting "LEO, LEO" over and over, the source told E! News.

Demi Lovato, a longtime UFC fan, sang the National Anthem at the event. She posted a photo of herself inside the boxing ring hours earlier.Mayweather, largely seen as the greatest defensive fighter in history, remains undefeated after beating the Irish UFC champion in the 10th round, marking his 50th career win. Mayweather, 40, had declared in the ring that this fight is his last."I thought it was close though and I thought it was a little early of a stoppage. I get like that when I'm tired. I get a little wobbly and flowy," McGregor said after the match. "But you got to give it to him, that's what 50 pro fights will give you."McLean took a selfie with McGregor, writing on Instagram, "The real champ in my opinion! What a gentlemen and great humble guy. Thanks bro for the pic."

—Additional reporting by Ken Baker
/n