Monday TV Hot List/n
On the outside, HBO’s new series Hung seems like a cheesy, crass dramedy. A well endowed teacher needs to make some extra cash so he becomes a “ho,” and former one-night-stand-turned-poet-wannabe becomes his suburban “pimp.” But it’s not.
Hung is actually a really promising black comedy about a defeated optimist who hits rock bottom. “I used to be a big deal,” states Ray Drecker (played by Thomas Jane – real life husband of Medium’s Patricia Arquette) who starts out living the American dream… an attractive teacher who was a high-school football hero, married with two kids… until everything goes wrong. His wife leaves him for her dermatologist, his house burns down, he loses custody of the kids, and all while the economy is tanking. But life takes an odd and interesting, uphill turn, when his visionary poet-ex talks him into making use of his best (and biggest) asset by starting a new business together called, “Happiness Consultants,” a.k.a. a male prostitution service with Ray being the product for sale. Now in case you’re hoping to get a glimpse at the actual asset, don’t count on it! Thomas Jane says when it comes to the audience actually getting to see “it,” he’s more of a c*ck-tease! Though my guess would be if they start to slip in ratings, they may just pull it out for the season finale!
On Weeds, a rogue DEA agent throws Nancy off with a surprise visit; Celia crashes in Nancy’s garage after returning from Mexico; Andy thinks he’s hit the jackpot when he uncovers an old bank account of his brother’s, now he just has to figure out how to access it! And the wacky duo of Silas and Doug make use of their new cop connection by having him bully a potential landlord into giving them a lease for their medical marijuana dispensary.
Kathy wants to nab a younger audience on Kathy Griffin: My Life on the D-List, so she enlists the help of actress Rachel True (The Craft), who, among other things, gets her to join Facebook. But Kathy has a few ideas of her own, like making Paris Hilton her new BFF! The two get cozy posing together for the paparazzi, talking girl talk, “So do you like missionary or doggy style?,” and Kathy attempts to out shop Paris… to the tune of a shocking $14 thousand dollars! Ouch! It’s not bad living on the D-List these days!
Notable mentions… TLC puts together a special edition of previously unseen footage from the Gosselin family’s first 10 years together on Jon & Kate Plus 8.
Monday Night Hot List
8:00Secret Life Of the American Teenager (ABC FAM)Fatal Beauty: 15 Most Notorious Women (E!)
9:00Make It Or Break It (ABC FAM) Jon & Kate Plus 8 (TLC) History Detectives (PBS)
9:30Hung (HBO) series premiere 
10:00Weeds (SHO) Kathy Griffin: My Life on the D-List (BRAVO)Here Come the Newlyweds (ABC)New York Goes to Work (VH1) season finale /n