Stunning NEW Claims: R. Kelly Hiding 6 Young Women In Sick Sexual 'Cult'/n
R&B singer R.Kelly is reportedly holding six women against their will in an abusive “cult” RadarOnline.com has learned.
“Six women live in properties rented by Kelly in Chicago and the Atlanta suburbs,” a BuzzFeed report says, citing confessions from Cheryl Mack, Kitti Jones, and Asante McGee, the three former inner-circle members of Kelly’s squad.
“He controls every aspect of their lives: dictating what they eat, how they dress, when they bathe, when they sleep, and how they engage in sexual encounters that he records,” continued the report.
PHOTOS: R. Kelly’s Most Disturbing Underage Sex Crime Scandals REVEALED
Several of the victim’s parents have gone to the police to try to get their daughters back. One mother even claimed the rapper has been “abusive and is controlling” their child.
She continued, saying that the last time she saw her daughter she “looked like a prisoner — it was horrible,” and acted as if she had been “brainwashed” as she continually spoke of her adoration for Kelly.
“I hugged her and hugged her. But she just kept saying she’s in love and [Kelly] is the one who cares for her. I don’t know what to do. I hope that if I get her back, I can get her treatment for victims of cults. They can reprogram her. But I wish I could have stopped it from happening,” she said.
PHOTOS: The Face Of Evil: Jared Fogle’s Lawyer Blames ‘Medical Problem’ For Child Sex Crimes — First Photos Since Confession
According to a report, all women living under Kelly’s roof in Atlanta and Chicago are of the age of consent (ages 18 to 31) and therefore free to enter “nontraditional” relationships.
The women involved in Kelly’s alleged “cult” initially think “This is R. Kelly, I’m going to live a lavish lifestyle,” said Mack, Kelly’s former personal. “No. You have to ask for food. You have to ask to go use the bathroom. … [Kelly] is a master at mind control… He is a puppet master.”
According to Mack, the women living with Kelly include: a 25-year-old longtime friend of Kelly, a 19-year-old model often photographed with him in public, an 26-year-old songwriter who’s been with him since 2009 and an 18-year-old singer – his “favorite.”
PHOTOS: Subway Sicko Jared Fogle Desperate For Sandwich Fix!
Mack, Jones, and McGee claim that women who live with Kelly, who he calls his “babies,” are required to call him “Daddy” and ask permission for anything from leaving the house to using their cellphones to going to the bathroom.
In a recent statement, Kelly’s representative has denied all allegations.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n