 'Severe & Appropriate’ Punishment: Brian Williams Suspended From 'NBC Nightly News'.../n
Brian Williams has been suspended from NBC Nightly News for six months without pay effective immediately after his story about his helicopter being shot at in Iraq was uncovered as a lie, the network announced Tuesday night.
NBC News President Deborah Turness revealed the punishment in a staff memo obtained by RadarOnline.com. The straightforward and hard-hitting message has a quote from Steve Burke, who explained that the lies Williams told could have harmed the respect the News division has earned, writing: “Brian has jeopardized the trust millions of Americans place in NBC News.”
The memo also states that Williams has “a responsibility to be truthful.”
PHOTOS: 24 Stars Who Have Been Brutally BUSTED In Big Lies
Read Turness’ email here:
“We have decided today to suspend Brian Williams as Managing Editor and Anchor of NBC Nightly News for six months. The suspension will be without pay and is effective immediately. We let Brian know of our decision earlier today. Lester Holt will continue to substitute Anchor the NBC Nightly News.
Our review, which is being led by Richard Esposito working closely with NBCUniversal General Counsel Kim Harris, is ongoing, but I think it is important to take you through our thought process in coming to this decision.
PHOTOS: Tall Tales! 17 Celebrities Who Have Been Caught Telling Lies
While on Nightly News on Friday, January 30, 2015, Brian misrepresented events which occurred while he was covering the Iraq War in 2003. It then became clear that on other occasions Brian had done the same while telling that story in other venues. This was wrong and completely inappropriate for someone in Brian’s position.
In addition, we have concerns about comments that occurred outside NBC News while Brian was talking about his experiences in the field.
As Managing Editor and Anchor of Nightly News, Brian has a responsibility to be truthful and to uphold the high standards of the news division at all times.
PHOTOS: Inside Tori Spelling’s Life Of Lies: Her 20 Most Shocking Fake-Outs, Half-Truths & Hidden Secrets Revealed
Steve Burke, Pat Fili and I came to this decision together. We felt it would have been wrong to disregard the good work Brian has done and the special relationship he has forged with our viewers over 22 years. Millions of Americans have turned to him every day, and he has been an important and well-respected part of our organization.
As I’m sure you understand, this was a very hard decision. Certainly there will be those who disagree. But we believe this suspension is the appropriate and proportionate action.
This has been a difficult time. But NBC News is bigger than this moment. You work so hard and dedicate yourselves each and every day to the important work of bringing trusted, credible news to our audience. Because of you, your loyalty, your dedication, NBC News is an organization we can – and should – all be proud of. We will get through this together.
PHOTOS: Reality TV’s Monster Mom: Here Comes Honey Boo Boo Star June Shannon’s 10 Most Shocking Lies Exposed!
Steve Burke asked me to share the following message.
“This has been a painful period for all concerned and we appreciate your patience while we gathered the available facts. By his actions, Brian has jeopardized the trust millions of Americans place in NBC News. His actions are inexcusable and this suspension is severe and appropriate. Brian’s life’s work is delivering the news. I know Brian loves his country, NBC News and his colleagues. He deserves a second chance and we are rooting for him. Brian has shared his deep remorse with me and he is committed to winning back everyone’s trust.”
Do you believe Brian Williams’ suspension is a satisfactory punishment? Sound off in the comments below! /n