ICYMI: This Cafe Is Offering Oral Sex With Your Coffee — But It'll Cost You!/n

Yeah, sure, a BJ… but does it come with free refills?
A new cafe is opening up in Geneva, Switzerland — where prostitution is legal and regulated — later this year that will serve up some fellatio for their male customers who order coffee!
Related: Longtime People Writer Resigns & Blasts J.Lo, George Clooney, & More In EPIC Letter!
The cafe will be set up by the escort agency Facegirl and a representative from their service, Bradley Charvet, explained the experience they want to offer by saying: 

"In five or ten minutes, it's all over."
Apparently, after customers order a coffee, they will use an iPad to select a prostitute they want to perform oral on them. Not convinced yet? Well Charvet also added:

"Studies have demonstrated that men perform better at work after having been satisfied during the morning."
Uhm, sure, because saying there was evidence found in a study TOTALLY makes getting head from a stranger sound professional.
Plus, we're foreseeing a lot of HIGHlarious misunderstandings from tourists — "no, we ordered cinnamon" — "sir, this IS Cinnamon."
BTW, there are already cafes like this in Thailand; Facegirl plans on borrowing elements from the establishments to help create their business.
Related: Lisa Vanderpump's Restaurant Sued After Guest Shreds His Mouth From Glass In His Calamari!
Of course the idea of a fellatio cafe in Geneva has received some backlash as several people don't see the communal advantages of the company and feel only the people setting up the business would reap the benefits.
Grégoire Théry, a rep from the French organization Mouvement du Nid – a French anti-prostitution group — has said the use of iPads helps in decriminalizing pimps and added:

"[The sex trade] is a real business and this sex café is making the most of that. This would be the straw that broke the camel's back, but it is just a part of a broader logic. They know very well that is this provocative."
Still interested for some reason? It'll cost you about £42 or close to $56. Oh yeah, plus you have to be in Switzerland! LOLz!
At the moment, the Department for Security and the Economy in Geneva is considering the café and will make a decision late year this.
Do you think coffee and oral sex is a good idea?!/n