Texas Communities Rally Around Family After Fatal House Fire (VIDEO)/n
Families come in all sizes.  
That’s what one Texas town is learning in the wake of a nearly unimaginable tragedy. Last week, a mobile home fire in Edna, Texas, claimed the lives of five children, ages 5-16, and from the pain comes an inspiring story of larger family – Edna and the surrounding towns – coming together to help a smaller one when it needs it most.  
Noah Ortiz was the oldest member of the family lost. At 15, he was a sophomore at Edna High School and a member of the football team. Witnesses said he may have died returning to the home to try and save his siblings: Julian Ortiz, 13; Nicholas Ortiz, 9; Areyanah Hernandez, 6; and Lilyana Hernandez, 5.  
Residents from the area have come forward to show their support in a variety of ways: Over $28,000 has been raised in a GoFundMe account set up to help the family handle expenses, and Saturday, when Edna’s football team played Ingram Moore, the rival school donated a check for $16,000 that their community had raised. (Edna defeated Ingram Moore 50-28; their winning score matched Noah’s jersey number.)  
One of the most unique forms of help comes from Troy Ganem: A former hot rod artist, Ganem has donated five personalized caskets to the Ortiz and Hernandez families, each custom-painted to reflect the children’s lives. Noah’s is painted with Edna’s school colors and his jersey number, Julian and Nicholas’s with the WWE’s logo and images from the video game Call of Duty.  
For Areyanah and Lilyana, who loved the movie Frozen, Ganem wrote their names and decorated them with princess crowns.   
Ganem worked free of charge, from Wednesday to Saturday, building the five caskets in four days. “We want [the casket] to be more of a celebration of that person’s life,” Ganem told Houston’s KHOU.  
“This community has pulled together like none that I’ve seen for this family,” he added.     
 



Want more stories like this?
Sign up for our newsletter and other special offers:

 sign me up 

Thank you for signing up!

/n