Overweight O.J. Has 'Lost His Will To Live' & Is Risking Kidney Failure!/n
Still imprisoned O.J. Simpson has ripened up to a scale-crunching 350 pounds by gobbling junk food. And he may soon need a kidney transplant!
RadarOnline.com has learned exclusively that the former football great, 69, was treated for kidney stones twice last summer, which could be a sign the overweight athlete is in organ failure!
“O.J. was seriously sick. He was doubled over in pain!” a prison insider revealed.
The Juice has been behind bars on kidnapping and robbery charges in Nevada since 2008, and lately, the source says Simpson has turned into a loner who relies on food for company.
PHOTOS: Police ‘Haven’t Ruled Out’ Connection Between Murders Of Jogger Lookalikes
“O.J. stays in his cell, munching Little Debbie snacks, cookies, ramen noodles, soda and microwaved chicken,” reveals the insider.
Simpson, who is also diabetic, used to work in the gym at Lovelock Correctional Center, handing out equipment and scoring basketball and softball games. But not anymore.
According to a medical expert, O.J.’s diabetes could have led to the kidney stones, and may also be a sign that his kidneys are failing.
High amounts of fat in a person’s liver make it impossible for the hormone insulin to regulate blood sugar, leading to diabetes, explained Dr. Gabe Mirkin.
PHOTOS: Famous Or Infamous? 15 Celebrities Accused Of Murder
Diabetes, in turn, is a common cause of kidney disease.
“O.J. only has himself to blame,” Dr. Mirkin told Radar.
“He’s lost his will to live. In the beginning, he was in the prison weight room and other inmates adulated him. Now, he’s just in his room eating and not exercising.”
Dr. Mirkin says diabetes specifically damages every cell in the body. “Your kidneys aren’t functioning, so the urine isn’t passing through. First, you get the kidney damage, then you get the static urine,” he said.
PHOTOS: TV Show Of The Century? It’s Selma Blair As Kris Jenner, David Schwimmer As Robert Kardashian & More On Set For ‘American Crime Story: The People V. OJ Simpson’
Another medical source noted once a person is in “end-stage” kidney disease, “either dialysis or transplantation is required.”
Dr. Mirkin warned that Simpson would likely need to slim down and get healthy before he’d even be considered for a kidney transplant.
“He needs to lose weight,” Dr. Mirkin advised. “We don’t know how bad his kidneys are — but the odds are overwhelming he’s in kidney failure.”
Story Developing.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n