 ’90 Day Fiancé’ Fakery! Mohamed Admits To Re-Shooting Divorce Scenes With Danielle.../n
Mohamed Jbali has been telling all in a series of Facebook Live videos – and his latest bombshell is his most shocking yet! The 90 Day Fiancé star admitted the show stages scenes.
On March 22, Mohamed went to the Erie County Common Pleas Court, where Judge Tygh Tone granted his divorce from ex-wife Danielle Mullins.
Mohamed filmed his confessional interview with producers where he spoke of the divorce. The video is currently on Mohamed’s Facebook.
“I am going to put the same clothes on and redo the scenes for the courthouse,” Mohamed said in a new video. “I’m going to do that today until noon.”
PHOTOS: Jennifer Garner Stays ‘West Virginia Strong’ Amid Affleck Divorce Drama
He also vowed that he will not be filming anymore Facebook Live videos after speaking with producers.
In Mohamed’s original confessional, he said of the divorce, “I did not talk to Danielle, all I know is I got my divorce. She had a lawyer talking for her. The judge said it’s done and that we’re divorced. They asked if I want a divorce or annulment, I said it’s the same for me.”
He explained that although they had been fighting, they remained civil in court.
“I got my divorce without fighting, we just got a divorce without going through the details,” he said. “We agreed to pay the bills we have together.”
PHOTOS: George Clooney & Julia Roberts ‘Involved In Cheating Scandal’ – Amal Reportedly Demands Divorce!
In a shocking twist, Mohamed revealed more about life after Danielle.
“I am going to leave the states,” he admitted. “When I leave the states, I can go to Canada and go back to school there. I might go back to Qatar and work there. I might go back to Tunisia.”
He explained that he will be leaving to prove he did not use Danielle for a green card.
As Radar exclusively reported, Danielle filed for an annulment from Mohamed on grounds of adultery and fraud on October 4, 2016.
PHOTOS: Nastiest Hollywood Divorces Dragged Through The Legal System
“When I questioned Mohamed, he was emotionally abusive and cruel to me,” she wrote of his alleged affairs in her annulment filing. “Mohamed again was back to his verbal abuse of me and withholding affection and physical touch.”
The 90 Day Fiancé stars got married on July 9, 2014.
Are you surprised by the fakery? Tell us in the comments.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n