Top 5 Men’s Watch Picks, Plus the Best Amazon Deals of the Day/n





                    Top 5 Jacket and Coat Deals for Men
                







Stay warm and get a good deal.

 MORE >>





We’ve also rounded up some of the hottest deals and our favorite product picks on Amazon today that we think you should know about.
Men typically don’t accessorize much, so one of the “easiest” things that a man can add to his wardrobe is a watch. They’re functional and can be extremely stylish.
Check out our picks below, as well as the best deals of the day.
Make sure to  follow @CelebuzzPicks on Twitter for all these deals, plus daily lightning deals, and you can follow Celebuzz Picks on Facebook as well. If you haven’t already, sign up for a free trial of Amazon Prime, which will let you get free two-day shipping and a whole lot more.
 Here are the Top 5 Men’s Watch Picks :
 
1. Luno Wear Men’s Bamboo Wood Watch, Genuine Leather





Each watch features an all natural bamboo or ebony wood case that is rich in texture. No watch is exactly the same. Each watch features a high quality, genuine leather band. Wood and leather are extremely lightweight. Each watch weighs less than one ounce and the leather band form fits to your wrist for a customized fit. (List price, $79.99)







Luno Wear Men's Wood Watch, Genuine Leather, The Shoots



$50.00

                Buy Now
            
Amazon



 
2. Akribos XXIV Men’s “Ultimate” Stainless Steel Watch






Round watch with date window between four and five o’clock and luminous hands and hour dots
60-second and 30-minute chronograph subdials and tachymeter around outer rim
42 mm stainless steel case with mineral dial window
Swiss quartz movement with analog display
Silver-tone mesh band with jewelry-clasp closure
Water resistant to 50 m (165 ft): In general, suitable for short periods of recreational swimming, but not diving or snorkeling








Akribos XXIV Men's AK625SSB "Ultimate" Stainless Steel Watch



$54.95

                Buy Now
            
Amazon



 
3. Peugeot Men’s Silver Slim Case Stainless Steel Mesh Blue Face Roman Numeral Dial Dress Watch





The Peugeot stainless steel 1052SBL men’s watch features a slim case with mesh band. This classic looking watch is perfect for every day use. Peugeot watches have been redefining fashion since 1957. At its inception, Peugeot was a manufacturer of luxury, handcrafted, gold timepieces. After a successful twenty five year run in the luxury category, rising gold prices and market changes dictated a new direction.
Peugeot quietly reinvented itself into a well-designed, high-quality watch line at affordable prices. This strategy LED to the formation of a new marketplace which later became known as fashion watches. The ability to translate high fashion trends into a watch line that appeals to customers with an eye on style and price has LED to Peugeot’s recognition as a proven successful American brand found in better department stores nationwide. (List price, $100.00)







Peugeot Men's Silver Slim Case Stainless Steel Mesh Blue Face Roman Numeral Dial Dress Watch 1052SBL



$49.99

                Buy Now
            
Amazon



 
4. August Steiner Men’s Round Slim Silver Dial Three Hand Quartz Movement Stainless Steel Strap Watch





This classically designed August Steiner timepiece features an ultra slim 40mm case with a silver tone finish. The matte finish silver tone dial is home to hand-applied baton markers, and the classic two-hand indication is powered by a reliable Miyota quartz movement. Highly fashionable and comfortable on the wrist, this timepiece comes equipped with a dark brown genuine leather strap.
This men’s August Steiner watch is a classy piece for any style. With a genuine leather strap, this ultra-slim watch features a matte dial and a Japanese quartz movement. This watch is sure to become your wrists new best friend. (List price, $595.00)







August Steiner Men's AS8084XBR Quartz Classic Silver Dial Slim Case Watch with Brown over Nubuck Leather Strap



$47.30

                Buy Now
            
Amazon



 
5. Raymond Weil Men’s Tradition Analog Display Swiss Quartz Silver Watch





The Raymond Weil Tradition men’s watch 5597-ST-00300 features a stainless steel rectangular case in a design that is reminiscent of the early watch making traditions. Enhancing the sophistication of the looks of this watch comes is the stainless steel bracelet. The white colored dial complements the silver colored bezel beautifully. Roman numerals are used as the hour markers for this watch, with minute indexes visible in a rectangular pattern at the center of the dial.
The case back of this watch is made of stainless steel in a solid pattern. This watch comes with a hidden folding clasp, which adds to the convenience of the Users. The case window of this watch is made of scratch resistant sapphire crystal, making sure that watch is well protected against damage from scratches and smudges. (List price, $995.00)







Raymond Weil Men's 5597-ST-00300 Tradition Analog Display Swiss Quartz Silver Watch



$367.98

                Buy Now
            
Amazon



 
Here are the top Amazon deals of the day.
 
The X-Files: The Collector’s Set on Blu-ray





TODAY ONLY – Now for the first time on Blu-rayTM, the original nine exhilarating, groundbreaking seasons of The X-Files, along with exclusive special features, can be yours to own. Although they begin as reluctant partners, FBI special agents Fox Mulder and Dana Scully (Golden Globe® Winners David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson) ultimately form a powerful bond as they struggle to unravel deadly conspiracies and solve paranormal mysteries.
With over 23 hours of extras, including documentaries, and commentary by creator Chris Carter and the production team as well as special effects sequences and deleted scenes this collection, which includes space for the upcoming X-Files Event Series in 2016, is a must-have for any fan of the truth! (List price, $299.99)







The X Files: Complete Seasons 1-9 [Blu-ray]



$134.99

                Buy Now
            
Amazon



 
Up to 60% Off BSN Top Sellers





TODAY ONLY – Today only, save up to 60% on BSN top sellers.
Items like BSN SYNTHA-6 Protein Powder – Chocolate Milkshake, 5.0 lb (List price, $31.64) are on sale. SYNTHA-6 is an ultra-premium protein powder and BSN’s best-tasting protein on the market. SYNTHA-6 not only includes essential amino acids and essential fatty acids, but is also an excellent source of fiber and contains 6g of fat per serving, which makes it a nutritious and multi-functional protein supplement. SYNTHA-6 is the go-to protein for any nutrition or exercise regimen because it is designed to suit a variety of active lifestyles and diet plans. And with SYNTHA-6, the high standard of quality protein comes with taste to match, thanks to BSN’s exclusive flavor technology.







BSN SYNTHA-6 Protein Powder, Whey Protein, Micellar Casein, Milk Protein Isolate, Flavor: Chocolate Milkshake, 48 Servings



$39.99

                Buy Now
            
Amazon



 
Howard Leight by Honeywell Impact Pro Sound Amplification Electronic Earmuff





TODAY ONLY – Protect your ears and communicate more clearly at the shooting range with this pair of Impact Pro electronic acoustic earmuffs from Howard Leight by Honeywell. The earmuffs amplify conversation and other low sounds four times while blocking noise over 82 decibels. Rubberized pressure points keep your gunstocks from getting scratched, while an input connection cord lets you plug in your MP3 player, smartphone, or scanner radio. The earmuffs offer up to 350 hours of use on one pair of AAA batteries. (List price, $99.99)







Howard Leight by Honeywell Impact Pro Sound Amplification Electronic Earmuff (R-01902)



$55.00

                Buy Now
            
Amazon



 
Dell Inspiron 13.3 Inch 2-in-1 Touchscreen Laptop





The new Inspiron 13 7000 Series 2-in-1 combines the powerful performance of a premium laptop and the versatility of a 13.3-inch tablet with built-in stylus.
Peak performance: With up to a 6th Gen Intel Core i5 processor, the Inspiron 13 packs a robust performance. Count on plenty of power for loading apps or editing photos.(List price, $899.99)







Dell Inspiron i7359-6790SLV 13.3-Inch 2-in-1 Touchscreen Laptop (6th Generation Intel Core i5, 8 GB RAM, 256 GB SSD, ...



$699.00

                Buy Now
            
Amazon



 

Thanks for following us on Twitter. Let your friends know we have the hottest daily lightning & shopping deals! pic.twitter.com/AXDPVExxVd
— Celebuzz Picks (@celebuzzpicks) December 29, 2015



Get Goop Products for Less on Amazon








































25 Photos »



    Celebuzz.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed
    to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to amazon.com.

/n