 Medical Crisis! Jackson Family Flies To Brazil & 'Prepares For The Worst' After Joe.../n
Joe Jackson is on his death bed in Brazil after suffering “life-threatening” heart attacks and a massive stroke, multiple sources confirm to RadarOnline.com exclusively.
As Radar reported, the 87-year-old father of late King of Pop Michael Jackson and husband to family matriarch Katherine, 85, went to Brazil to celebrate his birthday, which was July 26, when he was rushed to Sao Paulo, Brazil’s Albert Einstein hospital after suffering a stroke on Sunday.
“This stroke was his fourth or fifth that he’s suffered in past two years and while in the hospital he suffered at least two heart attacks,” a very well-connected family insider tells Radar.
PHOTOS: The Next LaToya? Janet Jackson Has Had ‘Multiple Plastic Surgeries’ – Top Doctors Detail The Nip & Tucks In 10 Revealing Photos
“It’s likely that he suffered at least one other one before being rushed to the hospital,” the family friend adds.
“Joe’s heart is not beating on its own. He’s not good.”
According to the source, the Jacksons are “making arrangements for Katherine, his cousin Trent and Jackie Jackson to head to Brazil now, as they are told that he may not be coming home.”
“Joe is in terrible shape,” says the source.
Another source close to Joe’s grandchildren Prince, 18, Paris, 17, and Blanket, 13, says that, needless to say,”everyone in the family is preparing for the worst.”
Michael Jackson’s Secret Pain: Never-Before-Seen Drawings Illustrate Anxiety, Depression & Insecurity, Art Therapist Claims
“Blanket and the kids are crying hysterically and cannot be calmed. For them, it’s like their father is dying all over again and they are traumatized by the news.”
As Radar previously reported, Joe’s last major medical crisis was in 2012, when he was said to have had a “baby-stroke.” That same year, Katherine was reported to have also suffered a minor-stroke as well.
Stay tuned to Radar as this breaking story develops.
Leave your well-wishes for Joe Jackson in the comments below. /n