‘Captain America’ Star Chris Evans on Donald Trump’s Presidency: ‘I Feel Rage’/n





                    Getting Dumped Inspired Chris Evans to Become an Actor
                







See? Not a terrible thing

 MORE >>





Chris Evans gets heated about America’s decision to elect Donald Trump as its president and recalls how he found his way to the limelight in a feature interview with Esquire.

The Captain America star, who supported Hillary Clinton during the 2016 presidential election, is still baffled at the country’s ultimate selection of Trump as its leader.
“I feel rage,” Evans tells Esquire. “I feel fury. It’s unbelievable. People were just so desperate to hear someone say that someone is to blame. They were just so happy to hear that someone was angry. Hear someone say that Washington sucks. They just want something new without actually understanding.”
Evans realizes that his decision to vocalize his political opinion might deter movie-goers who oppose him, and that’s perfectly okay.
“Look, I’m in a business where you’ve got to sell tickets,” Evans says. “But, my God, I would not be able to look at myself in the mirror if I felt strongly about something and didn’t speak up. I think it’s about how you speak up. We’re allowed to disagree. If I state my case and people don’t want to go see my movies as a result, I’m okay with that.”


Chris Evans' Best Red Carpet Looks








































18 Photos »


Evans also recalls falling in love with acting in his junior year of high school when he performed in shows at his mom’s theater. After deciding that he wanted to pursue it as a profession, a family friend, who was an actor, told him that he needed to get an agent. At 16-years-old, Evans made a deal with his parents in which they would pay his rent if he could find an internship in New York City with a casting agency.
He landed a job with Bonnie Finnegan, who worked on Spin City at the time, and at the end of his summer of booking appointments and answering phones, he requested five-minute auditions with three agents with whom he had established relationships. They all said yes, and they were all interested in him at the end of his auditions.
Evans doubled up on classes and finished high school early so he could return to New York in January for auditions during pilot season. He moved into the same dilapidated Brooklyn apartment, interned for Finnegan again, and eventually landed a part on the Opposite Ssx pilot. The show got picked up and would start shooting in Los Angeles that fall.
“I know I’m going to L.A. in August,” Evans says, remembering that chapter in his life. “So I go home and that spring I would wake up around noon, saunter into high school just to see my buddies, and we’d go get high in the parking lot. I just f**ked off. I lost my virginity that year. 1999 was one of the best years of my life.”
In the same year, Evans learned that his parents were getting a divorce.
Read more about Chris Evans’ road to stardom over on Esquire.





CREDIT: Mark Segal/Esquire


/n