10 Summer Songs To Be Marooned With On A Desert Island/n
Everyone has their favorite summer songs.  But only the ULTIMATE hot weather tunes are good enough to take to a deserted island.
Today we present our 10 Top Summer Songs – and why having them blasting through our headphones would make our island adventure much more fun!
Create Your Own Malibu Island For A Chance To Host An Exclusive Maroon 5 Concert
Malibu will host an exclusive Maroon 5 concert for a small audience of ultimate fans.  A location will be picked from the Malibu islands created across the country, so create or join an island to help choose the town where they’ll perform!
Click here to create your own Malibu Island with your friends. 
1. Maroon 5 – This Love: This summer jam has all the requirements of a hit — singalong chorus, jangly guitars, Adam Levine. Can’t go wrong.
2. Martha & The Vandellas – Heat Wave: A staple of oldies radio stations, and barbecue playlists everywhere, if you’ve seen Sister Act, you know this song. Great, great summertime tune.
3. The Drifters — Under The Boardwalk: We know it’s a (very) oldie but a goodie, but hey, if there’s a boardwalk in your area – and you happen to be under it – there couldn’t be a more classic song of summer.
4. Rilo Kiley – With Arms Outstretched: That yearning guitar, the hand-clappy, singalong chorus — this is a perfect song for those last golden weeks of summer as it fades to fall.
5. Drake – Started From The Bottom: If we’re basing this list off of songs we hear out of cars around the city, then this is definitely a song for summer. Nothing like a good anthem with a shout-able, sing-able chorus to really keep things movin’.
6. Beach Boys — Kokomo: What better to while away the sunny beach days with the Beach Boys singing about a fictional but awesome sounding beach?
7. Mariah Carey + Miguel — #Beautiful: This is a legitimate, hot off the presses summer jam, and we have maybe spent an afternoon or two listening to it on repeat. Summer jam status achieved.
8. Anna Kendrick – Cups (When I’m Gone From Pitch Perfect) – Jaunty and clever with an ear worm of a hook, this song is a good way to both usher in summer and teach yourself how to play cups on a counter.
9. Justin Timberlake — Suit And Tie:  This list wouldn’t be complete without JT’s comeback single off the 20/20 Experience. Perfect, perfect summer song.
10. Katy Perry — California Gurls — Perhaps the world’s most perfect summer song, this celebrates the glories of short shorts, bikinis and being tan — summer in under 5 minutes.
 
SIP EASY. ENJOY MALIBU RESPONSIBLY.
MALIBU® CARIBBEAN RUM WITH COCONUT LIQUEUR. 21%-24% ALC./VOL
 
 
/n