or Bell. "Ooh, it's like a light switch, I don't know. I can't tell yet. It's really both, but it changes moment to moment," she confessed as costar Mamie Gummer chimed in. "Don't they say that when th.../n
Kristen Bell adorably proposed to baby daddy Dax Shepard on Twitter after the Supreme Court's monumental ruling on gay marriage."I'll get gay-married, absolutely!" the blond beauty told E! News with a laugh Monday at the junket for her upcoming flick The Lifeguard.While the lovebirds didn't hold back in expressing their enthusiasm for their friends in the gay community, the blond beauty said the duo has no plans to make a big deal out of their own "I Do's."

"We're not having a wedding," the Veronica Mars star clarified. "It's not a desire of either of ours to have any sort of day of celebration for us. I feel like we get enough attention in our daily lives and we just want something sort of private that involves pen and paper."And since the ceremony will be incredibly low key, the new mom admitted the pair may take the plunge at any spur-of-the-moment."It could be any day," she confessed. "Honestly, I could go home and we could do it today, there's no forethought really going into it."

But there is forethought in their choice to tie the knot, particularly now that the couple has a 4-month-old daughter, Lincoln, who was born in late May."We do want all of the legal opportunities that come with a binding marriage, especially now that we have a kid," she said. "It's very important, there are a lot of things that you need to make available and have in writing for your kid...Yeah, one of these days though."So how's the little one?"Delicious," the proud parent gushed before admitting it's tough to tell whether little Lincoln looks more like Shepard or Bell.



Jason Merritt/Getty Images

"Ooh, it's like a light switch, I don't know. I can't tell yet. It's really both, but it changes moment to moment," she confessed as costar Mamie Gummer chimed in."Don't they say that when they're really fresh out they look more like the father for biological binding reasons?" Meryl Streep's daughter said."Correct," Kristen replied. "So the dads wouldn't leave and the dads would be sure that the baby is theirs."Who knew?!For more from Kristen and Mamie, be sure to tune in to E! New tonight at 7:00 and 11:30 p.m.!
/n