The Walking Dead Cast Mourns Stuntman As His Girlfriend Blames Production And 'Inexperienced Actor' For Fatal Fall/n

So heartbreaking.
All the tragedy on The Walking Dead is supposed to be ridiculous and post-apocalyptic, but this week it was all too real.
After the passing of stuntman John Bernecker, who was reportedly rehearsing a fall from a balcony and slipped, the cast of the Atlanta-based show has taken to social media to send their condolences (below).
Photos: A History Of Film Set Deaths
Meanwhile Bernecker's girlfriend, fellow stuntwoman Jennifer Cocker, has some very specific ideas about who's at fault. She told TMZ:

"Sets need to be safer. There has to be a prerequisite not to put a super professional stuntman with an inexperienced actor who doesn't know what he's doing."
The actor with whom Bernecker was working was Austin Amelio, who plays Dwight on the show. He reportedly told police afterward that Bernecker said he was nervous and had never done a drop from so high.
Currently both SAG-AFTRA and OSHA are investigating the accident.
Amelio took to Twitter this afternoon to write: 

I have no words. My heart is absolutely broken for John Bernecker. Please send prayers to his family and friends.
— Austin Amelio (@austin_amelio) July 14, 2017

See what Norman Reedus, Lauren Cohan, and more had to say:




❤️ love and prayers to Johns family and friends today. You will be missed.A post shared by norman reedus (@bigbaldhead) on Jul 14, 2017 at 1:15pm PDT



No words can express my sadness for John Bernecker and his family. Thank you all for having them in your thoughts and prayers also.
— Lauren Cohan (@LaurenCohan) July 14, 2017


Deep sorrow today, and for every tomorrow. Love, respect, and condolences to johns family, and friends. He will be forever missed.
— Jeffrey Dean Morgan (@JDMorgan) July 14, 2017


Thoughts with John Bernecker's family tonight. Who will continue to be a part of our family and have all the love and support we can give.
— Tom Payne (@justanactor) July 14, 2017





Sending love,prayers,condolences to John Bernecker's family and friends. Stunt people make us "tough" guys actually look tough.They are unsung heroes of productions.Much love. #twdfamilyA post shared by Steven Ogg (@ogg_steven) on Jul 14, 2017 at 1:53pm PDT


In addition, Jordan Peele, with whom John worked on Get Out and Keanu, tweeted:

Thoughts and prayers go out to the friends and family of John Bernecker. So sad to lose him. He was so nice, so cool and great at his job.
— Jordan Peele (@JordanPeele) July 14, 2017

[Image via John Bernecker/Facebook/AMC.]
/n