Jessica Simpson Gets Back in Her Daisy Dukes for Her Latest Campaign
/n
It’s been almost two decades since Jessica Simpson broke onto the scene and into our hearts with her hit pop song “I Wanna Love You Forever,” 14 years since she provided us with her hot take on the origins of “Chicken of the Sea” and 12 since she first launched her eponymous fashion empire. And as she continues to work on her creative endeavors (including a potential new album sometime this year), her clothing collection continues to grow bigger every moment. And one of the reasons her brand has found such widespread success is thanks to her affordable, accessible designs, including a wide range of denim apparel – of which she recently launched a brand new collection.

To celebrate the latest offerings from her brand, Simpson modeled a variety of jeans, shoes and eyewear, shooting the collection in Los Angeles with photographer James Macari. And the billionaire business tycoon didn’t just serve as the face of her latest line, she also styled every look in this campaign herself with only the guiding eye of her mother Tina to assist her.
Courtesy Jessica Simpson Collection
According to a press release from the brand, hew new collection is “inspired by the essence of travel” and brings together “textured, crafty cultures of a world bazaar, the collection evokes home-grown adventures — rich, colorful, eclectic mix,” with an overall theme of “an American girl hits the road — postcards from California, Texas, Florida.“

FROM COINAGE: Here’s How To Save on Concert Tickets So You Still Have Money For Merch

RELATED PHOTOS: Traveling Tots! Jessica Simpson Shares Photos of Jet-Setting Kids Ace and Maxwell
Courtesy Jessica Simpson Collection
Simpson said of her new jean offerings, “Denim is a staple in everyone’s wardrobe.  My favorite vintage denim pieces inspired this season’s designs.  Embroidery and details make the new pieces timeless and worthy of a place in your closet for years to come. I wanted to have fun and show the many sides of my personality for the new campaign.  We ladies are complex and multilayered — I celebrate it!” And truly, what says multifaceted, multi-millionaire woman of mystery quite like head-to-toe shredded denim with an affordable price tag? Consider us in.
What do you think of Jessica’s latest denim line? Sound off below!
/n