2012 Emmy Awards: The Best, Worst And Wackiest Dressed Stars/n
By Leah Ornstein – Radar Features Editor
Who was dressed to rock and shock at television’s biggest awards show of the year?
Hollywood’s hottest stars hit the red of the 2012 Emmy Awards on Sunday night glammed to the max, but not everyone was dressed to impress. RadarOnline.com has all the wardrobe winners and sinners from the annual show in our best, worst and wackiest dressed fashion feature.
PHOTOS: The Best, Worst & Wackiest Dressed Stars Of The 2012 Emmy Awards
The next wave in fashion, ocean tones! Heidi Klum not only made the best dressed list, but the best legs list. The German supermodel rocked a refreshingly sexy seafoam green Alexandre Vauthier gown, which flaunted her fabulous assets and superior stems to perfection. Also in a gorgeous ocean shade was Sofia Vergara, who stunned in an impeccably beaded Zuhair Murad gown, which she blinged out in more than 175 carats of Neil Lane jewels and Nicole Kidman, who stunned in a sea green embellished Antonio Berardi white gown.
We weren’t crazy about Hayden Panettiere’s toga style Marchesa gown, or Mayim Bialik’s overwhelming cabernet colored Pamella Roland, but the wackiest look of the night belonged to none other than Phoebe Price. The fact that the “personality” was at the show was bizarre enough, but her neon heels and disaster of a dress were catastrophic.
PHOTOS: Stars Arrive At The 2012 Emmy Awards
Ginnifer Goodwin was a girl on fire, in a jaw-dropping and Monique Lhuillier gown, which she paired with Rona Pheiffer bling, Christian Louboutin heels and a Salvatore Ferragamo clutch, while Jessica Pare proved that simple elegance goes a long way with her white hot Jason Wu one shoulder Grecian gown that featured a black belt. She finished off the look with a touch of emerald Bulgari bling and a black clutch.
Other misses a la mode included Claire Danes, who failed to properly flaunt her baby bump in an awkwardly draped, canary yellow Lanvin gown, Lena Heady, who looked like she raided the Game of Thrones wardrobe with her goth getup, and Glenn Close, who did major Damages with her “matronly meets bondage” dress.
PHOTOS: Best Dressed Stars At The Emmy Awards Over The Years
To see all of the rest of the best, worst & wackiest dressed stars at the 2012 Emmy Awards, click here.
RELATED STORIES:
PHOTOS: The Best, Worst & Wackiest Dressed Stars Of The Weekend
PHOTOS: Emma Watson Flashes Some Sideboob On The Red Carpet 
PHOTOS: Kris Jenner Flaunts Her New Implants In Leather And Lace
PHOTOS: Best Dressed Stars At The Emmy Awards Over The Years /n