When Mollie Wilmot's Ship Came In, It Really Came In—and Stayed and Stayed and Stayed/n
There is no particularly good time to have a 230-foot ship sail into your backyard, but the Venezuelan freighter Mercedes I picked an altogether inappropriate moment to crash through a seawall and park itself within feet of the lovely swimming pool behind Mollie Wilmot’s Palm Beach, Fla. mansion. After all, photographers were scheduled to arrive that weekend in November to record the charm and beauty of the place (which sits right next to the Kennedy home) for a spread in Town & Country magazine. But it was a dark and stormy night and the ship’s engines failed and it just sort of drifted in with the tide. “The maid woke me at 9:30 that morning and said there was a boat outside,” Wilmot recalls. “It was awesome. When I saw it, I could not speak.”
Once the shock wore off, Mrs. Wilmot, 58, a thrice-divorced department-store heiress with homes in Palm Beach, New York and Saratoga, exhibited true class: She took the Picasso painting off the wall for safekeeping, unfurled a clear plastic runway over the plush white carpeting in the living room and then brewed some coffee for the ship’s captain and his 12 crew members. In fact, she fed them—and their pet cat, Mercedes II—for the next 10 days, until they flew home to Venezuela, leaving the ship still beached in Wilmot’s backyard.
Which is where it remains, much to Wilmot’s chagrin, while various bureaucracies play a classic game of pass the buck. Distribuidora Naviera Del Caribe, the Venezuelan company that is said to own the ship, is broke, and the Coast Guard and the Army Corps of Engineers say they are not responsible. So does the town of Palm Beach. For a while it looked as if nobody was going to remove the vessel, and Wilmot was so concerned that she hired Roy Cohn, who is quite possibly the world’s pushiest lawyer, to press her cause. But before Cohn could fire his big legal guns, the Florida Department of Natural Resources announced that it will pay a New Jersey salvage company $223,000 to remove the freighter later this month.
Meanwhile the residents of Palm Beach have rallied to Wilmot’s side by doing what they do best: They dropped by to sip cocktails, study the ship and offer tongue-in-cheek suggestions about what she ought to do with it. Among the brilliant ideas: hold exercise classes in the cabin, open a restaurant or start a disco on the deck. Added one bemused neighbor: “How clever of you to arrange this whole thing for our entertainment.”
Wilmot is not quite as philosophical about the whole affair as her neighbors. “That boat could literally come in my house!” she shrieks. “This is just like Star Wars. It’s devastating.” But in calmer moments, she too can ponder the strange vagaries of the tides. “There’s a strong possibility that if the boat had washed up on the Kennedy property,” she says, “it would be gone already.”
/n