Scott Disick and Bella Thorne Hold Hands After a Night of Hard Partying/n





                    Bella Thorne Flaunts Bikini Body in Scott Disick's Backyard
                







Back together again?

 MORE >>





Bella Thorne can’t seem to quit Scott Disick.

Despite telling fans she’s “not talking” to the reality star, the Famous in Love actress was spotted back in his arms — literally — as she partied the night away at 1OAK LA in West Hollywood Thursday (June 22, 2017). Joined by pal Lo Jeanne, the 19-year-old couldn’t help but to pack on a bit of PDA with Scott, 34, as they hit up Lana Del Rey’s birthday bash.
According to a party insider, the couple stayed until 2:30 a.m. before making their way to a residence in Beverly Hills for an after-party.





CREDIT: BACKGRID


Bella held hands with Scott when she was making her way to the car. Sitting in the back seat, the couple puffed on Parliament cigarettes as they were chauffeured to an after-party.
At the private celebration, Scott — who checked into rehab in 2015 for an addiction to alcohol — was photographed pounding back Corona beers. Meanwhile, Bella showed off her newly-tinted pink hair and mingled with guests at the house party.





CREDIT: BACKGRID


Previously, Bella claimed she left Scott in Cannes during their vacation due to his excessive drinking. “Scott is really nice, sweet, charming. I don’t drink, and he really drinks a lot. And it just ended up… I just wasn’t down. I was like, ‘I gotta leave,'” she recently told Complex. “I love to go out and have fun, I love to f**king dance, but I just don’t party hardcore like that and it was way too much for me. I was like, ‘Woah, this is not the way I live my life, bruh.'”
Earlier this week, Bella was also seen frolicking in Scott’s backyard in a tiny bikini, sparking rumors the two had reconciled after an alleged fallout.
Clearly, Scott’s lifestyle isn’t hindering their budding relationship one bit.


Scott Disick and Bella Thorne Hold Hands After Partying at 1OAK LA








































8 Photos »


/n