with her modern-day interpretation of Cher's iconic yellow plaid. We're loving the choice to pair it with a leather bustier. We're getting serious Delia's catalog vibes right now. /n
Clueless writer Amy Heckerling wants Katy Perry to star in the staged musical remake of the '90s classic, and we don't blame her. The singer is Heckerling's top pick to play Cher Horowitz according to Vulture. Heckerling notes, she may pine for Perry, "But you never know what will happen, she has a whole big schedule. It was like I love it, I wish I could do it." Um, same. Sure the jet-black, short hair she's been sporting as of late doesn't exactly scream, "Oh my God, I love Josh," but with a little makeup magic we know she could pull off the role. Look at them both killing that red tartan! 

Speaking of magic, Jezebel notes the film's original costume designer, Mona May, will be back to dress the cast once more. We have a feeling Katy won't need that much help in the wardrobe department, though. Her Cher-inspired outfits are always on point. So much so we put together a list of the five times Katy nailed Cher's iconic look, proving she's meant for the part. Katy, if you're reading this, we hope this convinces you to say yes to the (white, Calvin Klein) dress. 



Paramount; Gotcha Images/Splash News

No Monets in sight. No one can pull off the classic school girl look as well as these two. Blazers, printed skirts and knee-high socks aren't just for boring school uniforms anymore. 

Sporting jerseys for imaginary sports teams: so hot right now. 

We're loving that Cher had a little bit of a fashion dark side to her, something Katy rocks all too well. Isn't there a musical version of The Craft out there, too? These ladies need to audition. 

If you can hashtag werk this classic Clueless outfit, you can rock them all. Watch out Iggy Azalea, Katy stunned with her modern-day interpretation of Cher's iconic yellow plaid. We're loving the choice to pair it with a leather bustier. We're getting serious Delia's catalog vibes right now. 
/n