Loretta Lynn: Let Me Go Home To Die!/n
Stroke-stricken country music legend Loretta Lynn has been moved from a Nashville hospital to a rehab facility — despite her desperate plea to be allowed to die at home on her beloved tour bus!
That shocking — and tragic — revelation comes from a family insider, who exclusively reveals to RadarOnline, “Loretta knows she doesn’t have long on this earth and her biggest fear is to spend her last days in a sterile hospital or nursing home.
“She wants to be where her heart is — on her ranch,” confesses the confidant.
PHOTOS: Loretta Lynn Reunites With Lost Love Child
As Radar reported, the Coal Miner’s Daughter turned 85 on April 14 and appeared primed for an extraordinary 2017 — despite her ongoing health woes. She had 24-plus concerts scheduled and a new album, “Wouldn’t It Be Great,” ready to hit the airwaves.
She even wowed Nashville audiences in mid-April by performing a pair of shows at the famed Ryman Auditorium to celebrate her milestone birthday. But then Loretta’s big year came grinding to a halt, leaving her fans and family heartbroken — and the country great facing her sad final days in the last way she wanted!
The ailing star suffered a stroke on May 4, and though she survived the life-threatening crisis, her condition is so severe she was brought to the rehab facility, “where she can be taken care of much more attentively,” according to a tragic update on her website.
PHOTOS: Fractured Family: Mega-Rich Loretta Lynn Snubs Gravely Ill Granddaughter — See The Shocking Photos
What’s more, the troubling note to fans explains Loretta had no choice but to postpone ALL her upcoming shows on the advice of her doctors as she focuses her efforts on recovery.
“As it is now, she requires around-the-clock care,” the friend reports to Radar. “And her family realizes she might be in better hands at a facility where she can be catered to, watched and looked after, as much as it breaks their hearts.”
But despite receiving much-needed medical and personal attention, Loretta is still pleading to go home to the cherished 6,500-acre Hurricane Mills ranch in Tennessee she bought in 1975 with her late husband, Oliver “Doo” Lynn, who was also known as Mooney.
PHOTOS: Marilyn Monroe’s Most Chilling Quotes Before Her Troubling Death
Hurricane Mills is “where Mooney lived out his final days, and Loretta wants the same,” dishes the pal.
“She wants to see the grounds and lanes and trees that she and Mooney enjoyed [for] over 20 years.”
In particular, the friend says Loretta cannot bear the thought of never again seeing her beloved tour bus — the very one parked at Hurricane Mills, which she regularly slumbers in — even when she’s not on the road!
“Although she has a big mansion on the Hurricane Mills estate, Loretta still spends most nights out in the yard, sleeping on her tour bus,” a friend reveals.
“It’s just devastating to think her health may not allow that” … and she may never see it again.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n