This Buffy The Vampire Slayer Cast Reunion Is Like A Stake Through The Heart — But In A Good Way!/n

Buffy! Angel! The whole cast! Oh my!
Entertainment Weekly reunited all our faves from Buffy the Vampire Slayer twenty years since the premiere of the show, and it is magnificent!
Related: Take Our Buffy Quiz!
There's a cemetery photo shoot and everything! What more could we want???
Sarah Michelle Gellar, David Boreanaz, Alyson Hannigan, Emma Caulfield, Seth Green, creator Joss Whedon, and more come together to discuss the iconic show's legacy and why it has resonated so deeply with fans.
Sarah, who played titular character Buffy, reflected on the show as a metaphor for teen angst, saying: 
"It's the ultimate metaphor: horrors of adolescence manifesting through these actual monsters. It's the hardest time of life."
This observation was also echoed by David, who played vampire and Buffy's love interest Angel, who said:
"When you're going through a really horrible part of your life, like your teenage years, you feel alone. And Buffy was a way to tell the audience you're not alone."
Joss was overall more impressed with how well the entire cast had aged! He said:
"This is surreal. For the most part, this is like a high school reunion but much worse because they all still look really great. I was hoping some of them would puff out a bit. But that did not take place."
Hey, give it more time, LOLz!
Sarah and Alyson, who played Willow, also touched upon how the show had profoundly altered their lives, and that the roles themselves were everything they could have asked for and more!
Alyson said:
"It was the role of a lifetime. I met the love of my life [costar Alexis Denisof, who played timid Watcher Wesley]. And just to get to go to work every day and have Joss sort of train me — I'll never have a better experience than that."
And Sarah added:
"I'm so incredibly proud of what we all created. Sometimes you need distance to really understand the gravitas of that. I appreciate everything about that job. As an actor, all you ever want to do is leave your mark — you want to do something that affects people."
Watch a clip from the reunion interview (below)!

[Image via Entertainment Weekly]
/n