Watch Hulk Hogan's First Interview Since Sex Tape Lawsuit Victory/n
Hulk Hogan has been very emotional over his sex tape lawsuit victory against Gawker Media — and he’s ready to talk about it all.
In his first interview since the court ruling, the 62-year-old revealed to Good Morning America‘s Linzie Janis just how difficult the years-long battle has been for him.
“[Gawker] was hoping that, financially, I wouldn’t be able to stay in the game with them, and I’d quit or tap out or something,” he told Janis. “I felt like I had this monster on my shoulders no matter where I went.”
PHOTOS: Hulk Hogan Spotted For The First Time Since Racism Scandal — At The Gym After Being Fired By WWE!
As Radar previously reported, Hogan filed the bombshell lawsuit against Gawker for publishing clips of a video featuring him having sex with Heather Clem, the wife of his then-pal Bubba “The Love Sponge” Clem.
When the verdict was read in his favor, Hogan recalled his “crazy involuntary snort,” a reaction he attempted to stifle.
“I tried to not snort again, just…water just came pouring out of my eyes. I just started shaking. I couldn’t hear anything except the judge going, ‘Yes’ to that or ‘Yes’ to this or ‘Yes’ for damages. I don’t remember what they said,” the WWE champion said. “But it was just so overwhelming when I knew that we had won and people believed me. It was just — gosh, it was a moment. It was a moment.”
PHOTOS: Hulk Hogan Files Federal Lawsuit After Sex Tape Leaked
But the truth remains for Hogan that he “will be naked forever on the Internet.”
When meeting fans, or anyone for that matter, the former wrestler says he’ll always think about the video.
“What do they think of me? What is the dad really thinking?” he confessed. “Or has the kid pulled up the Hulk Hogan video? Gawker has made it so it’s available everywhere and forever. So I always worry what people think of me and it’s different than it used to be.”
PHOTOS: Busted… BIG TIME! 12 Hollywood Stars Caught On Camera Cheating!
In the meantime, Hogan has been trying to move on with his life.
“It’s great to be coming out on the other end of this dark cloud because behind this dark cloud the sun is really shining and it’s a huge blessing,” he says. “I’m just glad to be able to get this behind me and let people understand what happened so I can move forward with my life.” /n