Actress Estella Warren Arrested For DUI, Assault, & Escape  /n
By Adam S. LevyRadar Staff Writer
Actress Estella Warren, 32, is in custody early Tuesday after being arrested late Monday night after a bizarre run-in with cops that began when they stopped her for suspicion of DUI in Hollywood. 
EXCLUSIVE DOCUMENT:  Read The Booking Report 
Police tell RadarOnline.com that the Planet Of The Apes beauty failed a sobriety test in the field, and was taken into custody at 11:30 p.m. PT — but that’s apparently only the half of it.
According to one report, the actress was driving drunk in her Toyota Prius when she hit three parked cars and kept going. Cops caught up with her and arrested her, but not without a struggle, as police said she kicked an officer while resisting arrest. 
That’s when things really got interesting: handcuffed and in custody, the actress reportedly slinked out of the restraints and escaped though a back door.
PHOTOS: Celebrity Mugshots
Warren could be charged with DUI, assault, hit and run, and  felony escape.
Police would not reveal her blood alcohol level.
Her bail has been set at $100,000. In accordance with LAPD policy, Warren’s mug shot will not be released.
PHOTOS:  Celebs Who Have Battled Drinking Problems
 Warren, a native of Canada, has a background as a synchronized swimmer, having trained at the Etobicoke Olympium in Etobicoke, Toronto. 
She got her break into show business when she was spotted by a talent scout, which eventually led her to be inked by a high-brow New York modeling firm. 
From there, the beauty appeared in magazines such as Sports Illustrated, Vogue, Vanity Fair and Maxim, topping the men’s mag’s Hot 100 Babe List in 2000.
PHOTOS: Lindsay Lohan Returns From AA Meeting
Her film career includes credits in 2001’s Planet of the Apes, 2003’s The Cooler and 2003’s Kangaroo Jack. 
Stay with RadarOnline.com for more on this breaking story.
 
RELATED STORIES:
Desperate Housewives Star Arrested — Wife’s Tricky Call To His Dad (And He’s A Judge!)
Singer Rick Springfield Arrested For DUI
Baseball Star Derek Lowe Arrested For Drunk Driving — See His Mug Shot /n