16 of the Most Adorable and/or Drunken Golden Globes Moments/n





                    That Time The Golden Globes Accidentally Mixed Up America Ferrera and Gina Rodriguez
                







NOPE.

 MORE >>





The best drunken award show moments happen at the Golden Globes, clearly making the Globes the best award show of the season.

This year’s 73rd Annual Golden Globe Awards is going to be held on Sunday (Jan. 10) and hosted (again) by Ricky Gervais, so get your olives and martini shakers ready.
In celebration of the best talent in movies and television, let’s see what happens when celebrities are let loose on live television while they’re three sheets to the wind. Just a note: not all of these are alcohol-induced moments, but certainly they’re all 100% adorable whether actually spurred by drunkenness or not.


26 First-Time Nominees at the 73rd Annual Golden Globe Awards 








































26 Photos »


Here are 16 adorable, and/or drunken moments from the Golden Globes:
1. Drunk Cate Blanchett (accepting the award for Best Actress for Blue Jasmine) in 2013 is still elegant even with a few vodkas under her belt. She also went on to win Best Actress at the Oscars.





2. Meryl Streep, essentially the queen of any and all awards shows, accepted yet another Golden Globe award for Best Actress for The Iron Lady in 2012, and also went on to win the Oscar. A flustered Streep forgot her glasses, proclaiming “OH shiiiii-eeeet”:





3. Anytime Julia Louis-Dreyfus is on-screen is a moment to remember, including in 2014 when she hilariously smoked an e-cigarette whilst fanning away a thirsty Reese Witherspoon, all while being heckled by the evening’s hosts Tina Fey and Amy Poehler:










CREDIT: Giphy


4. No need to wait for the actual event. Julia Roberts day drank like a pro before the 2010 Globes and gave an entertaining, bubbly red carpet interview with Billy Bush alongside Rita Wilson, Tom Hanks and Roberts’ agent Richard Lovett. Michelle Obama got a birthday shout out, they took jabs at NBC by saying they were “in the toilet right now,” and so much more.





5. Then there was that time when Andrew Garfield forgot English, specifically the word “inspiringly.”







Highlights from the Golden Globes Official Instagram 








































20 Photos »


6. Adele won a Globe in 2013 for Best Original Song for “Skyfall,” commenting onstage “we’ve been pissin’ ourselves laughing all night!” with that amazing cackle of hers:





7. Chrissy Teigen’s cry face. The resulting meme. Enough said.










CREDIT: Giphy


8. The amazing and iconic Elizabeth Taylor almost jumped the gun and announced the winner of the Best Motion Picture, Drama category before even announcing the nominees in 2001. Basically, Taylor is the best, happiest, funnest drunk there is:





9. Harrison Ford slurred his way through his 2002 acceptance speech for the Cecil B. Demille Award, making it all the more awkward with some uncomfortable, ill-timed pauses:





10. In 2013, Glenn Close was called out by Fey and Poehler. “Look how drunk Glenn Close is,” they remarked, as the camera panned to Close dancing in her seat:





11. The cast of Bridesmaids (i.e. the original squad and only squad that matters: Melissa McCarthy, Kristen Wiig and Maya Rudolph) played a drinking game in 2012 in which every time you hear the word Scorsese, you drink (and get drunk):





12. A giggly, inebriated and super excited Sharon Stone presented the nominees for Best Actor in 2003. After shouting Richard Gere as the winner for his role in Chicago, Stone couldn’t help but hilariously interrupt his acceptance speech several times:





13. Jack Nicholson admitted to taking a valium earlier in the evening back in 2003 when he won for Best Actor for About Schmidt, proceeding to mumble through his acceptance speech. He flirted with Nicole Kidman and praised her “old nose” (in reference to the fake nose she sported in The Hours), and called Kathy Bates “The Bates Motel”:





14. Emma Thompson graced the stage barefoot with her martini glass in hand in 2014, like the classy as fuh lady she is. Holding her Christian Louboutins in her hand, she quips she knows how hard screenplays are “to get great,” asks for the envelope, throws her heels behind her head and hands her martini off so she can announce the winner of Best Screenplay:





15. Poehler, the evening’s co-host, and Bono unexpectedly made out after it was announced that she had won the award for Best Actress in a TV Series, Musical or Comedy in 2014 for Parks and Recreation. Leading up to the PDA, Bono was giving her an intense back massage:










CREDIT: Giphy


16. And lastly, eponymous host Gervais. The controversial comic doesn’t hide the fact that he likes to have a good time whilst putting anyone and everyone on blast. Here he is in 2012 opening up the show with a cold one in hand:







Golden Globes 2015 Show and Backstage Photos	








































40 Photos »


/n