Gavin Rossdale Reportedly Cheated on Gwen Stefani with the Nanny/n





                    Gwen Stefani Candidly Talks About 'Unexpected' Gavin Rossdale Divorce 
                







+ Writing 'Used to Love You'

 MORE >>





Looks like we have yet another Nannygate situation on our hands.
Gavin Rossdale apparently was doing the dirty deed with their nanny for years, “right under” Gwen Stefani’s nose.



Gwen Stefani and Gavin Rossdale: Date Night at Madeo	








































6 Photos »


Us Weekly reports that Stefani discovered the rocker’s 3-year-affair with the family’s longtime nanny, Mindy Mann, back in February. The timeline makes sense since earlier this week Gwen admitted that her divorce from Gavin, her husband of 13 years, was “unexpected” and that “everybody knows that my life blew up last February…”
According to Us Weekly, Stefani found explicit texts (including nude photos of Mann and plans on when to meet for sex) exchanged between Rossdale and the nanny on the family’s iPad.
In other words, that damn iCloud.
A source explains, “The iPad was linked to Gavin’s phone. One of the other nannies discovered the exchange and told Gwen.”
Keep in mind, Mann was the nanny for their three young sons – Kingston, 9, Zuma, 7, and Apollo, 20 months. And since their affair lasted three years, that means it was ongoing while Stefani was pregnant with their youngest son, Apollo.


Gwen Stefani & Gavin Rossdale in Happier Times








































7 Photos »


After Stefani confronted the Bush frontman about the sexy texts, Mann was fired. At first Rossdale insisted it was only a “flirtation,” according to a source, finally confessing to the affair months later. That’s when Stefani decided to end their marriage. As you may remember, the couple announced their plans to divorce in August (continuing the summer of dead love).
A source says that Rossdale’s affair “completely devastated her” and that the No Doubt front-woman “was mortified, livid, and embarrassed.”
Stefani has since moved on and recently started dating her Voice co-star, Blake Shelton. But Rossdale is apparently suspicious about when their new relationship started, and thinks that Stefani is trying to make him out to be the bad guy.
Us Weekly notes that Stefani’s rep could not be reached, and Rossdale’s rep declined to comment.


Gwen Stefani & Gavin Rossdale Take Their Kids to the Park	








































8 Photos »


 
/n