A-Rod Is Lying! See The Proof He Booked A Sex Date With His Mistress Months Ago/n
One day after RadarOnline.com published The National ENQUIRER‘s exclusive interview with Alex Rodriguez‘s mistress, Lauren Hunter, pals of the star are insisting that A-Rod hasn’t been in contact with Hunter for years. But Radar has obtained proof that Rodriguez and his assistant were emailing Lauren with travel details for a November 2016 sex date!
A copy of Hunter’s flight itinerary for November 2, 2016, clearly states that it was provided to her by A-Rod’s assistant and the baseballer himself.
READ The Itinerary Here
These email exchanges, dated one day before Hunter’s flight, show discussion between Rodriguez and his assistant regarding Hunter’s flight details.
“Heidi — when is the return flight?” Rodriguez wrote his assistant, Heidi Bitter, in the email chain dated November 1, 2016.
As the itinerary reveals, Hunter was in Cleveland, Ohio until the morning of November 2, when A-Rod attended the World Series. Rodriguez even posted his whereabouts on Instagram at the time, confirming his sexy Cleveland romp with Hunter the day before the big game.





 Always getting my notes ready, LOL … Who's excited for tonight? Nothing beats #Game7! What a fantastic end to a memorable #WorldSeries @foxsports @jblaudio #JBLAudio
A post shared by Alex Rodriguez (@arod) on Nov 2, 2016 at 10:38am PDT



What’s more, the phone number listed on the itinerary document matches the contact information of A-Rod’s assistant!
On November 2, Hunter flew from Cleveland, Ohio to St. Louis, Missouri with a first-class ticket, leaving her secret lover behind for business.
PHOTOS: Read The Raunchy Sext Messages Between A-Rod & His Fitness Model Mistress!
As readers know, A-Rod has been caught red-handed cheating on current girlfriend, Jennifer Lopez. Raunchy text messages exchanged between the MLB star and Hunter in May of this year were obtained by Radar.
Hunter described Rodriguez as a serial cheater with a kinky fetish for rough sex, adding that his relationship with Lopez was fake and that he was not attracted to the 47-year-old singer.
But while sources close to A-Rod attempt to deny the allegations, these emails tell a different story.
Story Developing.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n