Jim Carrey Set To Face Trial Over Ex-Girlfriend's Death/n
Jim Carrey is set to face trial over the death of ex-girlfriend Cathriona White, following accusations that he supplied the drugs used in her suicide.
According to reports, a judge at Los Angeles Superior Court ruled today not to throw out the wrongful death case filed by White’s mother and ex-husband.
As Radar readers know, Cathriona’s mom Brigid Sweetman, sued Carrey for wrongful death, accusing the comedian of giving her daughter multiple STD’s throughout the course of their relationship.
Sweetman said Carrey’s “fixers” succeeded in convincing White to stay silent on the matter, causing her severe emotional pain in the months before her overdose on Ambien, Percocet and Propranolol — drugs Sweetman claims Carrey provided her with.
PHOTOS: A Final Goodbye: Jim Carrey Carries Cathriona’s Casket At Irish Funeral Following Tragic Suicide
White’s mother sued demanding general damages, funeral and burial expenses and punitive damages.
Carrey has vehemently denied all allegations against him, insisting he didn’t give prescription pills to his ex-girlfriend — she stole them.
The actor’s lawyer, Raymond Boucher, had previously filed a motion to have the case dismissed.
“Mr. Carrey loved Ms. White dearly and so obviously it will be a very painful process for him,” said Boucher following the hearing.
PHOTOS: Love Gone Wrong: Jim Carrey & Cathriona White In Happier Times Before Her Shocking Suicide
Sweetman’s lawyer Ahmed Ibrahim said: “We are clearly not alleging that Jim Carrey was selling drugs out of the back of his pickup truck and was therefore not marketing or selling in the traditional sense of what that word would bring to mind.”
White was found dead on September 28, 2015, four days after dying from an intentional overdose in her Sherman Oaks home. She and Carrey and broken up just days before her passing.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n