Everything You Need to Know About: ‘Inferno’/n





                    People Are Struggling to Decide If This Is a Picture of Bill Murray or Tom Hanks
                







The Internet cannot decide whether this is a photo of...

 MORE >>





This weekend, Dan Brown’s literary hero Robert Langdon (Tom Hanks) is heading to multiplexes everywhere with a race against time to stop a global disaster in Inferno. Once again the Oscar-winning actor partnered with director Ron Howard to create the third installment in the series, this time exploring an ancient text that could hold the secret to a terrifying virus. Interested? Here’s the must-know details!

Who’s in it?
Besides Hanks, the film stars Felicity Jones as the Professor Langdon’s partner in this international thriller. The cast also includes Omar Sy, Sidse Babett Knudsen, Irrfan Khan, Ana Ularu and Ben Foster.

What’s it about?
Langdon wakes in a hospital with no memory of the last few days. Soon he finds himself on the run from assassins with a doctor named Sienna (Jones) as they attempt to uncover the origin and purpose of a virus nicknamed “Inferno” using Dante’s poem of the same name and the artist Botticelli’s accompanying illustration. It’s one part history lesson and one part thrill ride!

Why should I care?
For many movie-goers, this might not be the weekend outing you’re imagining. But if you love Hanks or book upon which this adventure is based, it should satisfy that itch.





Here’s what critics are saying:
“The Da Vinci Code was adequate but forgettable. Angels & Demons was godawful. Inferno is somewhere in between – watchable but by no means worth the money and effort necessary to see it theatrically.”
-James Berardinelli [ReelViews]

“Hanks is one of the most likable actors on the planet. But Inferno just lays there onscreen, pancake-flat and with no animating spark to make us give a damn.”
-Peter Travers [Rolling Stone]

“You want an audience to care about the fate of the protagonist, no matter what the situation? Cast Tom Hanks. You want a young actress who can suggest fierce intelligence and conviction? Cast Felicity Jones.”
-Mick LaSalle [San Francisco Chronicle]

“Sometimes Howard cuts to images of pained souls writhing in unending anguish. Sometimes Hanks can’t remember anything that happened. I understood them. I envied him.”
-Stephen Whitty [Newark Star-Ledger]


Tom Hanks' 10 Biggest Box Office Hits








































10 Photos »


/n