Norman Reedus Is Getting His Own Show (No, It's Not Another Walking Dead Spinoff) Prepare for double the Norman Reedus on AMC. The Walking Dead fan-favorite is partnering up with the network for a new reality series, Ride With Norman Re.../n
Prepare for double the Norman Reedus on AMC.The Walking Dead fan-favorite is partnering up with the network for a new reality series, Ride With Norman Reedus, which will focus on motorcycle culture and its history. The six-episode series will debut in 2016 and will follow Reedus, a motorcycle enthusiast, as he hits the open road to explore local motorcycle culture and celebrate some of the best and brightest collectors, mechanics and motorcycle craftsmen around the country. "I'm incredibly excited and thankful to AMC for giving me the opportunity to share a passion of mine with our fans, and hopefully a whole new audience. I had a lot of fun filming and exploring, and I hope it shows," Reedus said in a statement. 

 Earlier this month, Reedus channeled Daryl Dixon and showed off his love for motorcycles when he rode one into The Walking Dead's season six fan premiere in New York City.Per AMC, each episode of his new series will begin in a different city and feature a  riding companion (think a fellow actor, musician, friend or local chopper fanatic) as they journey to a new destination, stopping at various locales along the way. "We love being the home of people's passion projects, and there is nobody more passionate about motorcycles than Norman Reedus," said Joel Stillerman, president of original programming and development for AMC and SundanceTV.  "He is an avid rider and aficionado who is deeply immersed in motorcycle culture. There is also nobody more fun to hang out with. This show will bring those two elements together for a weekly ride into the incredible world of motorcycles and the people who live and breathe them."Ken Druckerman, co-president of Left/Right, added, "Norman's interest in motorcycle culture and his natural ability to make friends wherever the road takes him are just two of the key ingredients that make this show so exciting for us. We look forward to taking viewers on a fun, imaginative, and revealing ride." Ride With Norman Reedus will premiere in 2016 on AMC. The Walking Dead airs Sundays on AMC.  Are you excited for Reedus' new series? Sound off in the comments!
/n