Elton John Will Not Perform at Donald Trump’s Inauguration/n





                    Donald Trump Won’t Pursue Charges Against Hillary Clinton 
                







So much for that email scandal. 

 MORE >>










                    Mike Pence Booed at 'Hamilton' Performance
                







This must've been the first time someone actually booed during a 'Hamilton' show. 

 MORE >>





Contrary to what a member of Donald Trump’s transition team believes, Elton John will not be playing at the former The Apprentice host’s inauguration this January.

The rumor was first started by Anthony Scaramucci, who Trump named as a part of his Presidential Transition Team Executive Committee, when he told BBC program HARDtalk that John, an openly gay man, will perform at the ceremony.
“This will be the first American president in U.S. history that enters the White House with a pro-gay-rights stance,” he said, before claiming, “Elton John is going to be doing our concert on the mall for the inauguration.”
Of course, this news shocked many John fans as Mike Pence, the next Vice President of the United States, has openly established himself as an anti-LGBT politician, having previously supported conversion therapy and opposed a law that would prohibit discrimination against LGBT people.

.@realDonaldTrump transition team member Anthony @Scaramucci says his boss supports gay rights and Elton John will play the Inauguration pic.twitter.com/mEyPZ5ZVZj
— BBC HARDtalk (@BBCHARDtalk) November 22, 2016

A spokesperson for John denied the singer’s involvement in the forthcoming inauguration.
“Incorrect. He will NOT be performing,” John’s publicist, Fran Curtis, told the New York Times. She then told the BBC, “There is no truth in this at all.”
In February, the “Rocket Man” singer explained that he wants to distance himself from U.S. politics after Trump used some of his songs during his campaign rallies without authorization.
“I don’t really want my music to be involved in anything to do with an American election campaign,” the 69-year-old told the Guardian.
“I’m British,” he continued. “I’ve met Donald Trump, he was very nice to me. It’s nothing personal. His political views are his own, mine are very different, I’m not a Republican in a million years.”


President Barack Obama Meets with Donald Trump








































7 Photos »


/n