LAPD Says Brad Pitt Is Not Being Investigated for Child Abuse, Despite Reports/n





                    Marion Cotillard Responds to Brad Pitt Rumors, Confirms Pregnancy
                







Marion Cotillard is only going to say this once.

 MORE >>





It was rumored that Brad Pitt was being investigated for child abuse following the news of his pending divorce from Angeline Jolie.

Update — Sept. 22, 11:01 a.m. ET:
The Los Angeles Police Department tells Us Weekly that Pitt is not being investigated for child abuse despite earlier reports from TMZ that claimed that the LAPD and the L.A. County Department of Children and Family Services were looking into an instance when Pitt became “verbally abusive and physical” with his kids during a flight on his family’s private jet last week.
“LAPD is not handling any report or allegations into child abuse for Mr. Brad Pitt,” the LAPD said in a statement on Thursday, September 22.
The Public Information Officer for the LAPD adds, “We don’t have anything on Brad Pitt right now. We have confirmed with the detectives, and according to our detectives there are no active investigations regarding Brad Pitt.”

Previously — Sept. 22, 10:23 a.m. ET:
According to TMZ, Pitt is being investigated by the  LAPD and L.A. County Dept. of Children and Family Services after an incident on a private jet last week. Sources close to the situation say Pitt got plastered during the family’s flight last week and allegedly became enraged, screaming and even getting physical with their children. Pitt’s antics reportedly continued even after the plane landed, with the actor trying to leave the tarmac in one of the fuel trucks and not with his family.


	Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt at ‘By The Sea’ Premiere








































10 Photos »


Someone either on the flight or on the tarmac anonymously reported the incident, which led to the investigation. So far, Pitt and Jolie have reportedly been interviewed by DCFS, and the case is still open pending interviews with the children.
Sources close to the couple told People the incident on the plane is what lead Jolie to file for divorce just days later. “She sat down, talked to Brad and offered to file [for divorce] together,” the source revealed. “She said, ‘This is what I’d like to do.’ She explained everything. Angelina did what she felt she needed to do.”
Pitt reportedly begged Jolie to reconsider, but her mind was made up. “He was appealing to her to do this quietly – not to save the marriage but to consider the well-being of the children – and it was ignored,” said a source close to the actor. “He is just wrecked by this.”


Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt's Kids Appear in 'Vogue'








































7 Photos »


/n