Nina Dobrev Opens Up About Zits & Unrealistic Beauty Standards In Ocean Drive — While Looking Flawless On The Cover!/n

Nina Dobrev is absolutely slaying on the cover of September's Ocean Drive!
But she doesn't want that to cover up her message.
Photos: Nina & Glen Powell Are The Adorable Celeb Couple We Didn't Know We Needed!
While showing off her gymnastics bod and gorgeous skin in a skimpy knit Prada top, the Vampire Diaries star opens up inside the mag about her goal fixing the unrealistic beauty standards put on little girls:

"It's so not real—that's the scariest part. And now we have apps that can Photoshop anything and everything, which puts out an image that's not realistic. Young girls see this image and think that's what they should be and that's how they should wake up."
She put her moneymaker where her mouth is earlier this year, going completely makeup free for this year's People's Most Beautiful People issue.
She explained: 

"That was one of the main reasons that I wanted to be a part of that issue and especially proud to represent the section [with no makeup on]. I don't wear makeup on a daily basis. I try to reflect that on my social media, too. When I do Instagram stories, I'm not all dolled up and glamorous, it's a peek into my day-to-day life, which is kind of normal and average."
Normal and average? Really?? We see those pics (above), gurl.
Nina is willing to reveal her warts and all to get her message across. Well, not warts…

"I get pimples and zits all the time and I deal with them just like anybody else, with zit cream. Sometimes I walk out of the house with the zit cream and forget about it. And that's just life, it's unpredictable and awkward and we all feel insecure all the time but that's completely normal and okay and everybody has good days and bad days. It's especially important now to show young girls that and to make them aware that they are perfect exactly the way they are."
LOVES it!
What do YOU think of Nina's message??
[Image via Ocean Drive Magazine.]
/n