 Conrad Roy's Mom Speaks Out For First Time After Text Killer Michelle Carter Found Guilty.../n
Lynn Roy decided to come forward and do her first interview about late son, Conrad Roy III, who carried out his suicide with the help of teen girlfriend Michelle Carter.
“I don’t believe she has a conscience,” she told CBS’ Erin Moriarty during 48 hours on June 16.
As Radar readers know, days before Roy was found dead inside his pickup truck on July 13, 2014, he and Carter were in a texting frenzy about his suicide plan.
PHOTOS: The Most Infamous Cold Case Murders
“I think your parents know you’re in a really bad place,” one of Carter’s messages said to Roy on July 11. “I’m not saying they want you to do it, but I honestly feel like they can except it. They know there’s nothing they can do, they’ve tried helping, everyone’s tried. But there’s a point that comes where there isn’t anything anyone can do to save you, not even yourself, and you’ve hit that point and I think your parents know you’ve hit that point. You said you’re mom saw the suicide thing on your computer and she didn’t say anything. I think she knows it’s on your mind, and she’s prepared for it.”
But Roy’s mother said during her 48 hours interview, “The fact that she would say to him, ‘Your family will get over you.’ How is that even — I will never get over him.”
“I think she needs to be held responsible for her actions ’cause she knew exactly what she was doing,” added his mother. “She knew exactly what she was doing and what she said.”
PHOTOS: Bodyguards Gone Wild! Drugs, Murder, Assault & Other Crimes Committed By Hollywood’s Hired Muscle
Radar reported Carter’s verdict was handed to her on June 16, 2017, where she was found guilty for constantly encouraging him to commit suicide.
Roy’s father spoke after the guilty verdict: “I would like to say how thankful we are to Judge Moniz and to the prosecution team. This has been a very tough time for our family and we would like to just process this verdict that we’re happy with.”
PHOTOS: Most Notorious American Murder Trials
Carter was scheduled to be sentenced on August 3, 2017, for the involuntary manslaughter crime.
Stay with Radar for updates.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n