Man Arrested For Allegedly Threatening Ariana Grande's Concert In Costa Rica — Details Here/n

What a scary situation.
On Monday, it was reported that a man was arrested for allegedly attempting to plan a terror attack at Ariana Grande's concert in Costa Rica. Not again!
Related: Ariana Paid Tribute To The Youngest Victim Of The Manchester Attack
It's said detectives launched a manhunt for the suspected culprit on Saturday after he posted threatening messages in Arabic on a website for concert organizers. Thankfully, it seems as though local authorities have tracked down the man in question as a 22-year-old, with the last name Caicedo Lopez, was picked up following a raid on his apartment yesterday.
Reportedly, during the raid on the residence outside of San Jose, officers were able to apprehend the two cellphones which were used to make the troubling threats. Phew.
Of course, this news is particularly troubling as it comes mere months after a suicide bomber killed 22 people and injured countless others at the pop starlet's gig at the Manchester Arena. Thus, officials were worried a copycat attack was in the works. Eek.
Related: Ariana May Become The First Honorary Citizen Of Manchester!
Judicial Investigation Department director Walter Espinoza led the investigation against Caicedo Lopez and noted in a recent statement:
"The original threat was in the Arabic language and indicated that there could be a situation of danger or an attack at the concert. It was a very sensitive situation."
After the authorities were able to trace the origin of the hostile notes, a raid on Caicedo Lopez's apartment was scheduled for dawn. It's believed this investigation was a success due to the joint efforts of Costa Rica's Department of Intelligence and National Security and the Ministry of Public Security.
At the end of the day, Grande's July 9 concert was able to go on as planned — BUT, fans were forced to go through three security checks. Better safe than sorry!
Although the Into You singer has yet to comment on the scare, she did send her love to Costa Rica as she took to Instagram and posted:




I love you, Costa Rica 🌙A post shared by Ariana Grande (@arianagrande) on Jul 10, 2017 at 4:39am PDT


Awwww. We're just glad another tragedy didn't occur!
[Image via WENN.]
/n