Prince Harry and Meghan Markle Just Bought Their First Christmas Tree as a Couple Together/n





                    Meghan Markle Discusses What it Means to Be Biracial in Hollywood
                







"I wasn’t black enough for the black roles and I wasn’t white enough for the white ones."

 MORE >>










                    Prince William Shows Support for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's Relationship
                







Brotherly love. 

 MORE >>





Things look to be getting serious for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, who just hit a relationship milestone right before the holidays.

The couple, who started dating this summer, just purchased their very own Christmas tree. According to the Telegraph, the British royal and the Suits star were spotted looking at trees at Pines and Needles in Battersea Park on Monday night (Dec. 13, 2016).
“I had no idea who he was at all. I was talking to the girl mostly — she was really nice. She told me that she was from L.A. and I said it was sunny over there and she said, ‘Yes, it’s cold over here,'” Zaqia Crawford, who served the duo, told the publication. “We talked about the food here and in the United States and what kind of things I like to eat here.”


Rihanna and Prince Harry Get Tested for HIV








































8 Photos »


The 30-year-old added, “He asked me what my favorite thing to eat here was and I said I don’t know, I’m home sick. They offered to help me [with the tree] because I was struggling a bit.”
Staff at the Christmas-themed store said the twosome held hands after browsing around for 30 minutes. While Harry didn’t buy a Christmas tree stand or lights, he did pick up a six-foot, non-drop Nordmann Fir for which he paid £65 (roughly $82). The 32-year-old also reportedly donated £1 to charity before carrying out the tree by himself with his girlfriend.
“The girl who served him is American so she didn’t realize it was him. Me and the other guy were netting a huge tree and eventually looked up and realized it was him. He had a woolly hat on,” Ollie Wilkinson, another staff member at the store, said. “Because his girlfriend is American they were chatting about living in this country and he was asking about how many trees we sold a year and how much we donated to the charity.”


Prince Harry Visits Guyana








































13 Photos »


“Then I gave him a bunch of mistletoe — he smelled one of the berries and said it ‘smelled a bit weird’ and [Meghan] said she liked it,” the 22-year-old continued. “Then they got into the car. They walked off holding hands with [Prince Harry] holding the tree in one hand.”
“It was a bit weird seeing Prince Harry browsing the Christmas trees,” onlooker Gary Spence shared. “I thought he’d go for the biggest one around, but he just wanted a little six footer.”
As previously reported, Harry met up with Markle in Toronto, Canada following his visit to the Caribbean. There, the 35-year-old actress was spotted wearing a necklace baring the initials of their two names.


Rihanna Meets Prince Harry in Barbados








































8 Photos »


/n