Courtney Love on Raising Daughter Frances Bean Cobain Out of the Spotlight: I Wanted to Give ‘Her a Normal Childhood’/n
In the years following Kurt Cobain‘s death, his widow Courtney Love did her best to raise their daughter Frances Bean out of the public eye.
During a recent appearance on Good Morning America, Love, 52, opened up about how she managed to give Frances a private life in the wake of such a headline-making death.
“Just by not exploiting her too much,” the rocker said. “Not letting her get photographed and giving her a normal childhood — as normal as possible for living in Beverly Hills.”
Frances Bean (left) and Courtney LoveSean Zanni/Patrick McMullan via Getty
Frances was just 1 1/2 when Cobain committed suicide at his Seattle home at age 27. The legendary star left a suicide note, in which he mentioned his young daughter.
“Please keep going Courtney for Frances,” he wrote. “For her life will be so much happier without me. I love you. I love you.”
During her interview with GMA, Love said Frances, now 24, reminds her of her late husband.


WATCH: @Courtney Love's life outside of the spotlight; star bond with daughter Frances Bean and more: https://t.co/jGJ0mfxdGD pic.twitter.com/YfH9EzELBY
— Good Morning America (@GMA) June 7, 2017

“She looks a lot like him,” she said. “She’s enigmatic like he was. She’s got a very dry, kind of, sick sense of humor that he had. I mean, he had a really sick sense of humor, but dry.”
She added of Frances: “She’s able to cut people down with one line like he was able to do.”
Love said she spends a lot of time with her daughter. “We like to do art together. We like to play guitar together. We hang out a lot.”
See Where 6 Stars Were Before They Were Famous

Now, as Frances steps into adult life — in the shadow of her famous father — Love said she has one piece of advice for her daughter: “I just tell her to follow her heart and do what she wants to do.”
“I’m so proud of her,” Love said. “She won’t do anything until she does it on her own. She’s very stubborn that way.”
Who does Frances get that trait from? “Me, probably,” Love said with a laugh.
/n