Donald Trump and Angela Merkel, at G20 Summit, Finally Make Up for Cringeworthy White House Handshake Snub/n
 
President Donald Trump and German Chancellor Angela Merkel shook hands at the G20 Summit in Hamburg, Germany, on Thursday — less than four months after the president notably appeared to snub Merkel’s request for a handshake during their first face-to-face meeting at the White House in March.
CNN reported that the two leaders “seemed very casual with one another” on Thursday afternoon as they entered a room at the conference and chatted while reporters took photos of the moment.
The outlet also noted that “it sounded like they were talking about Trump’s arrival,” and that when they shook hands, they were “looking directly at each other.”


Trump-Merkel handshake didn't happen in March. It did today. https://t.co/WgoHbRExPd
— Meg Wagner (@megwagner) July 6, 2017

Trump didn’t answer when asked what the two leaders would be discussing in their meeting.
RELATED VIDEO: Exclusive: Natasha Stoynoff Speaks Out: ‘I Don’t Want Women to Feel Afraid’

Trump drew scrutiny in March when he seemingly declined to shake Merkel’s hand during a photo opp in the Oval Office.


Merkel asks Trump: “Do you want to have a handshake?”The U.S. president did not respond.https://t.co/dgLHkN1H7o pic.twitter.com/ChonvrLITV
— POLITICO (@politico) March 17, 2017

The awkward moment was caught on video and showed Merkel turning toward Trump and asking, “Do you want to have a handshake?” Trump did not respond and continued looking forward. Press secretary Sean Spicer later told the German weekly Der Spiegel: “I don’t believe [the president] heard the request.”


Trump's trip to Poland is going well. pic.twitter.com/ykWMlKEuwu
— Andy Ha (@_AndyHa) July 6, 2017

Although Trump and Merkel seemingly mended fences with their highly anticipated handshake Thursday, the president found himself at the receiving end of a perceived snub earlier in the day. After delivering a speech in Warsaw’s Krasinski Square ahead of the G20 summit, Trump went to shake the hands of his hosts, Polish President Andrzej Duda and First Lady Agata Kornhauser-Duda. However, the first lady walked right past him to first shake hands with her American counterpart, Melania Trump.
Video of the interaction has since gone viral.
/n