Ben McKenzie and Pregnant Morena Baccarin (with Baby Bump) Make Red Carpet Debut as a Couple/n





                    Ben McKenzie and Morena Baccarin Are Definitely, Maybe Getting Married
                







Details on their love here.

 MORE >>





What a beautiful family in the making.

Gotham co-stars Ben McKenzie and Morena Baccarin (and baby bump) made their red carpet debut as a couple last night in New York city for the Sierra Club’s Act in Paris, A Night of Comedy and Climate Action for Heath event.





CREDIT: Getty Images


The private pair announced they were expecting a baby together (and possibly getting married) back in September, after rumors were going around that they began dating.


Ben McKenzie and Pregnant Morena Baccarin (with Baby Bump) Make Red Carpet Debut as a Couple 






















3 Photos »


As was previously reported, news of their possible engagement was revealed in Baccarin’s divorce documents from estranged husband, film producer and director Austin Chick. The papers stated, “Today, I am in a new committed relationship. I am planning to re-marry. Also, I am 3 1/2 months pregnant.”
Chick filed for divorce in June after four years of marriage, citing irreconcilable differences. He allegedly claimed that Baccarin and McKenzie had started dating while they were still married. While the Homeland alum and Chick currently share joint custody of their 2-year-old son Julius, on Tuesday (Nov. 10) Entertainment Tonight reported that Chick has “changed his mind” about co-parenting in NYC. Chick, who lives in Los Angeles, originally agreed in September to relocate to New York to co-parent because Baccarin is pregnant and cannot fly (aka “medical and financial reasons”). According to the docs, he’s now decided not to relocate upon learning that Baccarin has “a new boyfriend,” and has returned to Los Angeles with his son.
A hearing on child and spousal support is set for Nov. 19, and so their messy custody battle and divorce continues…
Check out the gallery above to see more pics of Ben McKenzie and Morena Baccarin making their red carpet debut as a couple. 


Ben McKenzie and Morena Baccarin at 2015 FOX Upfronts	








































7 Photos »


[Entertainment Tonight]
/n