Kim Kardashian Says Caitlyn Jenner “F**ked Everyone Over,” And Kris Jenner “100 Percent” Agrees!/n





                    Kim Kardashian Slams Caitlyn Jenner: "Grow Up!"
                







Kim Kardashian is Team Kris Jenner all the way.

 MORE >>










                    Caitlyn Jenner Reveals Kris Jenner's Reaction to Her Memoir
                







How did the momager react to the tell-all?

 MORE >>





Kris Jenner and Kim Kardashian are sick and tired of Caitlyn Jenner’s accusations.

In a new sneak peek at the upcoming episode of Keeping Up with the Kardashians, the mother-and-daughter duo lash out at the Olympian for dragging their family in her tell-all memoir, The Secrets of My Life, and accusing Kris of “hoarding” money during their 23-year marriage.
“She never paid a bill from 1972,” Kris tells Kim. “She didn’t know how much a gardener was, and in the book writes: ‘Well, Kris didn’t need me anymore. All the checks for Keeping Up with the Kardashians, they all went to Kris.’ Went to Kris?! How about it went to the mortgage, and the insurance, and education?”
“You start talking about how I was hoarding money when we didn’t even have it?” the momager, clearly outraged, continues.


the evolution of caitlyn jenner








































28 Photos »


Kris also blasts Caitlyn for allegedly lying about the dissolution of her marriage to second wife Linda Thompson. The 61-year-old matriarch claims she wouldn’t have quickly jumped into a relationship with Caitlyn had the 67-year-old medalist been honest about her struggles with gender identity.
“I said to Cait: ‘You were married before, how did you and your last wife break up?’ And she weaves this elaborate story about how she and Linda broke up,” she recalls. “Cate could have told me the story that she writes about in the book, which is: ‘Gee, Linda got so angry and nasty that Cate had to tell her about her gender dysphoria.’ Like, why wouldn’t you have just told me what happened with Linda so at least I could make my own decision if I wanted to get married to someone who really wanted to be a woman?”



A post shared by Caitlyn Jenner (@caitlynjenner) on Oct 21, 2016 at 12:11pm PDT



“She just literally started three families with three different people and f**ed everyone over,” Kim says of Caitlyn, who shares two children with each of her ex-wives: Chrystie Crownover, Thompson, and Kris.
“One hundred percent,” Kris agrees. “But [she] can’t handle that negative publicity, so I’m going to be the scapegoat. She’s going to throw me under the bus.”
Kris and Kim have reportedly stopped talking to Caitlyn since the release of the book. According to Kim, there’s “zero” chance her mom would ever speak to her former stepdad again.
“No, I would say two percent,” she later told Andy Cohen on Watch What Happens Live. “And those are Kendall and Kylie. That’s their percentage. All fair, I think.”


Caitlyn Jenner breaks down in tears at the ESPYS








































28 Photos »


/n