Lauren Graham Says Reuniting With Melissa McCarthy For The Gilmore Girls Reboot Was 'Just Icing On The Cake!'/n

We are SO ready for the Gilmore Girls reboot on Netflix!
As many of you are already aware, that's mostly because the entire cast — except for the late Edward Herrmann — has returned to be in the revival. Yup, even Melissa McCarthy.
It was a little up in the air on whether or not the Oscar nominee was going to be able to return to her role as chef Sookie St. James at first… but thankfully, back in April, the 46-year-old confirmed to Ellen DeGeneres that she would indeed be playing Lorelai Gilmore's bestie once more. Phew!
Related: Raven-Symoné Sees That's So Raven 2 In Her Future!
And it seems it didn't take long for everyone to get back into the groove of things as Alexis Bledel and Lauren Graham opened up to Entertainment Tonight about what it was like returning to their old set on the Warner Brothers lot.
Alexis dished to the media outlet: 

"We've got the same dynamics, the same relationships, but eight years later. [We] know that they're the same people, but they've evolved quite a bit and there are new things to play with in the scenes."
Awww. Now that's what we like to hear!
And it appears as though Lauren was just as thrilled as we were about the Ghostbusters star's return to Stars Hollow. On working with Melissa again, Miz Graham added:

"You know, the way these things come together is so circuitous and she's so busy. Then we all were together on set and it was just great. [We] got to hang out after and it's like [Alexis was] saying, you have a foundation with these people, so anything else is just icing on the cake. It was the final piece of the puzzle to make sure that the show felt whole. That all of it's important players were there, except for Ed, but it was great to have her there."
We're not crying, you are.
Plus, if you're planning a viewing party for the November 25 premiere, we know exactly what you need for your Gilmore-themed bash!
Video: Check Out The First Full Trailer For A Year In The Life!
This week, Ample Hills Creamery announced the winning flavor for their Gilmore Girls ice cream contest. It's said the new flavor — named They Scoop Gilmores, Don't They? — is a combination of coffee and chocolate pudding ice creams, with snickerdoodle cookies and pink Pop Tart sprinkles to boot!
If you're a die hard GG fan, we think you'll get the reference (below)!!!




Thank you to all those fans who participated in our #GilmoreGirlsIceCream contest! After combing through over 2,500 entries, we are thrilled to announce the winning flavor! They Scoop Gilmores, Don't They? Coffee (of course) chocolate pudding ice cream (because Emily is trying after all) but oy, with the snickerdoodles already– topped with pink [Pop Tart] sprinkles. There were so many excellent options, puns and flavor combinations that we couldn’t choose just one. The winning flavor is an amalgamation of three amazing suggestions: @pauline__beal’s allusion to Emily’s attempt at chocolate pudding, @ryebecca’s ingenius "oy with the snickerdoodles already" and @jjjmmd’s name– a reference to a reference to a reference. This flavor will be available at all our NYC scoop shops beginning this week and is available for nationwide shipping now! You can order individual pints in a Choose Your Own Story 5-Pack or opt for a Gilmore Girls-themed 4-Pack: Where You Lead, I Will Marshmallow (name suggested by Rebecca Phillips). Copper boom!A photo posted by Ample Hills Creamery (@amplehills) on Nov 7, 2016 at 8:18am PST


And although AHC is located in NY, the winning ice cream flavor is available to be shipped around the country!
All of this talk about icing and ice cream is just making us hungry!
Nonetheless, be sure to hop onto Netflix when Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life premieres on November 25.
[Image via The WB.]
/n