Everything You Need to Know About: ‘Don’t Breathe’/n





                    But Wait, There's More: Two New 'American Horror Story' Season 6 Teasers to Scramble Our Brains
                







Okay, the folks at American Horror Story are now just messing with us...

 MORE >>





Need a good scare? Here’s the nitty-gritty on Don’t Breathe.

This weekend, a new claustrophobic thriller arrives in theaters nationwide and critics can’t stop raving about it. So, just in case you decide to give this new midnight movie a shot, we’ve rounded up all the need-to-know info to get you started.

Who’s in it?
Like countless great horror films that came before it, this new flick’s cast is largely made up of newcomers like Jane Levy and Dylan Minnette. But the production has one veteran among its ranks with Stephen Lang (the bad guy from Avatar).

What’s it about?
Rocky (Levy) is desperate to get away from her bad home life and take her little sister with her, but she needs money to escape. So she and her boyfriend Money (Daniel Zovatto) recruit their friend Alex (Minnette) to help them rob the home of a blind man (Lang) who supposedly has loads of cash in a safe. However, as soon as they break in, they discover that the blind man is far more capable than he appears…

Why should I care?
With a simple yet alluring premise and one hell of a marketing campaign, this nail-biter might be the solace you’ve been seeking in a summer full of pricey, uninteresting wannabe blockbusters.





Here’s what the critics are saying…
“Fast-paced, coherent and continually gut-wrenching, this home invasion thriller begins with a gambit that pays off handsomely: making the villains redeemable and their victim monstrous.”
-Colin Covert [Minneapolis Star Tribune]

“The type of edge-of-your seat thrills promised by its commercials, but also takes you into far darker territory than anticipated.”
-Edward Douglas [New York Daily News]

“A clever if increasingly mechanical suspense contraption, yanking our sympathies this way and that, before turning into a different sort of movie entirely.”
-Michael Phillips [Chicago Tribune]

“A trapped-in-a-house thriller pitting thieves against an unexpectedly resourceful victim, the lean and mean pic offers scares aplenty and at least a couple of game-changing twists.”
-John DeFore [The Hollywood Reporter]


Lady Gaga Gets Behind the Wheel of a Vintage Mercedes








































13 Photos »


/n