Hard Working President Donald Trump Will Be Spending The Next 17 Days At His National Golf Club & Twitter Simply CANNOT/n

Donald Trump loves to boast about his work ethic. Before he was president, he memorably called out Barack Obama for taking a vacation while in office.
That same man, who also claimed on the campaign trail he'd be too busy to golf if elected, will spend 17 days at his Trump National Golf Club starting Friday.
Yup, POTUS is about to go on a lengthy vacation in Bedminster, New Jersey — just weeks after telling congress they "shouldn't leave town" until the health care plan is in place.
Related: Trump Begs Mexican Prez To Pay For Border Wall!
Twitter was quick to point out the hypocrisy, especially since POTUS is already known for his lavish getaways to eat delicious chocolate cake at his Mar-A-Lago estate in Florida.
Though it is important to note that Trump latest vacay, while longer than Anthony Scaramucci's stint as White House communications director, is technically a forced trip.
According to the AP, all West Wing staffers have to clear  out by the end of the week so crews can replace the heating system, which was installed 27 years ago.
Government workers will also fix a leaky roof, do interior painting, and repair the south portico. The place will be nice and spruced up before POTUS returns on August 21 — and will be a "dump" no more!
This vacation may have been forced, but Twitics had much to say about the work ethic of the man who's spent 13 of the 28 weekends out of Washington since he's been president…

Trump July 19: "We shouldn't leave town" until health care is complete.
Trump will leave for a 17-day vacation Fri. https://t.co/pyr6G9G47n pic.twitter.com/aGtVzZlQsg
— Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) August 3, 2017


Trump has spent 22% of his presidency at a Trump golf course property and he leaves tomorrow for a 17 day vacation. https://t.co/k063VpNAFH https://t.co/UnSJQqpJrB
— Brian Klaas (@brianklaas) August 3, 2017

Us taxpayers will pay more for Trump's 18 day August vacation than for the medical services for 15,000 transgender soldiers for entire year.
— Michael Skolnik (@MichaelSkolnik) July 27, 2017

Lol, his "1st" vacation https://t.co/9SLQmAcdt4
— Catherine Rampell (@crampell) August 3, 2017


"@BarackObama played golf yesterday. Now he heads to a 10 day vacation in Martha's Vineyard. Nice work ethic," … 17 day vaca Trump? Diddo.
— Jeff Eberhardt (@pendulumswing) August 3, 2017
Maybe Trump should take the advice of his own tweet:

"Don't take vacations. What's the point? If you're not enjoying your work, you're in the wrong job." — Think Like A Billionaire
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 19, 2012
[Image via JLN Photography/WENN.]
/n