Vaughniston: On Again?/nThose zany on-again-off-again lovers Jennifer Aniston and Vince Vaughn are, it seems, back together – at least for a little meat and musical theater in London. The  "couple " checked into the penthouse suite at a London hotel on Friday, and caught a matinee performance of  "Wicked " yesterday afternoon.According to a source cited by Us Weekly, the  "Break-Up " stars looked  "romantic " and were  "polite and friendly, " and ordered up some room service on their first night together – a meal of steak, veal, and red wine. Us notes that the perpetually-in-denial pair, who denied that they were engaged this summer and then recently denied that they were broken up, were last seen together 60 days ago. Oh, and in case you were wondering –  "The Break-Up " comes out on DVD in the UK on November 13.  Naomi Liev-s Her Man After Tiff Even the best of couples have bad nights. The somewhat less skeptically-regarded celeb-pair Naomi Watts and Liev Schreiber had a tiff last week at a Manhattan bar, and Watts stormed out of the nightspot with Schreiber trailing her, pleadingly.As Ben Widdicombe reports, Liev and Naomi were at the Whiskey Bar after-party for  "The 24 Hour Plays, " when, according to a witness, Watts  "slammed her drink down; [Liev] followed suit, but took a bracing sip before following. Five minutes passed, and Liev returned alone. " Things couldn't have been too serious – Schreiber rejoined his party with a shrugging expression and kept on quaffing.Earlier in the evening, Watts had been singing her man's praises, saying,  "I am so proud of him tonight, as always. " Axl Full of Bull in South Beach Axl Rose's newest playground? South Beach. According to Page Six, the Guns 'n' Roses frontman rolled into the Miami nightclub Snatch last week with some friends from Eric Clapton's road crew and hung out until 5 a.m. And he definitely didn't hold back – he got a  "saucy show " from his girlfriend, who was dancing on poles and bar tables, and Axl even gave the crowd a little show of his own, riding a mechanical bull for five full minutes. It all got a little fuzzy, apparently, for Rose; the next night, during a concert in Ft. Lauderdale, Fla., he told the audience,  "I don't remember where I was [last night] ... but I know it had something to do with a mechanical bull. " Party Favors: Elle Lets Heidi Borrow  "The Body " ... Holly Marie Combs Has Second Baby ...  "Apprentice's " Carolyn Kepcher Still Job-Hunting Even though she's trademarked the nickname for herself and her business ventures, Elle MacPherson says that she just might let Heidi Klum call herself  "The Body. "  "I think she's got an amazing body, " says Elle of Klum, to Ben Widdicombe.  "I'll call her 'The Body' if she wants. " ...  "Charmed " star Holly Marie Combs welcomed their second child, Riley Edward Donoho, Thursday afternoon in LA, reports People. Riley has a big brother, Finley, who's 2 ½ ... Donald Trump's one-time left-hand woman, Carolyn Kepcher, is still looking for work, in case you're looking. But it doesn't seem like Kepcher is seeking more property-management work. According to the New York Daily News, she's been looking for something in showbiz, but, she says,  "I met with networks and producers but they didn't seem to have a solid idea of what they wanted. " Right. Add to: My AOL, MyYahoo, Google, BloglinesSign up for: AOL Alerts/n