Georgia Woman Sings 'Amazing Grace' Before Being Executed for Murder of Her Husband – Despite Appeal from Pope Francis/n
Kelly Renee Gissendaner, the only woman on Georgia’s death row, has been executed by lethal injection, according to multiple reports.  
Despite pleas from her children, a former state Supreme Court justice and even Pope Francis, Gissendaner was executed just after midnight on Wednesday, making her the first woman in 70 years to be executed in the state, the Associated Press reports.   
She sang “Amazing Grace” in the death chamber before being executed, according to witnesses.  
Grissendaner was originally set to be executed at 7 p.m. on Tuesday after being denied clemency by the Georgia Board of Pardons and Paroles.  



The execution order was carried out at 12:21am. Crowd getting the news now #11Alive pic.twitter.com/pR7T5JXqL4
— Jeremy Campbell (@Jeremy11alive) September 30, 2015

However, last minute appeals delayed the execution. NBC reports that the Supreme Court denied one stay of execution at 8:30 p.m., but still had one more request to review.   
According to AP, the last request was denied about two hours before the execution.  
18 years ago, Gissendaner was found guilty of the 1997 murder of her husband, in which she and her lover, Gregory Owen, conspired to kill him.  
According to ABC, one request for reconsideration cited a statement from former Georgia Supreme Court Chief Justice Norman Fletcher, which said that Gissendaner’s sentence was not equal to the role she played in the crime.   


Kelly Gissendaner sang Amazing Grace all the way thru before dying according to witness #11Alive
— Jeremy Campbell (@Jeremy11alive) September 30, 2015



She was very emotional, sobbing. She called ex husband "amazing man who died because of me." – @11hullinger #11Alive
— Jeremy Campbell (@Jeremy11alive) September 30, 2015



Kelly Gissendaner asked to tell her kids she went out singing Amazing Grace. #11Alive
— Jeremy Campbell (@Jeremy11alive) September 30, 2015

The statement also noted that Owen, who actually did the fatal stabbing, was sentenced to life in prison, but will be eligible for parole in 2022.  
Pleas from two of three of the prisoner’s children, echo the chief justice, as they ask that their mother’s life be spared because of the suffering they would endure after losing a second parent.   
However, loved ones of Douglass Gissendaner – the convicted’s husband – feel that she got the sentence she deserved.   
NBC reports that his family released a written statement saying, “Kelly planned and executed Doug’s murder. She targeted him and his death was intentional.”  
The statement continues, “In the last 18 years, our mission has been to seek justice for Doug’s murder and to keep his memory alive. We have faith in our legal system and do believe that Kelly has been afforded every right that our legal system affords.  
“As the murderer, she’s been given more rights and opportunity over the last 18 years than she ever afforded to Doug, whom again, is the victim here. She had no mercy, gave him no rights, no choices, nor the opportunity to live his life. His life was not hers to take.”
/n