Regina King Beat Out the Ladies of American Horror Story to Win the Best Supporting Actress Emmy/n
This may have been television's biggest night, but the Supporting Actress in a Limited Series or Movie category was really FX's biggest night...or so we thought.That's because the network had three different actresses nominated—two of them from the same show! It was a showdown between American Horror Story: Hotel's Sarah Paulson and Kathy Bates, with everyone wondering who would take home the big prize, but the Emmys had a surprise up its sleeve. The award went to Regina King for her role on American Crime.Scandal stars Kerry Washington and Tony Goldwyn announced the category, which started with the award for best writing in a limited series. "It's hard to joke about writers, because next week your character could wind up with nothing to say," they joked. "Or in a season-long coma!"

They then presented the award to a very ecstatic Regina, who came to the stage glowing with her win. "I am so proud of this show," she began. "I'm so proud to have the opportunity to tell stories that provoke necessary conversation."She also took some time out to thank her squad: "Thank you to the amazing cast and crew, I love you guys. Team work makes the dream work. And Mom, what a blessing that I get to share this with my wonderful, beautiful mom. This rocks, this rocks."

Before she accepted her Emmy, King also rocked it on the red carpet. She stopped to chat with E's own Giuliana Rancic, who reminded the actress that it was time to celebrate the 20th anniversary of one of her hallmark films, Jerry Maguire. Naturally, she only had glowing things to say about that project from long ago."Honestly, I just had my son the month before we started shooting and just to be in an environment that embraced a new mom and they took breaks when it was time for me to nurse, that's what I remember," she told Rancic exclusively. "I remember being able to be an actress and still be a mom and that's special."We'd say she's come a long way, but we think she's always been pretty great. Cheers to you, Regina!
/n