Will Britney Vid Cost Her the Kids?/nA video of a pre-rehab Britney Spears and a couple dancers at a New York nightclub might spell serious trouble for the pop princess, and could make things even more difficult as she struggles for custody of her kids.While still photos of Britney switching clothes with the dancers at club One on February 12 are being shopped around for $150,000, Rush & Molloy report that the video – which the dancers say got them fired though they didn't specify what they were doing on it – is a much bigger deal.  "If that thing goes on the Internet, " says a source,  "it's going to be big trouble. It might be what they need to take [Spears'] kids away from her. "The rep for the club says the dancers weren't fired, and neither reps for Brit nor the dancers would comment. Did Cruise Try to Recruit King? Scientology top gun Tom Cruise gave Larry King a personal tour of a Church anti-psychiatry facility to try to convince him of the Church's views slamming psychiatry. And after that, King says that the Church's attack on psychiatry is  "incredible. "The improbable mission took place after Cruise's public excoriation of Brooke Shields and her treatment of post-partum depression with drugs. King tells the Palm Beach Post that Cruise took him to Scientology's new museum in Hollywood called  "Psychiatry: An Industry of Death. " And though he says he likes Tom  "a lot, " King, who has himself been treated with anti-depressants, disagrees with Scientology's hard-line anti-psych stance. Paul Pays Mills $56 Mil to End Battle? Paul McCartney has reportedly convinced Heather Mills to accept a $56 million settlement – including an $8 million house – to end their bitter divorce battle and her bid for sole custody of their kid. London's News of the World says that Mills will get Sir Paul's Georgian mansion in St. John's Wood but will agree to share custody of Beatrice, the couple's daughter, and will accept $6 million less than McCartney supposedly offered her back in January. Mills had supposedly demanded $6 million per year from McCartney. Party Favors: Foxy Brown a Road Menace? ... Governator's Hummer Smells Like French Fries ...  "300 " Crushes Box Office Foxy Brown, already an alleged menace in beauty salons from Manhattan to Florida, is also creating problems on the streets of New York as well. The New York Daily News says she's been busted on 16 traffic violations in less than three years. ... Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger tells Outside magazine that he switched one of his gas-swallowing Hummer SUVs from regular diesel to biofuel, and now when he drives it,  "It smells like French fries. " ... The battle-epic  "300 " absolutely mauled the box-office, taking in over $70 million in its opening weekend. The retelling of the battle of Thermopylae had the third-best  "R "-rated debut ever./n