The Duggar Update You Didn’t Know You Needed/nJoseph’s getting married really soon! As OK! readers know,  all signs are pointing to Joe and Kendra tying the knot this weekend.Jessa’s still enjoying life as a new of mom-of-two. Her newest little guy, Henry, recently celebrated his six-month birthday.Jill and her husband Derick Dillard recently announced that they were stepping away from missionary work after two years of working in the field, in El Salvador. The couple will now be focusing on the College Ministry at their church in Arkansas. Jill and Derick also welcomed their second son, Samuel, last month.Joy-Anna and her husband Austin Forsyth are still in newlywed bliss! (These two do everything together.) From fixing cars to dirt bike riding to taking trips around the world, Austin and Joy are by far the most adventurous Duggar couple.Baby on the way! The oldest Duggar, Josh, and his wife Anna are expecting their fifth child. Anna is currently in her final trimester.Jinger’s still enjoying all that married life has to offer. The 23-year-old is currently on a romantic vacation with her hubby, Jeremy Vuolo, in Los Angeles, California.Josiah’s still single after ending his courtship to Marjorie Jackson.Jana and John-David Duggar are also still single, while there have been rumors that John-David is preparing to enter into a courtship with a secret woman.Who's your favorite Duggar kid? sound off in the comments! Joseph’s getting married really soon! As OK! readers know,  all signs are pointing to Joe and Kendra tying the knot this weekend.Jessa’s still enjoying life as a new of mom-of-two. Her newest little guy, Henry, recently celebrated his six-month birthday.Jill and her husband Derick Dillard recently announced that they were stepping away from missionary work after two years of working in the field, in El Salvador. The couple will now be focusing on the College Ministry at their church in Arkansas. Jill and Derick also welcomed their second son, Samuel, last month.Joy-Anna and her husband Austin Forsyth are still in newlywed bliss! (These two do everything together.) From fixing cars to dirt bike riding to taking trips around the world, Austin and Joy are by far the most adventurous Duggar couple.Baby on the way! The oldest Duggar, Josh, and his wife Anna are expecting their fifth child. Anna is currently in her final trimester.Jinger’s still enjoying all that married life has to offer. The 23-year-old is currently on a romantic vacation with her hubby, Jeremy Vuolo, in Los Angeles, California.Josiah’s still single after ending his courtship to Marjorie Jackson.Jana and John-David Duggar are also still single, while there have been rumors that John-David is preparing to enter into a courtship with a secret woman.Who's your favorite Duggar kid? sound off in the comments! /n