99-lb. Lisa Marie Presley Wasting Away!/n
Pill-Popping maniac Lisa Marie Presley has wasted away to a ghoulish-looking 99 pounds, and terrified friends fear she’s killing herself with drugs — just like her tragic dad, Elvis!
The 5-foot-3 heiress, who has blown through much of her dad’s billion-dollar fortune with a partying lifestyle, has shrunken to a bony wreck and her organs are failing, say sources.
Now pals are sadly predicting she won’t make it to the 40th anniversary of her famous dad’s death on Aug. 16!
“Lisa Marie is a drug-addicted mess,” dishes a source. “She’s become a wraith, and her weight has dropped to a shocking 99 pounds!
PHOTOS: Divorce Disaster! Desperate Lisa Marie Presley Moving Back To Graceland
“She may well have passed the point of no return. Her organs are in failure, with her liver already collapsed.
“People around her have tried to get her help, but it’s no use. At this rate, she’s going to end up just like her father!”
As Radar reported previously, a fed-up L.A. children’s court judge slapped Lisa Marie, 49, with a devastating ultimatum: “Go to rehab — or lose your kids forever!”
The mom of adults Ben and Riley Keough and eight-year-old twin girls Harper and Finley was ordered to “complete SIX MONTHS in a rehabilitation clinic” or attend a drug and alcohol awareness group.
PHOTOS: Drug Overdose, Cross Dressing & More! Inside Lisa Marie Presley’s NASTY Divorce
“But she refuses to do it!” a source says.
The judge has also received a letter alleging Lisa Marie has refused to obey his rehabilitation order.
Lisa Marie filed for divorce last summer, reportedly while fourth hubby Michael Lockwood, 56, was plotting to stage an intervention for his strung-out wife with the help of her mom, Priscilla.
When Lisa Marie discovered his plan, she gobbled a cocktail of prescription meds, sources say, causing her liver to collapse!
PHOTOS: Booze, Drugs & Baby Daddies! The Palin Clan’s Top Ten Secrets and Shockers EXPOSED
She was hospitalized, and a shaken Lockwood called California Child Protective Services to step in and save their twins, who are now with their grandma, say sources.
Lisa Marie has been hospitalized several times recently and also faces the failure of her pancreas, yet she’s still crying out for drugs, sources claim.
“The situation is very bad! Lisa Marie and Michael are still feuding, and he got her to agree to more counseling,” an insider says. “But no one knows whether she’ll follow through.
PHOTOS: Arrests, Knife Attacks & Dealing Drugs: Inside Amy Schumer’s Dark, Painful Past
“Lisa Marie claims she was still suffering from severe back and throat problems, and that’s why she needs pain pills.”
Now, she’s practically homeless, crashing at the pads of her grown children from her first marriage to Danny Keough.
“Lisa Marie is out of control!” a source says. “She’s ‘bouncing around’ between the homes of Riley and Ben, because nobody can stand living with her!
“Even her own mother, Priscilla, has grown tired of having to baby­sit her — and has sided with Michael in the custody battle for their twin girls!”
PHOTOS: Hollywood Bodyguards Tell All — Who Steals, Sexts, Does Drugs & More Star Secrets Revealed
Lisa Marie’s wild pill-popping is similar to that of her father, Elvis, who was also in denial about his addiction and ended up dead on the floor of his bathroom at his Graceland estate on Aug. 16, 1977.
Tests of tissue samples later confirmed the presence of drugs, including Valium, Demerol, codeine and methaqualone ­— some at near-lethal levels.
Tragically, Lisa Marie, then 9, was at her dad’s Graceland mansion when he died.
She also recalls being “obsessed with death at a very early age.”
Pals fear the obsession is still there.
“Lisa Marie seems to have a death wish of her own,” says the source. “She’s going down the same road as her dad — and she knows how that story ends!”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n