St. Vincent, Serena Williams & More Make ‘Harper’s Bazaar’ 2015 Women Who Dare List/n





                    Drake & Serena Williams Attend NY Fashion Show
                







Talk about a power couple...

 MORE >>





These are some daring women.
Harper’s Bazaar published a fierce list of the most daring women of 2015 and the five ladies they chose are quite the inspiring bunch. There’s tennis pro Serena Williams, Grammy-winner St. Vincent, actress Gwendoline Christie, artist Justine Koons and racing driver Susie Wolff.
November’s Daring Issue explores what it means to these women to be daring and trailblazing, and features Lena Dunham on the cover.
“Daring to me is taking a chance but not doing it blindly. A very calculated chance. Think of amazing women like Sheryl Sandberg and Oprah Winfrey– they’re daring, but they’re not jumping off a building without a parachute, you know?” Serena told the magazine.
Meanwhile, St. Vincent talked about how her relationship with Cara Delevingne has been making headlines. “There’s been a little bit of enigma peeled back as of late,” she said. “But I have a rich life that has nothing to do with the flim-flam. I know there’s a through-the-looking-glass version of myself, and I don’t feel particularly attached to that version, especially as it pertains to the public eye– it’s kind of removed from my actual life. The long and short of it is that what people think of me is none of my business.”


St. Vincent, Serena Williams & More Make 'Harper's Bazaar' 2015 Women Who Dare List


































5 Photos »


Gwendoline addressed what it means to her to be involved in Star Wars: The Force Awakens, Game of Thrones and The Hunger Games: Mocking Jay – Part 2. “It means there’s a shift in our culture and our way of thinking about how women are perceived. People want to see a more diverse representation of women than the homogenized ones we’ve had so far,” she said.
Susie drew connections between Formula 1 and the fashion world. “Many people have this false presumption that I’m a tomboy because I’m a racing driver. In my 20s, I kind of figured that fashion was going to be quite an important tool to fight against the stereotype.”
And Justine talked about women she draws inspiration from. “Women in general are very daring, because even now there is still extraordinary discriminations and violations of women’s basic human rights. Women like Malala Yousafzai, Ayaan Hirsi Ali, and Roberta Kaplan are leading the charge.”
Launch the gallery to see the daring dames!





 
/n