Bobby Brown’s Wife Gives Birth to a Girl, Sister Rallies to Ban Houston Family from Hospice Visitation/n





                    Nick Gordon Accused of Abusing Bobbi Kristina Brown Before Hospitalization
                







Bobbi Kristina's boyfriend has been accused of stealing her money

 MORE >>





Bobby Brown’s wife Alicia Etheredge gave birth to a baby girl on Saturday, July 11.

Entertainment Tonight reports that Etheredge was admitted to Cedars-Sinai Hospital in Los Angeles on Friday, July 10, and induced labor the following day. This is the couple’s second child, a little sister to five-year-old son Cassius, and Brown’s sixth child in total.
Their bundle of joy is a light for the family amid the declining condition of his 22-year old daughter from the late Whitney Houston, Bobbi Kristina Brown. Her father spoke candidly to fans about his internal struggle with the tragedy at the Soul Food Festival in April.
“Rough times are rough times. Hard times are hard times. I don’t know what the hell I’m going through right now, but I’m giving it to God and letting him deal with it.”
Bobbi Kristina was moved to hospice care on June 24 and remains in a medically-induced coma nearly five months after she was found unconscious in her bathtub. The toxicology report following the incident found traces of cocaine, marijuana, Xanax, and other medication in her system.


Bobbi Kristina Brown's Family Holds Public Candlelight Vigil








































7 Photos »


Family members of Bobby Brown were banned from hospice visits last week after a leaked photo of Bobbi Kristina on her deathbed was being shopped around to photo agencies. In a recent Facebook post, Bobby’s sister Leolah Brown points a finger at Houston’s side of the family and suggests that they should be banned from bedside visitation as well.
She writes,
“If it were up to me! The sick and sorry people that continue to have permission to see her even still to this day-they would be COMPLETELY cut out NEVER to lay eyes on her again!”
You can read Leolah’s lengthy statement on her Facebook page.

/n