Fox News Anchor Shepard Smith Attacks Donald Trump Administration/n
Fox News daytime anchor Shepard Smith is known for being skeptical about Donald Trump, but many fans of the President think the opinionated newsman went too far on Friday.
Smith said the White House offered up “lie after lie” about Donald Trump Jr. and others’ June 201 meeting with a sketchy Russian lawyer.
Smith’s Fox colleague Chris Wallace said he was “speechless” after Smith lit into Trump’s administration.
The meeting was now believed to be attended by eight people, apparently shocking the Fox News host.
PHOTOS: Lindsay Lohan Shops After Suing Fox News & Sean Hannity For Defamation
“We’re still not clean on this, Chris. Why all these lies? Why is it lie after lie after lie? If you clean, come on clean, you know? My grandmother used to say when first we practice to — Oh what a tangled web we weave when first we practice to deceive. The deception, Chris, is mind-boggling. And there are still people who are out there who believe we’re making it up. And one day they’re gonna realize we’re not and look around and go, Where are we, and why are we getting told all these lies?
Who was the “we” Smith was referring to? Many haters online called out Smith as a “Never Trumper” who should just read the news instead of implying his own views about the President.
In fact, conservative-leaning former game show host Chuck Woolery tweeted,  ” Was #ShepardSmith worried about Lie after lie from #Obama on #Healthcare? I don’t think so. Phony indignation, preening is sickening to me.”
PHOTOS: The House FOX Built: News Anchor Sean Hannity Selling $3.6M Long Island Mansion

Was #ShepardSmith worried about Lie after lie from #Obama on #Healthcare? I don't think so. Phony indignation, preening is sickening to me.
— Chuck Woolery (@chuckwoolery) July 15, 2017

Patty Hunter wrote on Twitter, “I have got to the point where @FoxNews gets shut off when #ShepardSmith comes on. He literally makes me sick. Move to @CNN Shep.

I have got to the point where @FoxNews gets shut off when #ShepardSmith comes on. He literally makes me sick. Move  to @CNN Shep. https://t.co/AVLBvcmaMX
— Patty Hunter (@patty_gma) June 29, 2017

Fox News is better known for Republican-friendly stars such as Sean Hannity and former newsman Bill O’Reilly,  who was ousted from the network after sexual harassment scandal that O’Reilly vehemently denied.
Smith has been known in the past for some wacky on-air moments, as Michael Lohan dropped the F bomb on his show and he narrated as Fox News covered a couple of escaped llamas in Arizona!
Now, many of its viewers are fighting mad against Shep, but the Washington Post called Smith criticizing Trump’s posse his Walter Cronkite moment, as the veteran anchor once shocked his viewers by coming out against the Vietnam War.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n