7 Matt Healy Facts That Makes The 1975 Worth Listening To/n





                    Instant Follow Friday: Sam Smith and His Beautiful Soul Might Sweep the Grammy's This Weekend
                







  Sam Smith has swiftly become pop music royalty and the hottest wunderkind

 MORE >>





Indie bands are making a splash across the music industry unlike ever before. The 1975 is no exception.

Formed in Manchester, England, this alternative rock pop band has been building a huge fan base since the release of their second EP, Sex, released in 2012. Their momentum continued to increase with “Chocolate,” the first single off their self-titled debut album. Today, The 1975 have over a million followers on Twitter, with a second album releasing next month, I Like It When You Sleep, for You Are So Beautiful Yet So Unaware of It on February 26. If you haven’t listened to any of their music, here are 7 facts about the lead singer, Matt Healy that will make you want to.


The Best of The 1975 and Matt Healy's Instagram








































15 Photos »


1) Matt Healy Doesn’t Care About Fake Celebrity Friendships





Although he’s been associated with Harry Styles, Taylor Swift, and Ed Sheeran in the past, Healy doesn’t care about featuring them on things like Instagram to bring attention to his music. “I found this weird social hierarchy was constructed based on who you had pictures with. Then I started to think, ‘How can you all be such good mates?’ How is Sam Smith everyone’s mate?” he told Billboard. The music video to “Love Me,” the first single off his second album features a bunch of celebrity cardboard cutouts, which is his way of acknowledging the so-called a-list friendships that come across social media timelines and make headlines.
2) Healy Isn’t Afraid To Make Out With Fans





During his “Robbers” performance at The Aragon Ballroom in Chicago, Healy invited a fan on stage. Not only was the lucky fan serenaded on stage by Healy, he even planted a kiss on her.
3) Healy Likes To Go Against Gender Norms
Healy is famously known for occasionally opting for women’s clothing. Now he’s amping up his rebellious attitude by wearing make-up too. For the promotion of the band’s upcoming album, Healy has used make-up for scenes of new music videos and the album’s promotions photos. He even featured one of his make-up looks on his Instagram.



#lilysavage
A photo posted by @trumanblack on Jan 22, 2016 at 7:25am PST



4) Healy Has Written All of The Music For The 1975





The 1975 formed more than 10 years ago, which is why their first studio album is written from the experiences of a teenage boy dealing with love, fear, drugs, intoxication, and sex. For example Healy wrote “Chocolate” as a metaphor to his usage of marijuana. Healy has said that the music for the second album is written through a completely different perspective. “This [new] record is about the excitement and the apprehension and the cacophony of this world and this industry and all of the things that come with being a new band. A rising new band. That’s what people want to hear, right?” He told Radio.com.


Grammy Awards 2015 Red Carpet Arrivals








































92 Photos »


5) Healy Has Famous Parents





CREDIT: Getty 


Healy is the eldest son of English actors, Denise Welch and Tim Healy. Healy has said that he is musically inclined because of their taste in music. “Well, I think one of the main reasons our band is so groove orientated is because our influences are from R and B and Soul. My Mum was big into Motown like Martha Reeves and The Vandellas, Kim Weston and stuff like that while my Dad was massively into The Stones, Wilson Pickett, Otis Redding, so that all played a part,” he told Some Kind of Awesome.
6) Healy is Open About His Sexual Fluidity





Healy has been questioned in the past about his sexuality, and in the video above he comments on exploring his sexuality, and applying that to his music for the band’s second album.
7) Healy Thinks The 1975’s Music is Their Version of A John Hughes Movie Soundtrack





Whenever you listened to a song by The 1975 you think you’re being transported into an 80’s film. Matt Healy thinks the same thing. Just listen to him say it himself in the interview above.
Still need to be convinced about checking out The 1975’s music? Well take a look at the gallery to some of their Instagram photos above!
/n