Twitter Destroys Melania Trump For Wearing Stilettos To Help Hurricane Harvey Victims!/n

Help is on the way, Hurricane Harvey victims!
Donald Trump and Melania Trump jetted off to Texas on Tuesday to aid those affected by this weekend's natural disaster — only, they weren't exactly dressed for the occasion.
Especially FLOTUS, who drew comments on Twitter for looking more like she was going on a post-hurricane *photoshoot* than to an actual disaster site.
We mean, you're looking fly as usual, Mel — but those stilettos make Bryce Dallas Howard's Jurassic World heels look like sensible footwear!
Photo: Ivanka Fails To Notice Trump Shade In Her Own Twitpic!
In her defense, the First Lady could have a very good reason to be wearing such high-fashion stems while going to help hurricane victims.
Maybe she doesn't want to get her heels wet? Maybe she wants the right line of vision while directing Secret Service to prop up any damaged confederate statues? Or maybe these are just her backup pair of Louboutins she doesn't mind getting tainted by water or the poor (ew!).
Twitter was ripe with theories, but mostly criticism over the model's wardrobe fail. See some funny reactions (below)! 

Not sure Melania Trump is prepared for Hurricane Harvey pic.twitter.com/Mz5ndbmKC9
— Elliot Wagland (@elliotwagland) August 29, 2017


Hmm what does one wear to a catastrophic event that has wreaked havoc and caused thousands displaced? Ah yes, Louboutins. Really @FLOTUS??
— denise sperling (@dlsperling) August 29, 2017


To be fair they're probably her grubby Louboutins… the ones she wears for firing the gardener and kicking puppies.
— jul (@j525555) August 29, 2017


Disaster Barbie™
— Po (@Slow_Po) August 29, 2017


Always, always stilettos with your black and bomber jacket–disaster chic.
— Daytona Dreamer (@westgate63) August 29, 2017


The new FEMA Barbie is out! Complete with 6" heels, gold jacket, and super short slacks so they don't get wet. All made in China.
— Wenders K. (@StuntMommy) August 29, 2017
[Image via Noah Gray/Twitter.]
/n