Kim Kardashian Divorce Turns Ugly -- Reality TV On Trial/nThe Kim Kardashian, Kris Humphries divorce has become a bitter fight, and we've learned Kris' lawyer intends to put reality TV on trial ... but that could blow up in his face.Sources tell us ... Kris and his lawyer, Lee Hutton, want to  "expose the M.O. of reality TV " by proving Kim had no intention of staying married to him, but just wanted big ratings for her reality show. Now here's the irony. The duo wants to prove their point by asking the judge to allow TMZ and TV stations to broadcast the trial -- something that the judge might find a tad hypocritical ... not that we're complaining.TMZ broke the story ... Kim filed for divorce on grounds of  "irreconcilable differences. " Kris has countered that he wants the marriage annulled based on fraud.Kris has a couple of problems with the fraud claim. First of all, he's the one who proposed. Second, the publicity has made him famous and marketable and he'll make millions more than he would have otherwise.And another big point in Kim's favor ... We've learned the prenup is extremely long and complicated ... accounting for what would happen years into the future. Why would she go through the time and trouble of having a long prenup if she planned on pulling the plug on the marriage within a few months?   Little Ricky on  "I Love Lucy " 'MEMBA HIM?! Keith Thibodeaux became famous for playing Lucille Ball and Desi Arnaz's son, Little Ricky, on the classic '50s TV series  "I Love Lucy. " Guess what he looks like now!     BEYONCE Flaunts New Mom Curves In First Appearance Since Baby! Baby Blue Ivy's mom, Beyonce Knowles, has finally made her post-pregnancy debut!The 30-year-old singer stepped out last night for the first time since giving birth in to her little girl with Jay-Z last month.Beyonce put her new curves on display in a tight red-orange Alice Temperly dress, which she paired with some bedazzled Christian Louboutin heels -- proving she's still as stylish as ever since having a baby.Bey, Jay-Z and her mom Tina were at Carnegie Hall, where the rapper had his first of two benefit concerts for the United Way of New York City and the Shawn Carter Scholarship Foundation. With mom and dad back out in public, will we be seeing Blue Ivy soon too?!    'Bayou Billionaires' Humping in Dubai  Here's a photo of the super-rich couple from CMT's  "Bayou Billionaires " doing what most oil moguls do best ... spoiling themselves!!! Gerald and Kitten Dowden -- who became a real life  "Beverly Hillbillies " family when they found oil on their property in Louisiana last year -- recently booked a trip to Dubai ... and TMZ has the pics. Ever since the family struck it rich, they've been treating themselves to the finer things in life ... and when we asked why they decided to travel to the Middle East, Kitty told us ...  "because we CAN!” Mama Dowden says the couple rode dune buggies, participated in an authentic Bedouin dinner ... and of course, treated themselves to a camel ride. Kitty adds,  "We would definitely go back again, it was a great experience! "Better hope that well doesn't dry up ...   Crossover Acts Reality Stars Turned Actors! Former  "American Idol " runner-up Katharine McPhee is back on TV this week with  "Smash " -- but this time, she's venturing into scripted territory.McPhee is hardly the first reality TV star to try their hand at acting though -- see who else tried to make the switch in the gallery above.   Stars Breakin' a Sweat FEEL THE BURN! If you're like most people, you've already given up on your New Year's resolution to get healthy and work out more.As you sit around and do nothing -- check out these pictures of stars breakin' a sweat!Doesn't look fun, does it?   Celebrity Scramble GUESS WHO?! Can you figure out who this scruffy scrambled man is? Click through to find out!   Manly Mani-Pedi's NAILED IT! Can you guess which metro-men have let down their guard and gotten themselves a little pampering on their hands and feet?!There's nothing a fresh coat of paint can't take care of.    Then & Now: The Cast of  "Twin Peaks " It's been over 20 years since  "Twin Peaks " went off the air -- and the show's cast members have gone through some serious physical transformations since then.Laura Lalmer, Audrey Horne, Special Agent Cooper and more, see what the cast looks like today./n