New Photographic Evidence Suggests Amelia Earhart Survived Her Infamous Crash Landing 80 Years Ago — LOOK!/n

This could change history!
New evidence has surfaced suggesting legendary pilot Amelia Earhart, long believed to have fatally crashed in the Pacific Ocean on her round-the-world flight, actually made it to land in the Marshall Islands in 1937.
An misfiled photograph was found in the National Archives showing a woman with Earhart's frame sitting on a dock near a man who appears to be her navigator Fred Noonan.
The image, which will be featured in a new History Channel special Amelia Earhart: The Lost Evidence, appears to be authentic and undoctored, according to independent analysts.
Related: Creator Of Donald Trump/CNN Wrestling Meme Quits The Internet!
We all remember the story: Earhart attempted to become the first woman pilot to fly around the globe, but was last heard from on July 2, 1937. The U.S. concluded she crashed in the Pacific Ocean two years later, though her remains were never found.
But this new discovery is causing historians to take a second look at the theory that Earhart and Noonan were blown of course — and survived their crash landing!
Investigators believe the photo, which they say may have been taken by a U.S. spy, confirms that the iconic aviator was captured by Japanese military in the Pacific.
The 1937 photograph shows a short-haired woman, believed to be Earhart, with her back to the camera wearing pants. She sits near a standing man who looks like Noonan, especially his hairline.
Related: Military Trying To Stop Transgender People From Enlisting!
Facial recognition expert Ken Gibson said Noonan's distinguishable hairline leaves little room for argument, telling NBC News:
"The hairline is the most distinctive characteristic. It's a very sharp receding hairline. The nose is very prominent…It's my feeling that this is very convincing evidence that this is probably Noonan."
The snap also shows the Japanese ship Koshu towing a barge with something that looks about the same length as Earhart's 38-foot long plane. Gary Tarpinian, the executive producer of the History special, surmises:
"We believe that the Koshu took her to Saipan [in the Mariana Islands], and that she died there under the custody of the Japanese."
Wow!
Japanese authorities say they have no record of the pilot being in their custody — but this picture says more than a thousand words.
What do U think, Perezious readers?
[Image via National Archives/WENN.]
/n