So Spoiled: Does the New ‘Walking Dead’ Teaser Hint That Rick Loses More Than a Crew Member? /n





                    NY Comic-Con Highlights: 'Power Rangers,' 'Walking Dead' and More!
                







The 2016 New York Comic Con, sister Con to the biggie in San Diego, concluded...

 MORE >>





Let’s face it, Netflix has spoiled us! Once we had to eagerly wait each week for our favorite show’s latest installment to air. Now it’s a free-for-all when a season drops! That is, unless it’s a show that’s on actual television… In that case we’ll just have to obsess over some new and enticing details as we wait for new episodes of Grey’s Anatomy, Supergirl, Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. and more!

First things first, have you seen the new trailer for The Walking Dead? If not, take a minute and check it out.
Two important questions are raised with this clip. 1) Does Rick have a “right-hand man” in his team? And 2) Is Rick about to actually lose his right hand in the trailer? We know that he does lose it in the comic. We also know that the show and comic’s creator Robert Kirkman has openly said he doesn’t want Rick to be handless in the show. Regardless, all that “right hand” chatter (not to mention Negan taking Rick’s hatchet) is extremely disconcerting. [Digital Spy]

Curious if Ghost Rider’s inception will be tied to Hyde on Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. like it is in the comics?
“We talked about it,” EP Jed Whedon shared. “We have other plans, but the temptation was there. Because we told such a deep and rich Hyde story, we feel like we do want to bring Kyle [MacLachlan] back in a different way later on.” [Entertainment Weekly]


Paul Wesley, Ian Somerhalder and More at CW Upfronts 2016








































8 Photos »


Curious how James and Kara’s friendship will change on this season of Supergirl?
“James is going to decide that he can no longer be a sidekick, so he’s going to become a vigilante,” EP Andrew Kreisberg revealed. “He’s going to become Guardian, complete with the shield, which is going to cause a massive problem in his relationship with Kara because he decides not to tell her. There’s this new masked vigilante, and she has her own feelings about vigilantes.” [TV Line]

Desperate for an update on ever-changing allegiances on Grey’s Anatomy?
“There might be a little bit of a friendship between Riggs and possibly Alex Karev, which further complicates the Maggie thing,” Martin Henderson said. “I did hear a hint that maybe a bit of a bromance starts, a mutual respect, and they don’t hold anything against one another, and so I think that may be in the cards too.” [Entertainment Weekly]


Walking Dead': New Striking Portraits Released








































28 Photos »


/n