‘Pretty Little Liars’ Midseason Finale: The Betrayer Revealed and EP Marlene King on What’s Next (Q&A, VIDEO)/n





                    'PLL' EP teases the finale
                









 MORE >>










                    'pll' recap: paige's past
                







Cece spills secrets on Paige's history with Ali. 

 MORE >>





 WOW! When Pretty Little Liars executive producer Marlene King told Celebuzz that Tuesday’s midseason summer finale of the hit ABC Family show would bring “justice for Maya (Bianca Lawson)” and that there would be multiple betrayals, we thought we were prepared for might go down but we were definitely not!
Note: Spoilers ahead if you haven’t watched Tuesday’s episode, “The Lady Killer.”
We’ve been saying all along there was something sketchy about Nate (Sterling Sulieman) and it turns out we were right. There is no Nate. He was Linden James and was Maya’s stalker and killer. After kidnapping Paige (Lindsay Shaw), Emily (Shay Mitchell) then killed him in a bout of self defense. Moments later, Caleb (Tyler Blackburn) found her and a shot went off injuring Hanna’s (Ashley Benson) boyfriend. We were just as devastated as she was.
That’s not all though. We also learned that Ezra (Ian Harding) is definitely a daddy but that Maggie (Larisa Oleynik) wants Aria (Lucy Hale) to keep this a secret from him. Then, the biggest “OMG” moment came with seconds to spare when it was revealed that Toby (Keegan Allen) is on the “A” team. I think it’s safe to say no one called that one. So what’s next in Rosewood?
When Celebuzz caught up with King she told us what we can expect from the new web series premiering after the finale and the Halloween episode in addition to what it was like to direct PLL for the first time.
Celebuzz: What can you tell us about how the web series, Pretty Dirty Secrets, figures into the overall plot of the show?
Marlene King: It’s definitely tied into the story. Some of the episodes introduce new storylines and some of them are about storylines we’ve already introduced. It’s definitely part of the mythology of the show. It’s really fun to see these characters we might not have seen together ever on the show or who rarely get to be together in these fun scenes. It’s a snippet of a life in Rosewood that we feel like we’re getting a sneak peek of. It’s really fun. It’s these characters finding their way into this Halloween store getting ready for our big Halloween episode.


'pretty little liars': the betrayal suspects








































12 Photos »


CB: What was your part in developing the web series? Did you write them?
 MK: They were written by Kim Turrisi and Kyle Bown. Kim is a friend of mine and a huge fan of the show. She wrote a web series that she won an Emmy for called Venice. Kyle is my assistant and an amazing writer. We produced them here and it’s just like any other episode of Pretty Little Liars.
CB: Is this year’s Halloween episode, “This is a Dark Ride,” as big to the overall Liars story as last year’s origin flashback tale, “The First Secret?” Is it a flashback?
 MK: No, it’s not a flashback. You will see we key up the Halloween train at the end of [Tuesday’s] episode. Halloween is really just a couple of weeks after the finale wraps. It’s huge. It’s an amazing ride. Season 3B will pick up a couple of weeks after that.


10 things you didn't know about 'pretty little liars' lucy hale








































10 Photos »


CB: You just finished directing your first episode of Pretty Little Liars for episode 3.16, “Misery Loves Company” which will air in 2013. How was your experience sitting in that chair?
 MK: It was amazing. Our cast and crew are just tremendous. It was so much fun just to get to be with everybody all that time. It was exhausting but it was fun and amazing. I can’t wait to share that episode with everybody. It’s Season 3 and I’ve actually been working on the show for four years now so it’s really fun to be challenged and to get to do something I normally don’t do. To get to write your own words and then be the person who makes all the decisions about bringing it to the screen was very rewarding. Everybody was so supportive. All the girls, the whole cast. People really wanted me to succeed and it felt like it was a family reunion in a lot of ways because I don’t get to be on set as much as I would like to be.
You can watch the first episode of Pretty Dirty Secrets above and be sure to check ABCfamily.com for a new installment every Tuesday.
The Halloween episode of Pretty Little Liars airs on Oct. 23 at 8 PM with season 3B coming back in early 2013.
Did you suspect Toby of being on the “A” team? What about Nate killing Maya? Let us know what you thought about the midseason finale in the comments below!

brightcove.createExperiences();

 
/n