Blue-Green Tencel Trench Coat with Patch Pocket, $72; Norma Kamali Slip Mio Cutout Swimsuit, $75; BP. 58mm Oversize Round Sunglasses, $12; Sam Edelman Estelle Sandal, $110  The more expensive the suit, the more classic it should be. Timeless.../n
Swimsuits were made for water, but what about dry land?No need to shell out for expensive body suits anymore—Kendall Jenner proves your simple, black one-piece bathing suit will do.If you live near a beach or take summer-long vacations, you already know what it's like to live in your bathing suit—just not to this extent. Incorporating swimwear into your everyday wardrobe takes a certain style skill. The trick (and ultimate goal) is to, as seamlessly as possible, create an outfit around the suit. In Kenny's case, she chose to forgo pants, making her look extra daring as well as ideal for hanging poolside, lounging around your hotel or boardwalk strolling.Looking for some extra coverage? All you have to add are bottoms and when it comes to options, they're endless.

One-piece bathing suits—you've got plenty of options as far as style goes. Swap out a regular cut for something with a little negative space for added spice.Zara Floral Embroidered Kimono, $70; Topshop Plunge Side Strap Swimsuit, $40; H&M Round Sunglasses, $8; River Island Black Plaited Lace-Up Sandals, $50

Working with neutral-colored swimwear is easiest when it comes to putting an outfit together around it. But don't be afraid to play with color! (Whether that means a colorful duster coat or the actual one-piece itself.)Front Row Shop Blue-Green Tencel Trench Coat with Patch Pocket, $72; Norma Kamali Slip Mio Cutout Swimsuit, $75; BP. 58mm Oversize Round Sunglasses, $12; Sam Edelman Estelle Sandal, $110 

The more expensive the suit, the more classic it should be. Timeless style is key when you're investing in big purchases, especially when that piece is the focal point of your outfit.Feeling inspired? See you on the beach.Sea Embroidered Cotton-Chambray Jacket, $740; Proenza Schouler Solids Swimsuit, $300; Oliver Peoples The Row After Midnight Round Sunglasses, $450; Antigone Ancient Greek Gladiator Sandals, $270
/n