Comedian and Actor Kevin Meaney Dies at 60/n





                    Veteran Comedy Director Garry Marshall Dead at 81
                







Garry Marshall, best known for 'Happy Days' and 'Pretty Woman,' died July 19

 MORE >>





Veteran stand-up comedian and actor Kevin Meaney died Friday night, Oct. 21, 2016. He was 60 years old.

According to The Hollywood Reporter,  Meaney was found unresponsive in his home in Forestburgh, N.Y. The cause of death is unknown at this time, and Meaney’s agent says an autopsy is pending.
Meaney had been a stand-up comedian for over 30 years, with his first HBO special airing in 1986. Those who saw him may remember his oft-repeated catchphrase, “That’s not right,” with which he would impersonate his exasperated mother.
Over the years, he appeared on Comedy Central, The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson, Late Show with David Letterman, and Late Night with Conan O’Brien. His acting roles included a minor part in Big, starring Tom Hanks, and the lead in the short-lived 1990 sitcom, Uncle Buck.
Comedians paid their respects on Twitter following the news. Patton Oswalt called Meaney a “brilliant comedian” and a “terrific person.” Roseanne Barr called him “a genius” and Judd Apatow said Meaney was “a very special man.”

Always thought Kevin Meaney was a brilliant comedian. Then we hung out in Ireland and I found out he was also a terrific person. RIP.
— Patton Oswalt (@pattonoswalt) October 22, 2016


HAIL HAIL A GENIUS HAS VACATED THIS REALM: #RIPKevinMeaney
— Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) October 22, 2016



Kevin Meaney was as funny as they get and the nicest man. He could make you lose your mind laughing. A very special person. https://t.co/EBvDUmNUrr
— Judd Apatow (@JuddApatow) October 22, 2016


https://t.co/j8tay93Ebm
 real life – real love – real loss
from the ding ho to here – i love ya kev
— Rosie (@Rosie) October 22, 2016


Whether you were familiar with Meaney’s comedy or not, it’s clear that the comedy world will miss him dearly.


Comedy Giants Of The 21st Century








































10 Photos »


/n