First Look! See Clive Owen's Broadway Debut in Old Times/n
Clive Owen is making his Broadway debut in Harold Pinter’s Old Times, but if you can’t head to New York City to catch the show, PEOPLE has an exclusive first look at his performance.  
Previews for the Roundabout Theater Company production of Pinter’s 1971 play began Sept. 17, starring Owen as Deeley, Tony Award nominee Eve Best as his wife Kate, and True Detective’s Kelly Reilly (pictured below) as Anna.   
“Deeley and his wife Kate are visited by Anna, a mysterious friend of Kate’s from long ago,” Roundabout Theater Company’s website says of the play, which hasn’t been seen on Broadway in 40 years. “What begins as a trip down memory lane quickly becomes something more, as long-simmering feelings of fear and jealousy begin to fuel the trio’s passions, sparking a seductive battle for power.”  
The Roundabout, which operates three Broadway theaters and two Off-Broadway locations, has been home to many Hollywood stars taking their turn on the stage, including Ewan McGregor in The Real Thing, and Michelle Williams and Emma Stone in Cabaret.  
Kelly Reilly and Clive OwenJoan Marcus
Old Times not only marks Owen’s first appearance on Broadway, but also his first onstage performance in 14 years: He has headlined productions of Romeo and Juliet, Design for Living and Closer in London.  
“It’s been a long time,” The Knick actor told The New York Times about taking the part. “A hell of a long time. I’d come close to doing other plays, and I really did feel that if I didn’t do this one, I wasn’t sure when I’d go back.”  
He added, “It took me a while to say yes. I kept the play with me, and every time I dipped into it, I kind of got it. I responded to it, and that never waned.”  
RELATED VIDEO: Ester Dean’s Pitch Perfect Broadway Dream

Tony Award winner Douglas Hodge, a Pinter aficionado, is the production’s director, and Thom Yorke, the frontman for Radiohead, is providing an original score.  
Old Times officially opens Oct. 6.    
/n