Sarah Paulson Is Geraldine Page in Ryan Murphy's Feud What's a Ryan Murphy production on FX without a Sarah Paulson appearance? We shudder at the thought. And now that his go-to leading lady has signed on for a role in his upcoming.../n
What's a Ryan Murphy production on FX without a Sarah Paulson appearance? We shudder at the thought. And now that his go-to leading lady has signed on for a role in his upcoming series Feud, we'll never have to find out.The prolific producer revealed on Twitter that the People v. O.J. Simpson star has joined the anthology series, set to bring Oscar-winning actress Geraldine Page back to life. The first installment of Feud will center on the legendary (what else?) feud between Bette Davis and Joan Crawford that developed as the two Hollywood icons filmed the classic film What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? Paulson's addition to the cast makes an American Horror Story reunion of sorts as AHS alum Jessica Lange stars as Crawford, alongside Susan Sarandon as Davis."Excited to announce Sarah Paulson will be playing legendary Oscar-winner Geraldine Page in FEUD," Murphy tweeted.

Paulson's casting announcement comes on the heels of last week's revelation that Catherine Zeta Jones was making the leap to television to join Feud as Olivia de Havilland. Feud also stars Alfred Molina, Stanley Tucci, Judy Davis, and Dominic Burgess."Ryan keeps re-inventing TV," John Landgraf, CEO of FX Networks, said in a statement when the show was announced. "Nip/Tuck brilliantly extended the boundaries of ad supported television. Glee re-imagined the television musical. American Horror Story pioneered the modern anthological series, which has rapidly transformed the television landscape and been widely copied. The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story was recognized by many as the best and most talked about new show this year. And all of those shows have been award-winning ratings hits. Feud adds a third and equally ambitious franchise to Ryan's unprecedented slate of FX anthological limited series and marks our third such collaboration with studio partner 20th Century Fox Television/Fox 21. The series will offer a seductive, insightful look at what lies behind legendary personality conflicts."Are you relieved that Feud won't be a Paulson-less Murphy/FX production? Let us know in the comments below.Feud is expected to debut on FX in 2017.
/n