Dr. Drew Reveals Why Ben's Rehab Confession Could Save Lives/n
Ben Affleck is sober again, and Dr. Drew Pinsky says his decision to get help could save millions of other people’s lives.
“We don’t know what happened, but not only that, he’s talking about it matter of factly,” he told Jenny Hutt on her radio show, Just Jenny With Jenny Hutt.. “God bless him! Just like if he said he went in and got his appendix out. That’s absolutely how people should approach this.”
“It’s like, ‘Hey, I’m getting care. I’m moving on. I’m going to make some movies,'” Pinksy added. “It’s just part of his medical management. And he had a crisis, a slip, whatever, and he’s talking about it. Good for him! There’s no better way to reduce stigma and shame then to have medical treatment of addiction take its place alongside of other medical treatment.”
PHOTOS: Hugh Jackman, Ben Affleck & Shia LaBeouf — In The Buff! The 12 Hottest Male Nude Scenes Of The Year
Affleck, 44, confessed he secretly checked himself into rehab on March 14.
“I have completed treatment for alcohol addiction; something I’ve dealt with in the past and will continue to confront,” he wrote in a bombshell Facebook post. “I want to live life to the fullest and be the best father I can be.”
PHOTOS: Desperate Ben Affleck Takes Next Step To Win Back Jen Garner

“I want my kids to know there is no shame in getting help when you need it, and to be a source of strength for anyone out there who needs help but is afraid to take the first step,” he added. “I’m lucky to have the love of my family and friends, including my co-parent, Jen [Garner], who has supported me and cared for our kids as I’ve done the work I set out to do. This was the first of many steps being taken towards a positive recovery.”
Garner, 44, was spotted in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico as the news broke. She is reportedly working on saving her marriage to the troubled actor after he cheated on her multiple times.
PHOTOS: Jennifer Garner Shows Off Burgeoning Bump – Is Her Divorce From Ben Affleck Off?
This is Affleck’s second time seeking treatment. He previously checked into Promises, Malibu, the same rehab center Britney Spears and Charlie Sheen attended, when he was just 28 years old.
Stay with Radar for more.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n