John Heard's Son Died Aged 22 Just Months Before 'Home Alone' Actor Passed On/n
John Heard‘s shocking death, apparently in a hotel room following back surgery, came just months after the actor’s son Max, 22, died in December of last year.
And Heard’s ex-wife had cruelly dissed the actor for being a bad father — in an explosive obituary for her son!
Home Alone star Heard, 72, was found dead, on Friday, Radar confirmed, with other reports stating that the maid service at a hotel in Palo Alto, Calif. discovered him.
PHOTO:S Anton Yelchin Death Updates: No Will, Jeep Recalled & Parents Sue Chrysler
And according to Legacy.com, tragically, Heard’s young son Max preceded him in death by just months.
Actor Heard had a tangled love life that included three failed marriages, according to reports. He was married to Margot Kidder, the once-troubled actress well known for playing Lois Lane in Superman, for only six days in 1979. The actor had a son, Jack, with Frozen River actress Melissa Leo, but the two never wed. He was married to wife Sharon, with whom he had two kids, Max and Annika, from 1988-1996. Finally, Heard married third wife Lana Pritchard in 2010 and they were divorced the very same year.
In the Legacy obituary for Heard’s son Max last year, signed by Max’s “Mommie,” his mother Sharon shared that “Max passed peacefully in his sleep on December 6, 2016, at home.”
PHOTOS: Deaths, Attacks & More! 10 Horrific Cruise Ship Nightmares EXPOSED
And Sharon then slammed Heard as a dad, writing in the obit, “Max was in deep grief of not having a father participating in his life. We did everything to help him, but the agony was with him. He knew how loved he was by his mother, and sister, and his new girlfriend Maggie. We adore him, and will continue to adore him. For all of eternity. All of our love, Max. —Mommiexxx,” stated the obituary.
In the obit, Sharon had also written, “His mother, Sharon and his sister, Annika, love him with all of their hearts, and he gives them signs every day, that he is loving the wonder of heaven.
“Max loved music, he loved his friends, and strangers as well. Max adored writing, philosophy, nature, and Dexter. He enjoyed helping friends. He was a young man who spoke few words, but his wisdom was astounding. Many friends, including Annika, feel lost, as he directed them in their lives.”
PHOTOS: Charles Manson ‘Son’ Rushes To Cult Leader’s Deathbed
No cause of death was given for Max.
And his famous father Heard’s death is still a mystery as it’s claimed he was at a hotel on Friday, recovering from “minor back surgery” when he passed away.
A number of famous people have died in hotels, including Whitney Houston and John Belushi, as Radar has reported.
PHOTOS: Holly Bobo Murder: 3 Men Accused Of Her Violent Death Shackled In Court
Anna Nicole Smith collapsed at the Hard Rock Hotel in Hollywood, Fla., in 2007 and later was pronounced dead.
And now, veteran star Heard’s mysterious death at a hotel in California has caused shock.
The coroner is currently investigating Heard’s death. Check Radar for more on all the latest developments.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n