Article continues below Instagram Amy Smart After battling fertility struggles for years, the actress and husband Carter Oosterhouse welcomed daughter Flora via surrogate in December 2016. Gerardo Mora/Getty Images Jimmy Fallon The Toni.../n
E! News recently learned that Kim Kardashian and husband Kanye West have hired a surrogate to carry their third child, who will join big sister North West, 4, and brother Saint West, 18 months.Kim joins a growing list of celebs who have used gestational carriers to expand their families.Tyra Banks and partner Erik Asla welcomed their first child, York Banks Asla, via a surrogate last year.She recently shared the first full photo of their son on Instagram on Father's Day, writing, "To all the amazing daddies out there that love their kids unconditionally like my mommy's daddy and my daddy, too...HAPPY FATHER'S DAY! -York."
The Star Wars creator and wife Mellody Hobson welcomed their first child, daughter Everest, via a surrogate in 2013.
Neil Patrick Harris and David Burtka are parents to 6-year-old twins Gideon and Harper, who were also born via a surrogate."Happy Fathers' Day from Daddy, Harper, Gideon and Papa," Harris wrote on Instagram on Father's Day. "Being a parent is the single most challenging thing I've ever done/continue to do, but it's also far and away the greatest joy in my life. It has given me purpose, taught me patience, and expanded my heart. Thanks, @dbelicious, for taking the journey of two lifetimes with me. #grateful."

In most cases, people who use surrogates hire women they don't know through an agency. But other times, their loved ones offer to carry their babies.Shayne Lamas give a special shout-out to her own dad, Lorenzo Lamas, on Father's Day. His wife and her stepmother, Shawna Craig, carried Shayne and husband Nik Richie's second child, son Lyon, who was born in 2015."Happy Fathers Day Dad! I don't have the words to describe the love I have for you," Shayne wrote. "Runs deep and will forever be so blessed to call you MY Dad! -sdlr."
/n