Please, No Moore! Demi CAUGHT Kissing Teen In Bizarre Video/n
A shocking video of Demi Moore making out with an underage boy has surfaced, and only RadarOnline.com has the footage!
The video is exclusive footage taken by Entertainment Tonight in 1982, when then 18-year-old Demi Moore was a star on General Hospital. Moore is seen at a birthday dinner for her co-star, 15-year-old Philip Tanzini, and can’t seem to keep her arms, or lips, off him!
“Demi never stopped flirting with him throughout the evening,” one witness at the time claimed. “Even though reporters and photographers were in full sight, she kept right on kissing and cuddling and teasing him until the party was over.”
But that’s not all! Moore invited Tanzini into a ladies room stall for some private hanky-panky.
PHOTOS: Demi Moore Marriage Shocker — Did Tallulah Willis Tie The Knot Behind Her Back?
Moore teased the child with taunts like, “Come on honey, let me teach you how to be a man,” another witness alleged. “When Demi arrived, she was acting pretty rowdy. It looked like she’d been partying before she got there.”
At the time, Moore, now 54, was married to musician Freddy Moore, and had quite a bad-girl reputation around Hollywood.
“In those days, she used a lot of drugs and booze,” one observer claimed. “She’s clean and sober now, but back then she was a bad influence on a kid like Philip.”
According to the source, the sexy flirtation didn’t end until Tanzini’s mom stormed into the ladies room and told them to knock it off!
PHOTOS: Demi Moore’s Star Style Evolution
“She was furious,” the witness claimed. “When I told her I couldn’t get them to come out, she made a beeline to the bathroom and put a stop to Demi and Philip’s shenanigans.”
Radar readers know that Moore likes younger men: She counts much-younger stars like Ashton Kutcher and Tobey Maguire mong her conquests.[http://radaronline.com/celebrity-news/demi-moore-tobey-maguire-divorce-dating-after-ashton-kutcher-jennifer-meyer-split/]
Moore has never shied away from her past either, openly admitting she was once a proud hell-raiser.
“I dabbled in everything,” she has confessed. “It’s better to live dangerously than not at all.”
What do you think of the footage above?
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n