 911! Jenelle Evans 'Threw A Glass' At Nathan Griffith's Girlfriend, He Claims In Shocking.../n
When Jenelle Evans was arrested for assault and battery earlier this month, both she and her ex, Nathan Griffith, had differing versions of what really happened. But now, RadarOnline.com has exclusively obtained the 9-1-1 call where Griffith, tells the operator that she “threw a glass” at his girlfriend’s head.
The troubled Teen Mom 2 star was taken to jail in South Carolina on August 20, 2015 after Griffith called the police following the altercation with Jessica Henry.
On the audio from that day, Griffith explains to the operator what he says occurred when he arrived at the home he previously shared with Evans (and where he was arrested for domestic violence in March).
PHOTOS: Nathan Allegedly Slams Fiancée Jenelle In Private Tweets To Actress
“I’m over at my ex-fiancée’s house and I have text messages where she said she put the rest of my stuff outside,” Griffith tells the 911 operator.
“So I came over to pick it up and I am actually with my girlfriend and she’s really jealous; she’s really jealous that I have a girlfriend now.“
Griffith tries to explain the back story to the operator, claiming the MTV star told him to come to his former home to pick up his belongings.
“She actually dropped stuff off in the driveway for me to come pick up,” he says.
PHOTOS: It’s Over! Jenelle Evans Breaks Up With Fiancé Nathan Griffith — For Good!
He then tells the operator what he believes happened: “II’m with my girlfriend and she [Evans] actually ran outside and threw a glass cup at her head and it shattered everywhere. We’re not on her property or anything, we’re in the truck on the side of the street,“ he says.
The Myrtle Beach, South Carolina operator asks if Griffith can “get away from that residence to move away to meet with an officer?”

Griffith says yes, “We can easily get away. That’s not the problem. I was just there picking up the rest of my stuff from the house.”
Henry’s alleged injuries were not life threatening because when the operator asked if she needed an ambulance, Griffith replied, “No.”
As Radar previously reported, Evans was subsequently arrested and spent the night in jail, but was released on August 21 on her own recognizance and she did not have to pay bail.
What do you think of the panicked 911 call and Jenelle and Nathan’s violent relationship? Sound off in the comments below /n