Radar on 'M*A*S*H': "Memba Him?!/nGary Burghoff is best known for playing the lovable Corporal Walter  "Radar " O'Reilly on the 1970's television show  "M*A*S*H. " Guess what he looks like now!    Audrina Patridge's Sexy New Ad Campaign!  Audrina Patridge is showing off her amazing body once again for Bongo -- and this time, she's stripping down to a bikini for the brand.Patridge, who modeled jeans for the company last year, poses for the new ad campaign -- which includes a brand new line of swimwear!The line of bikinis and clothing will reportedly be available at Kmart, Sears and online this March.Check out the new photos -- and some behind-the-scenes shots -- above!    'Idol' Contestant House Fire -- The Charred Remains  The single mom who belts out an AMAZING rendition of Melissa Etheridge's  "I'm the Only One " on  "American Idol " tonight nearly lost her house in a recent fire -- and TMZ has photos of the carnage.Sources close to 28-year-old Wendy Taylor tell TMZ, the blaze roared through her Houston home Friday night -- right after she tucked her three boys into bed.We're told Wendy had stepped outside to make a phone call when she heard her dogs scratching at the door -- at which point, she discovered massive amounts of smoke billowing through her house and dialed 911. She and the kids made it out in one piece -- sadly, the same can't be said for her kitchen.No word on the official cause -- but we're told it was probably an electrical malfunction.       "Bachelor " Alums Jesse Csincsak & Ann Lueders' Little Noah!  Introducing Noah Theodore Csincsak! The adorable baby boy was born Wednesday at 4 a.m. in Colorado, to former  "Bachelorette " winner Jesse Csincsak and one-time  "Bachelor " contestant Ann Lueders.Little Noah, who weighed 7 pounds, 4 ounces, was delivered via emergency C-section after 21 hours of labor.     Celebrity Shnozzes -- Is Bigger Better? We did a little rhinoplasty on some of the biggest names in Hollywood -- but sometimes the original is best. Click through the pics and decide -- work ... or no work?    What's the Big Frigin' Difference?!  Step right up and take the TMZ eye exam -- if you can spot the sneaky differences in the following photos... then good news -- you can see!**HINT -- There are THREE differences in the above photo!**    Whose '80s Hair?!  Try and guess which super celebrity had some serious (and non-gender specific) '80s hair!Hair-larious.    Celebrity Scramble!  Try and guess whose pretty face was given a gnarly celebrity scrambling ... compliments of TMZ!/n