Hillary Betrayed! Clinton Family Member Endorses Donald Trump/n
Hopeless Hillary Clinton‘s own family has turned against her — and endorsed Donald Trump for president! In a bombshell world exclusive interview with RadarOnline.com, the only daughter of Bill Clinton‘s druggie brother, Roger, revealed she’s voting for Hillary’s Republican rival instead of her “selfish” aunt!
Hairstylist Macy Smit has never met Hillary. Her father — the former first lady’s brother-in-law — was a deadbeat dad who walked out on her mom when she was pregnant.
“Something tells me the Clinton side of the family looks at me and my mother as not good enough, but we’re hard-working!” Macy, 25, said from her home in Tampa, Fla. “I support Donald Trump — 100 percent! I have been a Democrat my entire life, but Trump is what we need right now — somebody who is going to stand up for us. I think at this point Hillary just wants it for the history books — to be the first woman president for selfish reasons.”
PHOTOS: Hillary’s Lies EXPOSED! Clinton’s Top 5 Debate Whoppers
Macy works 10 to 12-hour days at a salon, while husband Derrick Smit, 25, is a meteorologist with the U.S. Air Force. He’s on active duty in Kuwait, where he helps coordinate air operations into Iraq. He was deployed in July and will return in January. Last year, pregnant Macy suffered heartbreaking tragedy when she lost her baby. At the time, her husband was deployed and she claims she was abandoned by the Clintons.
Macy said, “They’re not as good as everyone thinks they are. I went through some very personal things [without their support].”
Macy’s mom, Martha Spivey, also has strong feelings about Roger. “Macy had a miscarriage last year,” she said, “and he wasn’t even there for her. He talked to her on the phone a couple of different times but didn’t go to the hospital.”
PHOTOS: REVEALED: Hillary’s Daily Call List! Martha Stewart, Bon Jovi, Barbara Walters & More
“The Clintons are all talk!” Martha, 50, told Radar. “Hillary says she’s all about family, but she’s got a niece she’s never met and never acknowledged. The Clintons have never helped us out.” According to Macy, she has a distant relationship with her father. Although they talk regularly, Macy said Roger, 60, constantly makes promises he doesn’t keep — just like Hillary!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n