Abby Lee In Danger? Inmate Found DEAD In Miller’s Prison From Suspected Assault/n
Abby Lee Miller has many enemies on Dance Moms, but she may want to play nice with her fellow inmates! RadarOnline.com can reveal that an inmate was killed at the same prison Miller is reporting to.
FCI Victorville inmate Michael Paul Jones was found unresponsive in his cell at 8:45p.m. in October 2012, Council of Prison Locals reported.
Paramedics transported the 35-year-old from the prison on Air Expressway to Victor Valley Community Hospital. He was pronounced dead at 9:47 p.m.
Jones’ injuries were “consistent with assault.”
PHOTOS: Prosecutor Rips Into ‘Dance Moms’ Star Abby Lee Miller During First Hearing
The San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Office and FBI would not respond for Radar’s request for comment on Jones’ final cause of death.
But this isn’t the first time there has been violence behind bars at Victorville.
As Radar exclusively reported, a male Victorville inmate accused two correction officers of sexual assault and harassment.
On April 16, 2015, the inmate was instructed to go to the recreation yard when a fight broke out in the dining hall. An officer called him to come over to the handball court via hand signal. When he entered, two other officers were with him.
PHOTOS: Partying Before Prison! Abby Lee Miller Lets Loose Ahead Of Fraud Sentencing
Once of the officers ordered him to “f*****g get against the fence.” He complied and was told by the same officer, “If you move, I’ll put you down!”
“[The officer] places his left hand in the Plaintiff’s left pants pocket and forcefully grabbed and squeezed the Plaintiff’s genitals,” the documents read.
He asked for $250,000,000 for compensatory damages and $250,000,000 for punitive damages.
The case is ongoing.
PHOTOS: Dangerous Driver! ‘Dance Moms’ Star Kira Girard Busted For Unsafe Traffic Violations
In a second case, a male inmate accused employees of harassment and assault.
On November 23, 2016, the inmate’s cell was searched because an officer believed a razor, which is banned from the prison, was in his possession. He was cuffed up and pulled out of the cell and moved to another.
He refused to be handcuffed, as he feared he could be assaulted. The force team was called and sprayed a chemical spray into the cell.
With his handcuffs behind his head, he was hit with a blow to the back of the head. An officer then sat on his back and punched him 10 times, knocking him in and out of consciousness.
PHOTOS: Rape, Abortions, STDs, Homelessness: ‘Teen Mom 2’ Star Kailyn Lowry’s 15 Most Shocking Secrets and Scandals Revealed
He claims the alleged abuse began when he filed a Prison Rape Elimination Act complaint after an alleged incident where a staff member groped him.
He is asking for $75,000 in compensatory damages and $75,000 in punitive damages.
The plaintiff improperly filed complaint one in the South District of California, and refiled the same complaint in the Central District of California. He claims the court improperly dismissed the amended complaint instead of the original. The plaintiff’s motion to correct action on dismissed case was denied.
PHOTOS: Pamela Anderson Reveals Rape, Molestation and Gang Rape During Charity Foundation Speech
The former Dance Moms stars pled guilty to not reporting an international monetary transaction and one count of concealing bankruptcy assets in June 2016.
She was sentenced to one year and one day in prison and will report to Victorville on July 12.
Do you think Miller is safe? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n