These Photos of Pregnant Kate Middleton Will Get You Even More Excited For Royal Baby No. 2/n





                    Kate's Due Date
                







Find out when the Cambridges will welcome baby number two!

 MORE >>





Kate Middleton is showing off her growing baby bump!
The Duchess of Cambridge was just spotted at the GSK Human Performance Laboratory in West London. She was there to meet with athletes at a SportsAid workshop. Cameras captured Middleton and her baby bump at the event. Check out our gallery to see the pictures of Middleton! Trust us, they’ll get you really excited for royal baby No. 2!
After suffering from Hyperemesis Gravidarum at the beginning of her pregnancy, Middleton now seems to be doing very well. It was announced that she’s due in April, so if our math is correct, Middleton is about four months along.
This will be the second child for Middleton and her husband, Prince William aka the Duke of Cambridge. The new baby will join the Duke and Duchess’ first child, Prince George.
In the pictures Middleton can be seen talking with athletes and even taking part in cognitive tests. Check out the Instagram video posted by Clarence House.



The Duchess of Cambridge takes part in cognitive tests at the GSK High Performance Lab which is putting young aspiring athletes through their paces at an all-day event hosted by sports aid.
A video posted by Clarence House (@clarencehouse) on Nov 11, 2014 at 7:33am PST


Here’s a photo Clarence House posted on Instagram.



The Duchess of Cambridge meets young athletes who hope to compete for Team GB at the 2020 Olympic Games in Tokyo. These athletes are being supported by Sports Aid – a charity of which HRH is Patron
A photo posted by Clarence House (@clarencehouse) on Nov 11, 2014 at 7:37am PST


 
Launch the gallery to see all of the photos of Middleton and her growing baby bump! After you check out the photos, tell us your thoughts! Do you think Middleton will have a boy or a girl? Sound off in the comments!


Kate Middleton steps out after Announcing second pregnancy








































8 Photos »



 

/n