on many films together, including The 40-Year-Old Virgin, Funny People, This Is 40 and Knocked Up. The funny husband and wife duo has two daughters, Maude and Iris. 3. Ellen DeGeneres and Portia de Rossi: De Rossi, 40, made Arrested Developm.../n
Amy Poehler is moving on after her divorce from Will Arnett.The Parks and Recreaction funnylady is dating an equally funny guy: comedian and Kroll Show host Nick Kroll, Us Weekly reports.Kroll is Poehler's first reported flame since she split with Arnett in September 2012 after nine years of marriage. The romance report isn't a complete shock. Kroll has guest-starred several times on Parks and Rec playing a radio host named "The Douche."Though their relationship is new, Poehler and Kroll aren't the only hot comedy couple in Hollywood. Check out our top five funny celeb lovers:

1. Anna Faris and Chris Pratt: Poehler's Parks and Recreation costar, 33, and the 36-year-old actress met while filming the comedy Take Me Home Tonight. The cute couple married in July of 2009 and welcomed their first son together in August 2012.

2. Judd Apatow and Leslie Mann: Mann met Apatow while filming 1996's The Cable Guy, which he produced. Since then they've worked on many films together, including The 40-Year-Old Virgin, Funny People, This Is 40 and Knocked Up. The funny husband and wife duo has two daughters, Maude and Iris.

3. Ellen DeGeneres and Portia de Rossi: De Rossi, 40, made Arrested Development fans everywhere laugh during her stint on the show playing Lindsay Bluth, a delusional socialite and fake activist. Meanwhile, her wife of almost five years has been making people laugh for decades, from her hit comedy Ellen to her talk show, The Ellen DeGeneres Show.

4. Jennifer Aniston and Justin Theroux: The A-list couple met while filming 2012's Wanderlust alongside Paul Rudd and Malin Akerman. They've been one of Hollywood's hottest couples ever since. Theroux, 41, proposed to Aniston, 44 in August 2012 with a giant diamond engagement ring.

5. Megan Mullally and Nick Offerman: The former Will & Grace comedy queen and her Parks and Recreation man (see a theme here?) met in 2000 while doing a play together in L.A. and wed three years later. They often work together. Offerman brought laughs to Will & Grace when he guest-starred during its fourth season and, most recently, Mullally popped up on Parks and Rec playing his crazy ex-wife Tammy.
/n