Money-Hungry Prince 'Relative' Is A Liar, His Own Family Claims/n
Prince‘s alleged half-brother doesn’t seem to be getting any closer the huge payday he was hoping for. In an exclusive interview, Roskco Motes‘ family slammed his outrageous claims and declared that he is in no way related to the iconic singer!
As previously reported, Motes filed paperwork with the Carver County Courthouse claiming that his father, Haywood K. Nelson Sr., told him he was Prince’s biological father. That would make Motes his half-brother But his own stepmother told Radar it’s all a lie!
“Roskco Motes is my stepson and he has claimed that Haywood K. Nelson Sr., who is my husband, is Prince Rogers Nelson’s biological father,” Maxine Nelson told Radar. “This is a rumor that is not true.”
PHOTOS: Happy Birthday Prince! Stars Celebrate Weeks After His Death
“Haywood Sr. made it known that he was not Prince Rogers Nelson’s father, and Roskco Motes has been told this,” she added.
Motes “is my husband’s son, but he is not related to me,” Maxine said. “Therefore my son, who is Haywood K. Nelson Jr., is a half brother to Roskco, but not to Prince. We are not related to Prince.”
Upon hearing about her stepson’s claim, Maxine confessed, her family became very upset and tried to dispel the rumors on Twitter.
PHOTOS: Inside Prince’s Star-Studded Jehovah’s Witness Funeral
“The rumor started as an old wives tale by someone who just wanted to be related to someone famous and he has taken it and run with it,” Maxine said. “He got the rumor from his aunt. So she told him this, and everybody in the family told her, ‘Don’t say that. Don’t put that out there,’ because it wasn’t true! My husband has never been to Minneapolis – not ever.”
While Motes has been feverishly trying to prove his heirship, Maxine told Radar that she and her family feel terrible for the trouble he may be causing.
Prince’s real family is “going through enough things,” Maxine said. They don’t need anybody to put another thing on them. And my son and his wife are upset because they’re not trying to hurt Prince’s family in any way. They’re not in on any of this that Roskco Motes is doing.”
PHOTOS: Caribbean Paradise: See Inside Prince’s Lavish $12 Million Mansion
Motes’s claim is still open. /n