Nick Jonas Gets Personal on ‘Chainsaw,’ Leonardo DiCaprio Vapes it Up and More News/n





                    WATCH: Nick Jonas Reveals He's Single
                







Nick Jonas is "single.

 MORE >>





We’re bringing you the latest news with the Celebuzz newsfeed featuring Nick Jonas, Leonardo DiCaprio, Ben Affleck, OneRepublic and more.
This space may be updated throughout the day, so keep check back for more news.
Singer Nick Jonas has just released his new song “Chainsaw” from his forthcoming album Last Year Was Complicated.

In a couple hours my most personal song I’ve ever written will be released. #chainsaw
— Nick Jonas (@nickjonas) May 13, 2016

Take a listen to “Chainsaw”:


Actor Leonardo DiCaprio was showing off a little paunch while vaping with a rather large e-cigarette on the streets of New York City. DiCaprio was looking ultra casual wearing a grey polo shirt, jeans, and a navy baseball cap and shoes. His latest rumored model girlfriend, Victoria Lee Robinson, was nowhere to be seen. [DailyMail]


Leonardo DiCaprio's Chillest Moments	








































21 Photos »



In Ben Affleck’s new movie, The Accountant, he plays a math genius who has a taste for accounting… and vigilante justice. You read that right.
Directed by Gavin O’Connor (Warrior), the new Warner Bros. film stars Affleck as a man named Christian Wolff, a boy genius turned adult math savant who works as an accountant for “some of the world’s most dangerous criminal organizations.” Things are going well (Wolff makes a mean over easy egg) until a government official (J.K. Simmons) tries to get Wolff to give up his years of criminal knowledge. Gun fights and mystery ensue.
Costarring Anna Kendrick (as an accounting clerk who winds up unwittingly involved in the action), Jon Bernthal, Jeffrey Tambor, and John Lithgow, The Accountant is out on Oct. 14.






Multi-platinum, Grammy-nominated quintet OneRepublic is back with a brand new single, “Wherever I Go,” on Mosley/Interscope Records. The new single is available for digital download and streaming via all participating digital retailers on Friday, May 13.





The song hears the group take it up a notch with epic piano lines and a funk-driven rhythm. But it’s Ryan Tedder’s voice which really makes it different from anything they’ve done before, with his soulful growls and soaring falsetto the main driving force.

Andrew Lloyd Webber has confirmed that Nicole Scherzinger ditched Cats on Broadway for The X Factor – and admitted that he’s “furious” about it. Speaking to The Economist Radio, Lloyd Webber revealed that Nicole had agreed to take part in the Broadway production, but pulled out just before rehearsals began.
And he called her “crazy” for turning down the chance to star in Cats again, admitting that she has made him look stupid. [The Guardian]


Yesterday's Hottest Celebrity Sightings








































52 Photos »


/n