Winfrey War: Oprah’s Stepmother Given 60 Days To Vacate Tennessee Home/n
Following a judge’s recommendation, Oprah Winfrey will give her former stepmom, Barbara Winfrey 60 days to vacate the $1.4 million Williamson County estate owned by the TV star, RadarOnline.com has learned.
Even though Oprah owned the Laurelbrooke home, Barbara, who is divorced from Oprah’s father Vernon, refused to leave.
She had faced eviction within the next 10 days, but on during an eviction hearing on March 31, General Sessions Court Judge Ernie Williams’ suggested the former stepmother could be given more time.
PHOTOS: Oprah Through The Years
“The court is certainly aware of your situation,” Williams told Barbara Winfrey. “I’m trying to do what I can for you, OK?”
Oprah, had purchased the Laurelbrooke, Tenn. house for her father, and Barbara after they wed in 2001.  It was kept in the name of the limited liability company Overground Railroad, started by Oprah, reports USA Today.
But the couple’s relationship fell apart two years ago and Vernon filed for divorce amid a financial free fall.
PHOTOS: Take A Peek Inide Oprah Winfrey’s Chicago Apartment
The talk show-turned cable net titan then offered Barbara her former house “free and clear” to live in.
Barbara refused the deal because, she said, it required her to sign a non-disclosure agreement with her former stepdaughter.
“As part of the divorce proceedings, Barbara Winfrey was offered the Chateaue Valley home free and clear to live with her family and she chose not to accept it,” a spokesperson for Oprah told Radar.
 PHOTOS: Oprah Gets Star Studded Farewell Surprise!
“The next offer was to sell the residence on Willowbooke Circle and split the proceeds equally, which she also turned down.  After several requests to voluntarily vacate the property at Willowbrooke Circle, the appropriate paperwork has been filed to have her vacate the property.  A 60 day extension has been granted.”
Oprah is well-known for her generosity with her relatives and earlier this year purchased a half-million dollar house for her long-lost half sister. /n