Tom Hanks' Troubled Son Reveals Baby Bombshell: 'I Have A Daughter'/n
Chet Hanks isn’t keeping his daughter a secret anymore. Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson‘s troubled son turned to social media to confirm he welcomed a baby girl.
“I know I have not been that active on the gram lately because I have been figuring out my life, which is what we’re all doing,” he began the confession. “I want to share something today… I have a daughter. I do have a daughter.”
Chet, 26, explained how his first child is the “best thing that’s ever happened” to him.
“She’s the reason why I turned my life around and got sober,” he said. “I’ve been sober for over a year and a half from everything.”
PHOTOS: Family Bonding! Tom Hanks Takes Recently Rehabbed Son Chet Out For Hockey Game Fun – Inside Their Boys’ Night
Despite the confession, Chet has vowed to keep his daughter out of the public eye.
“I don’t post her on Instagram because her privacy is sacred to me,” he said. “She’s not something to be posted, she’s something that I love. That’s changed my life. It hasn’t been easy making all my mistakes in public but I’m figuring it out. I’m doing the best I can.”
He then took to Twitter to praise the mother of his child.
“I’m just thankful that my daughter has such a great mom,” he tweeted.
PHOTOS: I Do! Inside Allison Williams’ Star-Studded Wedding — Tom Hanks Officiated!
As Radar readers know, Chet has battled with substance abuse issues over the years.
“Tom has been beating himself up over Chet losing his bearings,” a source exclusively told Radar. “He’s putting the fault squarely on his shoulders for not being attentive enough during his formative years. Instead, he chose to put his career first and foremost before his family.”
Despite multiple stints in rehab, Chet hit rock bottom when he reportedly got drunk at a nightclub during a trip to London in May. He later trashed his hotel room and caused $2,000 in damages.
Do you think he’ll stay sober? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n