Another A-List Split! Danny DeVito & Rhea Perlman's $140 Million Divorce Shocker/n
Taxi star Danny DeVito and his Cheers legend wife, Rhea Perlman, have secretly split again — and this time it looks like it’s for good, sources tell Radar.
A month ago, Rhea was still calling Danny her “hubby” on her Twitter page. But the pair, who have been married for 34 years, are leading separate lives — and discussing a $140 million divorce, according to sources.
DeVito, who has grown children Daniel, 29; Grace, 31; and Lucy, 33, with Perlman, has been accused of “womanizing” and was recently photographed overseas with blond beauty Sandra Seeling, director of Spain’s Evolution International Film Festival.
“Danny and Rhea have broken up, gotten back together and broken up again,” said a source. “This time it looks like the end.
PHOTOS: Don’t Get Mad, Get Everything! Inside The 16 Most Expensive Celebrity Divorces Of All Time
“They’ve both been leading separate lives for a while now and it appears that it’s going to stay that way.”
“The reason that they haven’t announced a bust-up is they wanted to keep it quiet for the sake of their grownup kids.”
A real estate source told RadarOnline.com the couple quietly unloaded their mammoth Beverly Hills mansion last year for a whopping $28 million in an off-the-market sale.
And they may be preparing to sell their Malibu beach house next, after it was featured in a spread for Architectural Digest.
PHOTOS: Heartbreak Home: Divorced Celebs and Their Former Love Nests
“It’s not uncommon for celebrities to have their homes in Architectural Digest before they are sold,” noted a source. “It’s the best kind of advertisement you could hope for!”
The It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia actor, 71, and the former sitcom star, 68, wed in 1982.
But in 2012, she gave him the boot. Sources cited DeVito’s “womanizing ways” for the breakup, saying he “regularly ditched date nights with Rhea to party” with younger buddies.
The 4-foot-10 half-pint was rumored to have had a girlfriend while doing the stage version of The Sunshine Boys in London that summer.
PHOTOS: Bikinis! The 10 Sexiest Double Divorcees!
A source says he also had “a reputation of cheating with on the set of his films.”
After years of putting up with DeVito’s wandering eyes, “Rhea finally snapped,” a source says. “She had enough of his bad-boy behavior and wanted to end their marriage.”
But DeVito begged her for a second chance and they got back together in 2013.
Last year, Perlman realized DeVito was set in his ways, sources said. After suffering through the death of her dad, Philip, in April 2016, the couple finally began to pull the plug on their marriage once and for all.
PHOTOS: Nastiest Hollywood Divorces Dragged Through The Legal System
They’ve quietly separated, but haven’t filed for divorce.
Four-time Emmy winner Perlman has been shooting a new comedy, Me and My Grandma, for YouTube Red’s streaming service.
Meanwhile, DeVito is set for a Broadway revival of Arthur Miller‘s play The Price, opening Feb. 16.
Sources believe the marriage is kaput.
“Rhea cares a lot about Danny,” says an insider. “But she realized he’s probably never going to change!”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n