Fond Farewell: Kirk Douglas, 100, Pays Tribute To 'Beautiful' Zsa Zsa Gabor/n
After Zsa Zsa Gabor’s tragic death, Kirk Douglas paid tribute to the “wonderful and beautiful” starlet — and RadarOnline.com has the exclusive details.
The ailing screen legend sent kind words to his long standing friend after the socialite passed away from a heart attack on Sunday at the age of 99.
Reached at his home in Los Angeles, Kirk told Radar via his caregiver: “She was a wonderful and beautiful woman.”
Kirk, father of actor Michael Douglas, turned 100 earlier this month, and was planning a joint celebration with Zsa Zsa when she reached the milestone herself in February.
PHOTOS: ‘Still Your Dad’ — Caitlyn Jenner’s Daughters Pay Tribute On Her First Father’s Day Since Transition: 9 Heartwarming Photos
Zsa Zsa’s husband, Frederic Von Anhalt, said earlier this year: “You only get to be 100 once, so we’re going to celebrate big.”
“Kirk is coming down for it — they’re about the only ones left, who have survived!” he added. “The Governor of California has given his approval and is going to come along too.”
Frederic held birthday parties for his wife — who has been confined to her bed at their Bel Air mansion since 2014 — every year, but in 2015 guests weren’t allowed to visit the former actress in her room after she was deemed too frail.
PHOTOS: Paris Jackson Pays Tribute To Prince With New Purple Hair
Frederic said his wife was also hoping she would get a card from Queen Elizabeth II of England when she turned 100, as Zsa Zsa was a friend of her husband, Prince Philip.
“It would be very nice if the Queen sent a postcard or a telegram, my wife is actually a good friend of Prince Philip,” he revealed. “I have a wonderful picture of my wife with The Queen, a beautiful old photo of them together.”
Zsa Zsa would also look forward to visits from former U.S. President Ronald Reagan and his wife Nancy before his death in 2004.
“Nancy and Ronald used to come up and say hello when they lived in Bel Air because his birthday was the same day,” Frederic said.
Zsa Zsa’s only daughter, Francesca Hilton, suddenly passed away from a heart attack and stroke in 2015, leaving Frederic as her sole heir and survivor.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n