Rocky Start! Tamra Calls Vicki 'Trash' In 'RHOC' Premiere/n
The OG Housewives are back with a vengeance!
Tamra Judge and Vicki Gunvalson still hate each other, Lydia McLaughlin is back trying to play peacemaker, Shannon Beador‘s weight gain is crushing her, Meghan King Edmonds is bragging about her baby weight loss and Kelly Dodd is ready for even more plastic surgery on the Real Housewives of Orange County season 12 premiere.
The show opens with Beador’s heartbreaking depression over her weight gain.
“Today I look in the mirror and I don’t recognize who I am,” she says as she bursts into tears.
PHOTOS: Tamra Barney Judge: 14 Secrets Scandals
The reality star explains that Gunvalson’s bringing up the allegations about her husband cheating ultimately caused her to pack on the pounds, saying it “caused me to eat more, to drink more. That’s a huge part of why I gained my weight. My weight gain has affected me and how I feel about myself. I’m embarrassed.”
As she tries to make a healthy dinner for her family, her husband hits her with snide remarks, saying her quinoa salad is a far cry from a “Mastro’s filet.”
Gunvalson is up next, bringing up the old fight with Judge from season 11. “I haven’t heard from Tamra since she told me I was a con artist [at the reunion] and that I was old.” After a flashback played of their vicious fight, Gunvalson says, “She spat in my face like a testosterone psycho.”
PHOTOS: Abuse, Neglect, & ‘Inappropriate’ Behavior! The 15 Most Shocking Allegations Against ‘RHOC’ Star Tamra Judge In Her Custody Case
Gunvalson dismisses Judge and her friends, channeling a Mean Girls scene. “They’re not the popular girls. We’re the popular girls. They want to be like us and they can’t be.”
Judge then attends a Bible study with McLaughlin, who suggests that they should have lunch with Gunvalson, recalling the fun times they had in 2013 in Mexico on vacation.
But Judge is irate with Gunvalson for saying that her husband, Eddie Judge, is gay.
PHOTOS: Monster Mom To Gushing Grandma! ‘RHOC’ Star Tamra Barney Judge Welcomes Granddaughter Ava — See 10 Adorable Photos
“It’s disgusting. It’s not true for one, it’s still very hurtful,” she admits to McLaughlin.
King Edmonds only makes one appearance in the season premiere, from her house in Palm Springs where she and her husband, Jim, are gushing over baby Aspen.
“She’s a beautiful baby, thank God, because Jim is not beautiful,” she jokes. Then she brags about dropping the extra baby pounds she had gained. “It’s been really easy to lose my pregnancy weight. Thank you genetics, thank you breast feeding. Thank God.”
PHOTOS: Woo, Hoo! ‘Real Housewives of Orange County’ Star Vicki Gunvalson’s 15 Top Secrets & Scandals
RHOC returns to Judge’s Bible study at McLaughlin’s house, where she tearfully reveals her heartache over her daughter, Sidney Barney, whom she claims she hasn’t seen for “three and a half years.”
“I have shed so many tears and been so emotional lately,” Judge cries, but says her faith helped her. “I know in my heart that God has a plan for me and Sidney.”
She explains that Sidney just turned 18 but they “have had some communication and texting,” which gives her a “glimmer of hope.”
PHOTOS: Un-Real! Vicki Gunvalson Fights Back Against ‘RHOC’ Cast’s ‘Ridiculous Lies’ — The Truth About Brooks Ayers’ Cancer & More
Gunvalson’s boyfriend, Steve Lodge, is back again but she just can’t quit disliked former lover Brooks Ayers.
“I have made some wrong decisions when it comes to love,” she explained. And then drops the bombshell about her boyfriend who faked cancer.
“I miss Brooks. Despite what everybody wants to think about that man we had a great relationship. But I would never go back to that.”
PHOTOS: Living A Lie! Vicki Gunvalson & Brooks Ayers Breakup: 7 Secrets Behind The Split
She compares the two men, saying Lodge is “reliable, dependable, honest, trustworthy,” while saying about Ayers: “I never knew what he was really up to. Steve, I always know what he is up to.”
Dodd’s brief appearance has her trying to convince her mom to date and to get vaginal rejuvenation surgery, much to her mother’s horror.
She also discusses her marriage problems, saying: “We’re both trying to work it out. But he’s attached to my hip and sometimes I just need a break.”
PHOTOS: Results Are In! Oncologist Weighs In On ‘RHOC’ Brooks Ayers Cancer Documents — The Shocking Truth!
Gunvalson is then shown with her daughter Briana Culberson and her adorable toddler boys, who love nothing more than a funny fart! As Culberson tries to convince her mom to marry Lodge, she takes a dig at Ayers, smiling while she reveals his shady behavior.
“It is so nice to like my mom’s boyfriend for once. Steve has a job. He doesn’t hit on me,” she says with a grin.
Back to Judge. She is working out in her gym, CUT Fitness, and chats with her husband about Gunvalson.
PHOTOS: House Of Horrors! The Beadors Sell Mansion With ‘Bad Memories’ At A Major Discount
“Eddie has no time for bullshit,” she reveals about their feud. “He thinks she’s trash.”
She then tells Eddie why she wants nothing to do with Gunvalson. “She makes up stories about her own life, she makes up cancer. If somebody makes up stories about their own life they’re going to lie about your life.”
McLaughlin is back as a full time Housewife, and introduces her three children and their sprawling mansion (and reveals that she moved away from her mom who LOVES to smoke pot, which is legal in California so “now it’s on a whole other level”).
PHOTOS: TV Fakery, Divorce, Criminal Charges & More: Yolanda Hadid’s Secrets Exposed
The RHOC drama continues with Beador and Judge shopping for prom dresses with their daughter and niece, respectively.
But they only focus on Beador’s weight problems .
“I don’t believe Shannon’s weight problem is all about Vicki,” Judge says. “I believe she’s still hurting about the affair. Shannon wants to get healthy but I just don’t see that she has the motivation behind it.”
PHOTOS: Mean Girl! Vicki ‘Livid’ Over Being Shut Out Of Shannon Beador’s Vow Renewal
The season premiere of RHOC ends with Gunvalson and McLaughlin boozing it up at lunch and trash talking Judge.
“I’m mad about her calling me a con artist,” Gunvalson admits. “I’ve never conned anybody in my life. That’s not nice. I don’t hurt people I love.”
McLaughlin tries to get her to agree to a meeting with Judge, but has no luck.
“I am tired of them being bullies and lying about my character. They have to be nice to me. If they’re not nice to me the gloves are coming off!”
Stay with Radar for weekly recaps of all the insane drama on The Real Housewives of Orange County!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n