Kesha Returns With Emotional New Song Praying — Listen!!/n

It's a happy day for Kesha fans!
On Thursday, the songstress released her new track, Praying, after teasing it just a day earlier!
In case you missed it, Kesha took to Twitter on Wednesday with a short clip for her fans to thank them for their support and surprised them with the name of her single (produced this time by the totally safe and incredibly talented Ryan Lewis)!
Related: Kesha's Mom Retracts Claims About Dr. Luke!
While talking about the "hands down the hardest time" in her life, she shared:

pic.twitter.com/vvQE7XC8OQ
— kesha (@KeshaRose) July 5, 2017
In fact, thanks to the Lenny Letter, we know Kesha's next album is out August 11 and is titled Rainbow. Woo hoo!
Anywho, take a listen to Praying (below) and let us know what U think! 

This return to music is a MAJOR accomplishment for the blonde pop starlet as she's been embroiled in a pretty public feud with her music producer, Dr. Luke. In case you forgot, the Die Young artist took the songwriter (whose real name is Lukasz Gottwald) to court after accusing him of physically and mentally abusing her.
On making music following her contentious legal battle with Luke, the A-lister dished to Lena Dunham's Lenny Letter:
"I have channeled my feelings of severe hopelessness and depression, I've overcome obstacles, and I have found strength in myself even when it felt out of reach. I've found what I had thought was an unobtainable place of peace. This song is about coming to feel empathy for someone else even if they hurt you or scare you. It's a song about learning to be proud of the person you are even during low moments when you feel alone. It's also about hoping everyone, even someone who hurt you, can heal."
Well said. She continued:
"This song is about me finding peace in the fact that I can't control everything — because trying to control everyone was killing me. It's about learning to let go and realize that the universe is in control of my fate, not me."
As you surely know, the 30-year-old has faced several losses in her war against Gottwald. In regards to the depression she's battle these last few years, Kesha explained:
"There were so many days, months even, when I didn't want to get out of bed. I spent all day wanting to go to sleep, and then when I did fall asleep, I had horrible night terrors where I would physically cry and scream through the dark. I was never at peace, night or day. But I dragged myself out of bed and took my emotions to the studio and made art out of them. And I have never been happier with a body of work as I am with this record."
While we're saddened to hear that Kesha's been through such a hard time, we're glad to see that she's coming out of this drama on top. Of course, the hitmaker knows she wouldn't be here if it weren't for her fans as she concluded:
"This album is me. The most raw and real art I have ever created, and now it's my gift to you. I hope you love it. Thank you for not giving up on me. We made it <3. I love you all so much."
Welcome back, girl!
[Image via Ivan Nikolov/WENN.]
/n