Bobby Brown Thinks Nick Gordon Killed Bobbi Kristina Brown/n





                    Bobby Brown Gives Heartbreaking First Interview Since Losing Bobbi Kristina
                







Bobby Brown continues to mourn his daughter. 

 MORE >>










                    Bobbi Kristina Brown Deathbed Photo Sold
                







The National Enquirer has stooped to a new low, which for them is truly low...

 MORE >>





The hostility between Bobby Brown and his late daughter’s boyfriend, Nick Gordon, continues.

In a new statement released by Bobby’s lawyer Christopher Brown (of no relations to the Brown family), the singer and his team express that they believe Gordon is to blame for the death of Bobbi Kristina Brown.
“In regards to the civil litigation, we believe we know who harmed Bobbi Kristina Brown and his name is Nick Gordon,” the attorney tells Us Weekly. “Mr. Gordon made headlines when he filed his Motion to Dismiss the lawsuit pending in Superior Court that seeks to hold him responsible for 40 Million Dollars in damages. However, the Motion was frivolous and instead of having it heard by the Court, he has chosen to withdraw the Motion, ending that matter so that he could avoid having to give his deposition which was scheduled for the day he withdrew the Motion. Mr. Gordon will now have to give his deposition under oath.”
“I am not shocked at the withdrawal, as we must keep in mind that Gordon filed a lawsuit to remove Bobby Brown as Bobbi Kristina’s guardian, only to withdraw that lawsuit in DeKalb County Probate Court once he was served with a deposition notice,” the statement reads. “He could have pressed forward with that lawsuit and told us under oath what he believed happened to Bobbi Kristina, but he chose to go in another direction.”
Bobby added, “I look forward to having the Court hear the evidence in the civil lawsuit and hopefully the criminal action very soon.”


Family and Friends Mourn Bobbi Kristina Brown








































41 Photos »


Bobbi Kristina, the only daughter of Bobby and the late Whitney Houston, was discovered unresponsive in her bathtub at her Roswell, Ga. home on Jan. 31. She passed away July 26 at Peachtree Christian Hospice in Georgia after being put in a medically induced coma. She was 22.
This summer, Bobbi Kristina’s conservator Bedelia Hargrove filed a multi-million lawsuit claiming that Gordon gave Bobbi Kristina a toxic cocktail and accused him of wrongful death. Hargrove also accused Gordon of abusing Bobbi Kristina before her death and transferring funds from his girlfriend’s bank account without authorization.
Gordon was banned from attending Bobbi Kristina’s funeral. However, he was photographed visiting her grave later on — though reports claimed he was paid $40,000 to visit and pose by his girlfriend’s tombstone.

/n