Back To Business: Tom Cruise Shoots Oblivion In California/n
Tom Cruise was snapped in Lake June in California’s Sierra Nevada mountains Wednesday shooting his upcoming film, Oblivion, and RadarOnline.com has the pics.
The actor, who recently turned 50, wore a plaid shirt and jeans, maintaining his professional focus less than two weeks after estranged wife Katie Holmes blindsided him by filing papers to end their five-year marriage on June 28. At the time, Cruise was in Iceland working on Oblivion; he reportedly received a phone call from Holmes — informing him of her intent to divorce him — while he was shooting a stunt scene.
PHOTOS: Tom Cruise Films Oblivion In Lake June
As we previously reported, Tom and Katie said in a joint statement Monday that they’re “committed to working together as parents to accomplishing what is in our daughter Suri‘s best interests.
“We want to keep matters affecting our family private and express our respect for each other’s commitment to each of our respective beliefs and support each other’s roles as parents,” they said.
In their agreement, the Rock of Ages star granted Katie sole custody of 6-year-old Suri — a move which ex-Scientology auditor Marty Rathbun characterized as the actor choosing “his religion over his daughter.”
Rathbun, an ex-high-ranking Scientologist, said church head David Miscavige likely put pressure on Tom “to settle the divorce quickly.”
PHOTOS: Hollywood Stars Who Are Scientologists 
Tom has a history of quick and efficient splits, finalizing things in his divorce with Mimi Rogers in less than 45 days, while his divorce from Nicole Kidman was done in less than six months.
All three of his wives were 33-years-old when their marriages ended with Cruise.
Oblivion, also starring Morgan Freeman, Olga Kurylenko and Dane Cook, hits theaters next year.
RELATED STORIES: 
Tom Cruise Going To Court To Seek Temporary Visitation Of Daughter Suri
Tom Cruise And Suri Talking By Phone Every Day
Katie Holmes Divorce Lawyer & His Firm Called ‘Ruthless, Nasty, Tough’ – Who Is Allan Mayefsky?
Katie Holmes Smiles, Gets Ice Cream With Suri While Tom Cruise Turns 50 Without Them /n