Nicole Kidman & Keith Urban Celebrate 11th Anniversary Amid Marriage Problems/n
Keith Urban and Nicole Kidman celebrated 11 years of marriage together on Sunday with a series of selfies posted to Instagram.
“Happy Anniversary Babygirl,” Urban, 49, captioned the photos. “Eleven years and you still feel like my girlfriend!!!”
The couple tied the knot in Sydney, Australia, in 2006. They share two daughters, Sunday Rose, 8, and Faith Margaret, 6, together.
PHOTOS: About Face! Experts Claim Nicole Kidman’s Undergone Secret 24-Hour Surgeries





 Happy Anniversary Babygirl Eleven years and you still feel like my girlfriend!!! – KU
A post shared by Keith Urban (@keithurban) on Jun 25, 2017 at 7:55am PDT



But as Radar recently reported, there have been plenty of roadblocks for the pair in the last several months — which almost put their marriage to a bitter end!
According to sources, 50-year-old Kidman “desperately wants to try for one more” child. “But she’s been moaning that it’s not going to happen while Keith was on back-to-back tours.”
“Now he has worked out a gap in his schedule, Nicole’s taking him to appointments with all sorts of fertility experts, surrogacy agencies — not to mention trying for a miracle and attempting to conceive naturally,” an insider claimed this spring.
PHOTOS: Nicole Kidman & Keith Urban Hit The Beach Amid Rumored Marriage Trouble
Meanwhile, the Big Little Lies star has been vocal about wanting one more children.
“I still have the faintest hope that something may happen to me this year,” Kidman said of her desire to add to their family. “My grandmother gave birth to my mother at 49. I would be happy beyond happy and just welcome it with open arms.”
But other sources say the angry Aussie’s explosive temper has gotten so bad in recent weeks that her husband had a “rage room” installed in their Nashville, Tenn., home — and sources said the new addition has helped save their troubled marriage.
Do you think Nicole and Keith will make it to a 12th wedding anniversary? Let us know in the comments below!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n