Kate Winslet’s Jilted Ex Slams Their Breakup, She Didn’t Treat Me Well /n
By Alexis Tereszcuk – Radar Senior Reporter
Kate Winslet is a heartbreaker!
The gorgeous Oscar winner has been playing the field since splitting with her husband Sam Mendes, and she’s apparently breaking hearts along the way.
PHOTOS: The Hottest Divorcees in Bikinis
According to her recent ex, model Louis Dowler, he was stunned when she dumped him, and still can’t get over the loss.
“I don’t think Kate behaved well and it is still very raw for me,” Dowler told the Daily Mail about his breakup with the 35-year-old actress.
PHOTOS: Celebs Who’ve Broken Up In 2010
“I was in love with her and you can’t switch that off over night,” he said.  
Dowler shared that the two went on what should have been a romantic trip to Sir Richard Branson’s luxurious Necker Island, but after leaving the vacation Kate promptly ended the relationship.
PHOTOS: Hollywood’s Most Married Stars
“I’m not sure Kate treated me well,” Dowler said.  
He rehashed the relationship, detailing the intimate events they shared.  “Kate came home with me to Cornwall and we just hung out together.  She met my parents and family.”
PHOTOS: Hollywood’s  Dirtiest Divorces
Going on to claim: “I don’t want to go into details but it wasn’t a straightforward break-up. I’m a laid-back guy, so I am not walking around with a long face — but I do still hold a torch for her.”
Meanwhile, Kate has rebounded with Branson’s nephew, Abel Smith, who split with his wife Eliza Pearson, after just 20 months of marriage.
PHOTOS: The Costliest Celebrity Divorces
Smith, who changed his name to Ned RocknRoll several years ago, works for the space-travel branch of the Virgin empire. 
Winslet divorced Mendes in March 2010, she was previously married to Jim Threapleton from 1998 – 2001.
RELATED STORIES:
Jennifer Lopez & Marc Anthony Negotiating Settlement Before Officially Filing For Divorce
Terrence Howard’s Ex-Wife Gets Restraining Order, He Denies Threatening To Kill Her
Kris Humphries: I Want My Prenup With Kim Dismissed
Kris Humphries Fights Back With Annulment Papers: See The Docs /n