Amber Heard and Elon Musk Make Their Relationship Instagram Official/n





                    Elon Musk Requested to Meet Amber Heard by Email Years Ago 
                







"If there is a party or event with Amber, I’d be interested in meeting her just out of curiosity."

 MORE >>





After months of speculations, Amber Heard is finally ready to go public with boyfriend Elon Musk.

The Danish Girl star and the billionaire made things Instagram official on Sunday when they each shared photos of a cozy dinner together at Moo Moo on the Gold Coast of Australia. In the pictures, the two certainly weren’t shy about PDA as Musk was snapped with Heard’s lipstick print on his face.
“Cheeky,” the actress captioned a shot of her with her arm resting on her beau’s shoulder.



A post shared by Amber Heard (@amberheard) on Apr 23, 2017 at 5:11pm PDT



Alongside a similar shot shared on Musk’s Instagram, the Space X founder added that they were dining with Australian filmmaker James Wan and Rob Cowan, who is executive producing Heard’s new movie, Aquaman. “Having moo moo at Moo Moo Gold Coast with @AmberHeard, @CreepyPuppet and @CowanFilms,” he wrote.



A post shared by Elon Musk (@elonmusk) on Apr 23, 2017 at 4:42pm PDT



Heard, 31, and Musk, 45, were also spotted walking arm-in-arm during a zipping excursion at the Currumbin Wildlife Sanctuary that weekend.
Romance rumors between the couple started swirling last summer when leaked emails showed the Tesla tycoon had emailed several mutual friends and asked to be set up with the actress. Heard was first spied hanging out with Musk last summer following her highly publicized divorce with Johnny Depp. This February, the two showed up at a special screening of Al Gore’s An Inconvenient Sequel: Truth to Power in Palo Alto, Calif.
“They continue to see each other and hang out from time to time when they are in the same city. It is nothing new,” an insider told Us Weekly of the budding romance at the time. “They hang out and casually see each other whenever time permits.”
Last October, Musk settled his second divorce with actress Talulah Riley, who he remarried July 2013 after legally separating in the prior year. The entrepreneur was also previously married to author Justine Musk from 2000 to 2008.


12 Things You Didn't Know About Amber Heard








































12 Photos »


/n