Tattoo Torture: When Love Gets Erased/nLove hurts so so bad! Celebs who make the tragic mistake of having their beloved's name permanently affixed their celebrated bodies ... are finding it's no party when the love is gone -- and the name is not!Angelina Jolie, Billy-Bob's blood-wearer turned Mother Theresa, had Billy's name tattooed on her upper left arm. When that freak show ended, she had his name removed -- and replaced with the birthplace names of her children. Adapt a tat!Paris Hilton and boy band boyfriend Nick Carter went the tattoo route too. Hilty's tat of her flavor-of-the-week was affixed to her flat rump. Nick wasn't as discreet -- inking  "Paris " on his left wrist. Shockingly, it didn't last. Paris had her ass wiped, and Nick fixed his with a cross and the words  "Old Habits Die Hard. " Uber crackers Roseanne and Tom Arnold made an a very public display of their love -- and unfortunately, a private one too. Tom had Roseanne's portrait affixed to his chest and  "Rosey " put on his large behind. Roseanne had  "Property of Tom Arnold " affixed to her full and ample thigh. When their trailer park romance was struck by a divorce tornado, Tom had to endure the pain -- of having her face plucked from his chest. Roseanne reportedly had hers removed as well.Blond bombshell Pam Anderson had rocker hubby Tommy's Lee's name tattooed on her ring finger. Brilliant. When that relationship went, er, bust, Pammy changed  "Tommy " to  "Mommy. " See, she's brilliant!Johnny Depp's heart was stolen by Winona Rider. He had  "Winona Forever " inked on his arm. It wasn't. After Johnny told her to walk the plank, he had it changed to  "Wino Forever, " and then morphed into  "Betty Sue " his mom's name. Weird!?Carmen Electra and Dave Navarro, whose wedding was featured on the MTV celebreality show,  "Till Death Do Us Part, " didn't die before parting, but their wedding date was embedded on his chest and her wrist. Dave has said he won't have his removed because it's part of who he is.  Related Galleries      Celebs Get Ink/n