Kendall Jenner’s Two-Minute Makeup Routine Leads Today’s Star Sightings/n





                    Kendall Jenner's Favorite Beauty Products 
                







Even supermodels shop at the drugstore. 

 MORE >>










                    Find Out Kendall Jenner's DIY Beauty Tip for Acne-Free Skin
                







No zits here!

 MORE >>





While her sisters takes hours to get ready, Kendall Jenner’s beauty regimen is all about saving time.

The busy AF model recently broke down her blink-and-you’ll-miss makeup routine for Vogue. Going bare-faced for the camera, the 21-year-old walked fans through her super simple — and totally quick and easy — way of beating her face.
“I’ve done my makeup in cars, in porta-potties — I’m not kidding,” she revealed.
Though Kim Kardashian is known for using over $1,200 worth of products on her famous face, Kendall swears by just six things: foundation, concealer, bronzer, brow pencil, mascara, lipstick, and gloss. The Keeping Up with the Kardashians star first applies a thin layer of Estée Lauder Double Wear Nude Foundation all over her face with a brush, before covering up blemishes with the brand’s Double Wear Stay-in-Place Flawless Wear Concealer.
For her brows, she only fills them in using Estée Lauder’s Brow Multi-Tasker and brushes them up with a spoolie. “When I was, like, 14, having thin eyebrows was the cool thing, so I literally plucked them all off,” she explains. “My sisters yelled at me and threw out all the tweezers in the house. I’ve never touched them myself ever since.”


kendall jenner and more star sightings of the day








































12 Photos »


Then comes her favorite part of her morning routine: Bronzer. Her trick is to pinch the bristles of her brush for a more concentrated coverage when applying powder. She also gives the product a double-duty use by using it on her lids as shadow.
For mascara, she says, “I don’t do a ton and I’ll do it mainly at the root.”
To cap off her look, Kendall finishes her pout with a light layer of lipstick and gloss. If she doesn’t have her makeup essentials with on hand, she’ll use a lip balm or — if worse comes to worse — “grilled cheese oil.” (Sorry, no Kylie Jenner lip kits here!)
“I don’t fully put lipstick on,” she says. “I take it and then dab it just to enhance my own color.”
Watch her full makeup tutorial — below!





/n