Daniel Day Lewis Picks Family Over Movies/n
Three times Oscar winner Daniel Day-Lewis quit acting because he wants to spend more time with his family.
The 60-year-old British star sent shockwaves around Hollywood after he announced last month that he was no longer considering roles after 40 years in the business.
A source told RadarOnline.com: “I think he got to the stage of his life where he wanted to spend more time with his wife and their sons.
PHOTOS: Forgive & Forget? Kendra Wilkinson & Hank Baskett Enjoy Family Outing Despite Cheating Scandal Resentment
“It used to be difficult for him to be away from them because he would get so immersed in his roles and that is no longer a priority in his life.
“He was never into acting for the fame or the money, it was always about the roles, script and process for him.
“The man was a unique talent that we will not see again.’
PHOTOS: Jamie Lynn Spears’ Family Spotted Outside Of Hospital Before Maddie’s Release
The Lincoln star is happily married to fellow actress Rebecca Miller, 54, since 1996. The couple share two sons – Ronan Cal Day-Lewis, 19, and Cashel Blake Day-Lewis, 15, plus a step-son Gabriel Kane-Lewis, 22.
The notoriously private star has remained tight lipped about his decision.
Representative Leslee Dart said in a statement: “Daniel Day-Lewis will no longer be working as an actor.
“He is immensely grateful to all of his collaborators and audiences over the many years.
PHOTOS: Childhood Heartbreak! Angelina Jolie’s Secret Family Tragedy Revealed — 12 Never-Before-Seen Family Photos
“This is a private decision and neither he nor his representatives will make any further comment on this subject.”
Day Lewis bagged three Oscars in his career. For playing wheelchair-bound, Christy Brown, in My Left Foot (1990), oil man, Daniel Plainview, in There Will Be Blood (2008) and for his portrayal of the former US president in Steven Spielberg’s, Lincoln (2013).
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n