Charlie Sheen and Brooke -- Our New Family Photo/nIt's the photo NO ONE ever thought would be taken ... Charlie Sheen and his ex-wife Brooke Mueller TOGETHER with their kids this weekend ... smiling, like one big happy family. The meeting took place at Charlie's Hollywood Hills mansion Sunday -- while Brooke was on a break from her new rehab program. TMZ spoke with Charlie ... who told us the twins, Bob and Max, had a great time -- playing around and scarfing down handfuls of candy while BOTH of their parents watched. Charlie says,  "Harmony is our goal. Sunday was a wonderful start. "Charlie and Brooke are working hard to mend their relationship so they can co-parent their kids.  We're also told ... when Brooke completes her treatment, Charlie wants to move her to a home in his neighborhood, so they can spend more time together ... as a family.Brooke Mueller is getting the same rehab treatments Charlie recently went through himself ... and he's picking up the tab. Sources close to Sheen told TMZ he didn't like the idea of Brooke going down to Mexico for rehab, saying he felt the treatment there was dangerous and he felt she might die. As we first reported, the treatment involved prescribing a drug that's not legal in the United States.We're told Charlie actually flew down to Mexico in a private jet, picked her up, and brought her back to the States. Brooke was only south of the border for 12 hours before Charlie scooped her up.Then, according to our sources, Charlie decided to bring back his own team of doctors -- the ones he used a few months back when the  "Two and a Half Men " people wanted him to get treatment. We're told he's now set Brooke up at an undisclosed location and is paying for the whole thing. Looks like Brooke will soon be winning at rehab herself.   SUMMER TREND SHOWDOWN WHO DID IT BETTER? From super-short hair to big beach hats, we want to know who you think rocked these summer trends better!Click the gallery above to vote for your favorite  "Jersey Shore " beach body, sweetest shades, most stylish pregnant star and much much more!   RIHANNA'S HALF-NAKED BODY HEADDRESSED TO KILL Rihanna ruffled some feathers this morning in her home country of Barbados -- donning a fancy red headdress, and stripping down to a tiny bikini and stockings ... all for the local harvest festival parade!It's called Kadooment Day -- which, historically, had its early beginnings in the 17th century on the sugar cane plantations and HOLY MOTHER LOOK AT RIHANNA'S BUTT.   'JERSEY SHORE'  HOUSE IN FLORENCE SNEAK PEEK! The  "Jersey Shore " cast jetted to Florence, Italy for the fourth season -- and now we're getting the first look inside their incredible Italian pad!Equipped with a tile bathroom, outdoor patio, indoor jacuzzi, an ornate foyer and a  "smush room, " the place looks almost too nice for The Situation, Pauly D, Snooki, Jwoww, Deena, Ronnie and Sammi.One thing we're still in the dark about: Does it come with a duck phone?   CASEY ANTHONY'S PARENTS TROPICAL VACATION ...  WHAT'S THE PORPOISE?? Just 4 days after Casey Anthony was released from jail ... her parents were kickin' it in the Bahamas ... and went swimming with dolphins -- and for once, there's hard evidence to back up the story. George and Cindy Anthony went swimming at Dolphin Cay at the Atlantis resort on July 21 ... and spent all sorts of quality time smiling and making kissy faces with a dolphin named Hercules.As for Casey ... we're told she was not part of the tropical vacation -- but as TMZ first reported, she did enjoy a Corona minutes after she was released from the pokey. Life after a murder trial sure is relaxing.    WHO'S WHO? STARS AND THEIR STUNT DOUBLES  We're seeing double!What's better than one hot star on set? A hot star and their exact duplicate!When it comes time to film a risky scene on a movie of TV set, it's time to call in a stunt double -- and a lot of them bear a freakish resemblance to the person they're doubling.Kate Becksinsale, The Rock and even Wonder Woman have doubles -- check 'em out!   ANNA NICOLE SMITH L.A. MANSION FOR SALE The L.A. home where Anna Nicole Smith shot her wacky reality show is officially on the market ... and it can be yours for a cool $1.75 mil. TMZ has learned ... the people in charge of Anna's estate put the home up for sale on Sunday -- and we're told the money made from the sale of the house will go back into Anna's estate. The 4,700 square foot home -- located up in the hills in Studio City, CA -- boasts 5 bedrooms, 5.5 bathrooms, a fitness center, HUGE chandeliers, a giant master bedroom and some pretty sick views.   CELEBRITY SQUARES GUESS WHO! Can you piece the celebrity parts together to guess which stars are behind the squares?   GUESS WHO THIS LITTLE  GUY TURNED INTO! Before he was a huge Hollywood movie mogul -- he was just another bouncing baby growing up in Cincinnati, Ohio. Can you guess who it is?/n