Police Called to Richard Simmons’ Home Following Four-Day Hospitalization/n





                    Richard Simmons Hospitalized for 'Severe Indigestion'
                







Feel better, Richard!

 MORE >>










                    Cops Say Richard Simmons, Not His Maid, Runs His Life
                







Richard Simmons is A-OK -- not depressed, impaired or being held hostage by his maid.

 MORE >>





Richard Simmons is back home safe thanks to the Los Angeles Police Department.

The reclusive fitness star created quite a frenzy amongst the paparazzi when he returned to his California home Thursday (Apr. 20, 2017) after a four-day stint at the hospital, prompting authorities to be called to the scene. According to TMZ, Simmons’ housekeeper phoned the police and claimed she was hiding out in the garage with Simmons after they were hounded by photographers awaiting outside. The duo eventually had to be escorted to the front door by several policemen as Simmons covered himself with a blanket to avoid having his picture taken.
As previously reported, the 68-year-old was hospitalized earlier this week for gastrointestinal issues. Simmons’ manager, Michael Catalano, later released a statement explaining his client was suffering from “severe indigestion.”
“Richard Simmons was hospitalized on Monday at an undisclosed location in California,” the statement read.  “After a few days of battling severe indigestion and discomfort while eating, we agreed it was best for him to seek treatment.”
Catalan added, “He’s already feeling better and is expected to make a full recovery.”


Khloé Kardashian Works Out With Richard Simmons








































9 Photos »


Amid his recovery, Simmons addressed his fans for the first time in three years, saying in a message, “You will never know how much it means to me. Aren’t you sick of hearing and reading about me?! LOL. Well by now you know that I’m not ‘missing,’ just a little under the weather. I’m sure I will be feeling good and back home in a couple of days.”
“This has reminded me that when you need help you can’t be afraid to reach out and ask for it,” he said. “I’m sure there are people in your life who love and care for you and would do anything to help you with the challenges you face. Just knowing you care has already made me feel better. Hope to see you again soon!”
Simmons’ hospitalization followed rumors that he was being held hostage in his own home and transitioning into a woman — both of which he’s since denied.
/n