Tuesday Ten: Gift Guide for the Fashionista/n
I know you’re already in the midst of making your list and checking it twice, but before you get too settled on all the gifts you want to buy for the wonderful people in your life, you might want to check this out first…
Everyone has a fashion-forward, already-has-all-the-trendiest-things-in-the-world type of person in their life, and you know you always settle for a gift card for that person because you simply can’t handle getting something else they’re just going to have to return in the end… So let me help you change things up this year!

 

American Music AWards: Best and worst dressed








































10 Photos »



For the fashionistas in your life, there are two types of gifts they’ll always love: something unique or something that will become a staple in their closet.  But what’s better than that?  Something that combines BOTH!
So I did some digging and came up with a few of those items I think even the trendiest ladies in your life will LOVE… Enjoy!

1. Faux Fur Coat With Ears.  Don’t just gift a boring, faux fur coat you can find at Forever 21… Get one that will make this fashionista stand out!  Cara Delevingne has been rocking a similar SpiritHoods faux fur coat with its adorable ear embellishments, and it makes for the perfect ensemble for the winter months.
2.  Killer Boots.  Can you even with these Volcom boots?  First of all, leopard has become the new neutral and low-cut booties are all the rage this year–so why not combine the two for the perfect pair of shoes any fashionable lady would DIE to have?!
3. New Years’ Eve Outfit.  Instead of looking for a plain ol’ shirt or pair of jeans for a gift, think ahead and find and outfit your trendy friend can wear on New Years Eve!   I’m utterly obsessed with this matching Saylor sparkling tank and skirt.
4. Stunner Shades.  Every girl needs a killer pair of sunnies she can wear all year long.  These Warby Parker tortoise shell sunglasses in sea smoke are different than your every day pair of aviators, yet still classic enough to wear whenever, wherever.
5. Leather Skirt.  It’s hard to shop for specific items of clothing because of sizing, shape, etc. but if you really want to give something your fashionable friend will love, this leather skirt by Tart is pretty easy to figure out sizing-wise.  Not to mention, it will become a unique, every day staple for your girl’s wardrobe.
6. Conversational Clutch.  Every woman needs a good, go-to clutch for nights out on the town, and typically black is the way to go… But why not spice it up a little by adding a statement?  This Donatienne clutch is hilariously adorable and will be an accessory your 20-something friend might actually NEED in her closet.  (I mean, how true is that saying?!)
7. Sexy Black Pumps.  Taylor Swift showed off her extra-long legs in the Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show, and although she does have naturally beautiful stems, her sky-high black pumps totally helped her out.  Give your friend a gift of T. Swift-like gams on Christmas with this pair of Chinese Laundry pumps that are not only super sexy, but super comfortable, too!  I promise, she’ll wear them over and over and over again.
8. Classic Statement Necklace.  Statement necklaces have been all the rage this year, but sometimes a statement necklace doesn’t necessarily need to colorful and gaudy.  This Eklexic chain necklace is the perfect touch of glam for every day use, yet can also be worn to dress up a look, too!
9. Sexy Pajamas.  Not only does a fashionista need to rock it on the streets, she’s also got to look hot in her SHEETS!  That’s why this Sapphire Bliss baby doll romper is the perfect addition to her bedtime wardrobe.  Not only will she wear it all the time, she’ll continually thank you for assisting in stepping up her pajama game.
10. A Pop-of-Color Beanie.  Every girl knows that way around dirty hair is to throw on a hat.  Beanies are the perfect way to do that during the cooler months, but sometimes beanies aren’t the cutest accessory to add to a wardrobe.  However, thanks to Neff, our hat game is on a whole new level.  Give your trendy friend a bright new beanie this holiday season to hide her hair, keep her warm and add an adorable touch to her winter wardrobe!
What do you think?  What are some of the gifts you’ve been buying for the fashionistas in your life?

/n