Abby Lee Miller Cleans Up House Of Horrors Weeks Before Reporting To Prison/n
Abby Lee Miller has cleaned up her act – and her home! After the former Dance Moms star was hit with a code violation for leaving her Florida house of horrors in unsanitary conditions, RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal that the case against her has been closed.
In photos obtained from Polk County Code Enforcement Office, the pool in the backyard of Miller’s Davenport, Florida home turned dark green and was filled with leaves.
“The house appears to be vacant,” the May 5 complaint read. “There is no overgrowth at this time. However, I am unable to access the rear yard due to privacy fence.”
Frederick Beyer, a member of the Homeowner’s Association Board, exclusively told Radar, “One of the board members went over there to get the pool running because it was infested with mosquitoes. He had to clean, filter and shock the pool heavily.”
PHOTOS: Partying Before Prison! Abby Lee Miller Lets Loose Ahead Of Fraud Sentencing
He claimed that Miller has not visited the home for a year-and-a-half.
“The neighbor next door to her had to have an exterminator because of rats and mice in their home,” Beyer said.
Miller had until May 26 to resolve the issue or else she would be forced back in court.
“The owner called on May 15 to state that the property is in compliance and wanted a reinvestigation,” a spokesperson for Polk County Code Enforcement told Radar. “The pool no longer has stagnant water and the case was closed on May 17.”
PHOTOS: Prosecutor Rips Into ‘Dance Moms’ Star Abby Lee Miller During First Hearing
In a new photo exclusively obtained by Radar, Miller’s pool appears to be crystal clear.
This isn’t the only mess Miller, 50, has cleaned up. In papers obtained from the U.S. District Court for Western District of Pennsylvania, Miller satisfied the judgment of $120,000 as part of her fraud case sentencing by paying the full balance on May 16, 2017.
Miller was sentenced to one year and one day in prison. The incarceration will be followed by two years of supervised release.
In June 2016, Miller pled guilty to not reporting an international monetary transaction and one count of concealing bankruptcy assets.
Are you surprised her pool issue has been resolved? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n