Tennis Designer Ted Tinling Put the Panties on Gussie and the Glitter on Billie Jean/n
For years “white is right” was the rule on the tennis court, but no more. With the emergence of tennis as big box office, the pros have taken on a bit of the costume color, even the glitter, of rock stars. Plumage is in, and so is the man who set off the trend.
He is a tart-tongued, 65-year-old English tennis wear designer named Ted (“Don’t say Teddy”) Tinling, who first liberated tennis when he sent “Gorgeous” Gussie Moran onto the mumsey courts of Wimbledon in 1949 in revolutionary lace-trimmed panties. The uproar almost turned the grass brown, and the transition to the splashy outfits of today has been far too slow to satisfy Tinling. “Tennis is show business,” he insists, “and my concept is to identify the players for the audience—to bring out their personalities. It is a spotlight situation.”
A former colonel in British Intelligence and a jaunty bachelor who covers his stringy 6’5″ frame with custom-made suits, Tinling has designed clothes for almost every major woman tennis player. He also whips up exclusive and expensive togs for such glamorous hackers as the Empress of Iran, Princess Michiko of Japan and Mrs. Lamar Hunt of Dallas. Regarding his clients with the possessiveness of a sultan (“they are my madams”), Tinling is unforgiving toward those who leave him.
Evonne Goolagong defected after he designed for her for three years. “I spent a great deal of time building up her image as a sprite. Then she threw it away with those orphanage clothes and that poor, waif-like Orphan Annie look.” As for Chrissie Evert, whose Wimbledon clothes are made by a competitor, Tinling sniffs, “Her designer has copied my stuff. It’s lavender—like my Virginia Slims lilac.”
The official designer for the Virginia Slims Circuit since 1971, Tinling’s flamboyant style seems more compatible with America; in fact, he is moving to Philadelphia this fall. His greatest creation is the Billie Jean King look. He designed the famous spangle-top outfit she wore the night she destroyed Bobby Riggs. “She always makes it fun—a right rave-up.” Among his other star customers are the Russian Olga Morozova (“A sweet, sincere person—she’s even allowed out by herself”), Virginia Wade (“She struts around like a victorious tigress”) and Martina Navratilova, the 19-year-old Czech star whom he calls “the explosion.” For her Wimbledon appearance he designed a dress patriotically enlivened with Czechoslovakia’s colors—red and blue. Asks Tinling querulously, “Do you think Wimbledon is going to bitch about the color in this?”
Tinling credits his flamboyant approach to tennis clothes to Suzanne Lenglen, the French champ of the 1920s. She taught him the game (he went on later to win the Veterans Doubles in Wimbledon) and convinced him that tennis is like ballet—a dancing sport—and the clothes must accommodate movement. “We must solve the woman’s problems,” he believes, “yet remember how a man wants her to look. There is, after all, no show business without sex.”
/n