'Emotional' GG Gharachedgahi 'Still Cares' For Ex In Quickie Divorce/n
GG Gharachedaghi is struggling to get through her quickie divorce, RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal!
“She’s kind of having a tough time with it,” her Shahs of Sunset costar Shervin Roohparvar told Radar. “It comes in spurts. I guess that’s expected. She’s okay with it. She’s upset. She gets emotional sometimes but I’ve definitely been there to give a helping hand.”
“It’s unfortunate but there’s an old Farsi saying, ‘a fire that gets really hot really fast goes out really fast,’” he added. “So that’s how I see them and their relationship.”
PHOTOS:‘Shahs Of Sunset’ Star Golnesa ‘GG’ Gharachedaghi Bares Bikini Body After Breast Implants, Liposuction
“They met and the first two weeks they didn’t spend a day apart,” he explained. “They were together like 20 something hours of the day. There was this obsessiveness and it escalated really fast, really hard and then it died out.”
“There was a ton of emotion and it didn’t work out and now she has to go through this process,” he noted, adding that they didn’t have “a solid foundation.”
“I know she still cares for him and I know he still cares for her but there were some differences I guess,” he said.
PHOTOS: She Shoots, She Scores: ‘Shahs Of Sunset’ Star Golnesa ‘GG’ Gharachedaghi Strips Down For A Game Of Basketball
“I don’t want to be too opinioned on the situation because they could get back together and then I’m the a**hole,” he laughed. “So I prefer not to be that guy!”
Radar previously reported that Gharachedaghi, 35, filed for divorce from Shalom Yeroushalmi after just two months of marriage.
“During the past few weeks, certain facts have come to GG’s attention that have made her realize her marriage can no longer continue and, in fact, should have never happened,” her rep Steve Honig told Radar at the time.
PHOTOS:‘Shahs Of Sunset’ Star Jessica Pardido Caught Her Hubby Cheating
Their divorce has not been finalized yet.
Stay with Radar for more.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n