Ozzy and Sharon Osbourne Hug It Out During First Post-Split Public Appearance/n





                    Sharon Osbourne Confirms Ozzy Osbourne Split
                







Things are really over for Sharon and Ozzy Osbourne.

 MORE >>










                    Sharon Osbourne: I Caught Two Nannies in Bed with Ozzy
                







This conversation went off the rails (on a crazy train).

 MORE >>





Does this mean Ozzy and Sharon Osbourne are getting back together?

Just days after it was revealed that Sharon had kicked Ozzy out of the house for an alleged affair, the longtime couple appeared onstage together at the Hollywood Palladium to announce that Ozzfest, which was founded by Sharon as a way to get Black Sabbath onto the festival circuit, will merge with Knotfest for 2016.
After introducing Ozzy to the audience, Sharon was greeted with a hug and a kiss on the cheek from her estranged husband as the rest of the panel joined the duo. Following the announcement, which was also attended by their daughter Kelly Osbourne, Ozzy once again wrapped his arms around Sharon as they bid farewell to the crowd. However, it seemed Ozzy’s affections were not reciprocated.
“She’s everything for me,” Ozzy told Entertainment Tonight at the conference. “She’s great.”


Ozzy and Sharon Osbourne share a hug after breaking up








































6 Photos »


Over the weekend, news broke that Sharon and Ozzy had called it quits after 33 years of marriage over rumors that Ozzy had cheated with a hairstylist named Michelle Pugh. Sharon later confirmed that she had indeed sent her husband packing, but that Ozzy had recently moved back into their family home after she had found someplace else to stay.
“It’s right for me because I honestly at this point today have no idea what I’m doing with the rest of my life,” she said on her daytime talk show, The Talk. “I just need time to think. I’m 63 years of age, and I can’t keep living like this.”
“I love Ozzy dearly. He’s given me unbelievable life. He’s given me three gorgeous children. I love him,” she continued, adding that she doesn’t know if she’ll stay married to the rock singer. “I don’t know what I want … I’m not going to cry about anything, because there’s nothing to cry about.”


celebrity splits of 2016








































38 Photos »


/n