2016 BET Awards: Justin Timberlake Receives Backlash Over Tweet About Jesse Williams’ Powerful Speech on Racism/n





                    Jesse Williams Welcomes Second Child With Wife Aryn Drake-Lee
                







Congratulations are in order!

 MORE >>





Grey’s Anatomy actor Jesse Williams was awarded the Humanitarian Award at last night’s BET Awards and gave an incredibly poignant and speech on racism, human rights and police brutality. Justin Timberlake tweeted that he was “#Inspired”, which enraged Twitter so far as to accuse him of appropriating Black culture.

Now, Timberlake is apologizing.
Timberlake originally wrote,


@iJesseWilliams tho…#Inspired #BET2016
— Justin Timberlake (@jtimberlake) June 27, 2016

In addition to paying tribute to those killed by police or while in police custody (such as 12-year-old Tamir Rice, Eric Garner, Sandra Bland and more), the Black Lives Matter activist’s speech included a bit on the way that “whiteness” appropriates black culture:
We’re done watching and waiting while this invention called whiteness uses and abuses us, burying black people out of sight and out of mind while extracting our culture, our dollars, our entertainment like oil, black gold, ghettoizing and demeaning our creations, then stealing them, gentrifying our genius, then trying us on like costumes before discarding our bodies like rinds of strange fruit.
The thing is though, just because we’re magic doesn’t mean we’re not real.


2016 BET Awards: Red Carpet Arrivals	








































24 Photos »


Timberlake, who sings mainly R&B ever since he went solo from the pop band NSYNC in 2002, maybe shouldn’t have said anything. But since he did, Twitter went in on him:


So does this mean you're going to stop appropriating our music and culture? And apologize to Janet too. #BETAwards https://t.co/0FwBOQR24D
— Ernest Owens (@MrErnestOwens) June 27, 2016



Oh, you sweet soul. The more you realize that we are the same, the more we can have a conversation.
Bye. https://t.co/FeTmGLOKVc
— Justin Timberlake (@jtimberlake) June 27, 2016

Timberlake clarified his statement two hours later when Twitter noticed the flippant and condescending response that he gave to @MrErnestOwens, who brought up the time that the pop star brashly ripped off part of Janet Jackson’s costume and exposed her breast during their 2004 Super Bowl halftime show performance without accepting responsibility for it afterwards to add context to his criticism.
“I feel misunderstood,” Timberlake began.


I feel misunderstood. I responded to a specific tweet that wasn't meant to be a general response. I shouldn't have responded anyway…
— Justin Timberlake (@jtimberlake) June 27, 2016



I forget this forum sometimes… I was truly inspired by @iJesseWilliams speech because I really do feel that we are all one… A human race
— Justin Timberlake (@jtimberlake) June 27, 2016

Ultimately, he apologized “to anyone that felt [he] was out of turn.”


I apologize to anyone that felt I was out of turn. I have nothing but LOVE FOR YOU AND ALL OF US.
–JT
— Justin Timberlake (@jtimberlake) June 27, 2016

Watch Williams’ 4-minute acceptance speech below:



Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel at GLSEN Respect Awards in Los Angeles	








































7 Photos »


/n