2015 Emmy Awards: Inside the GBK Luxury Lounge/n





                    2015 Emmy Awards: After Party Roundup
                







There were four places to be after this year's Emmys...

 MORE >>





This past weekend, GBK hosted a Luxury Gift Lounge honoring the nominees and Presenters of the 2015 Emmy Awards at L’Ermitage Beverly Hills.

Stars such as Emmy winner Tony Hale, Alan Cumming, Khandi Alexander, Beau Bridges, Richard Cabral and cast members from Orange Is the New Black were some attendees at this weekend’s festivities.


GBK's 2015 Pre-EMMYS Luxury Lounge








































35 Photos »


As part of the gifting lounge, GBK included a number of notable charities, such as the American Friends of Magen David Adom, whose mission is to save lives in Israel and has an upcoming gala hosted by Jerry Seinfeld. The Muscular Dystrophy Association and The Stray Cat Alliance also made an appearance.
Celebrites were introduced to some amazing luxury and must-have gifts such as that from the presenting sponsor, LifeCell, a new anti-aging skincare treatment filled with green tea, cucumbers, all that fun stuff.


Worst Dressed at the Emmys 2015








































9 Photos »


There was also some trendy and fun fashion items in the lounge. World renowned luxurious and sporty watches by Oceanaut – Seapro – Christian Van Sant – Jivago, and MooshWalks by Olga Kay – socks with ears giving your feet personality as well as elemoon is the world’s first smart accessory that lets you change its light designs to match every outfit or occasion.
Beauty Kitchen by Heather Marianna offered the guests a wide range of 100% all-natural bath products, as well as showing off cute bathrobes. The Burke Williams Spa Group offered the stars some exclusive massages and well as samples of their skincare brand H2V.
Aesthetica Cosmetics, LLC gifted The Aesthetica Cosmetics Contour Kit, and Grande Naturals, gave attendees their Outrageous Designer Gift Box which includes 1 GrandeLASH-MD (3 month supply) and 1GrandeMASCARA.


2015 Emmy Awards: Red Carpet Arrivals Roundup








































124 Photos »


PlaqueHD, presented the first professional plaque- identifying toothpaste loved by dentists, patients and parents nationwide. Violent Iodine introduced guests to the once-daily, non-prescription pill to alleviate premenstrual breast discomfort and promote breast health.
Some of the other great gifts included unique luxury items like Belmond La Samanna, who gifted 3 Night Gift Certificates to their Resort on Baie Longue Beach in St. Martin with daily breakfast for 2. Plus, Caribbean Living offered an all-inclusive trip to the Caribbean at the celebrity’s choice of 3 resorts.
The Artisan Group® gifted celebrities and members of the press a lovely collection jewelry, spa and bath products and other handcrafted gifts.
Attendees did not go hungry as they munched on Award Winning Sandwiches for meat eaters, vegetarians, vegans, and gluten free diets from Ike’s Place.


2015 Emmy Awards: Best Celeb Instagram Photos








































41 Photos »


Cocktails were on hand as well! Venetia Vodka served up some delicious libations. Those who enjoy some vino, were not left out in the cold (or heat – it was a HOT day in Beverly Hills), The Jonata Winery offered guests a selection of delicious reds.
For a bit of fun Foto Spark showed off how to spice up your photo booths. Plus, who doesn’t love scooting around on a self-balancing scooter? Uwheels was on hand to show off the world’s first self-balancing scooter with dual gyros. Weighing only 24lbs, it comes with Bluetooth 4.0 and built-in speakers.
Launch the gallery to see all the celebrities attending the GBK 2015 Pre-Emmys Gifting Lounge.


The 2015 Emmy Show Moments








































44 Photos »


/n