Corinne Olympios Says She’s a Victim: “This Is My Worst Nightmare”/n





                    DeMario Jackson Doesn't Look Too Worried About the 'Bachelor in Paradise' Scandal
                







For someone who's in the middle of a sex scandal, DeMario Jackson sure looks relaxed...

 MORE >>










                    'Bachelor in Paradise' Star Corinne Olympios Didn't Consent to DeMario Jackson's Explicit Activities
                







Details on their sexual encounter.

 MORE >>





Corinne Olympios has broken her silence on the Bachelor in Paradise sex scandal.

After a field producer filed a complaint claiming the reality star was drunk and didn’t consent to co-star DeMario Jackson “rubbing, touching and fingering” her on set, Corinne has lawyered up and released a statement about the headline-making incident that halted production of the ABC show.
“I am a victim and have spent the last week trying to make sense of what happened on June 4,” she tells TMZ. “Although I have little memory of that night, something bad obviously took place, which I understand is why production on the show has now been suspended and a producer on the show has filed a complaint against the production.”
She continues, “As a woman, this is my worst nightmare and it has now become my reality. As I pursue the details and facts surrounding that night and the immediate days after, I have retained a group of professionals to ensure that what happened on June 4 comes to light and I can continue my life, including hiring an attorney to obtain justice and seeking therapy to begin dealing with the physical and emotional trauma stemming from that evening.”



A post shared by Corinne Olympios (@colympios) on Mar 16, 2017 at 3:19pm PDT



Corinne reportedly hired celebrity attorney Marty Singer to potentially launch a lawsuit.
As previously reported, Warner Bros. is internally investigating the matter after a producer alleged crew members allowed DeMario to get physical in Corinne knowing full well she was intoxicated and unable to provide proper consent. The explicit encounter was captured on film.
“There was hugging and kissing and touching, but before long, she seemed to go limp,” a source told the New York Post. “DeMario kept trying to hold her up and … he appeared to be having intercourse with her.”
“After he finished — which only lasted a few seconds — he lifted her out of the water and laid her on the cement, where he proceeded to have oral sex with her,” the insider added. “She appeared to be unconscious. At that point, some of the crew came out and carried her off to her room. She was limp and seemed unable to walk on her own.”



A post shared by Corinne Olympios (@colympios) on May 17, 2017 at 1:34pm PDT



/n