Where's Daddy? Tom Cruise Hasn't Been Publicly Seen With Suri In 48 Days/n
By Debbie Emery – Radar Reporter
She was once considered a spoiled Daddy’s girl who was happiest when she was in her father’s arms, but since her parents’ split Suri hasn’t been photographed in public with Tom Cruise in more than 48 days, RadarOnline.com is reporting.
The six-year-old is settling in well to life in the Big Apple with her mom, Katie Holmes, while her Mission Impossible dad has not been spotted with her since their high profile vacation to Disney World on August 2.
During the trip, Suri was lavished with attention by Cruise as they stayed at every little girl’s dream, the Cinderella Castle, and splashed around in the Typhoon Lagoon.
PHOTOS: Tom And Suri Cruise Make A Splash At Disney World Waterpark
However, when it comes to important milestones in Suri’s life such her first day at school on September 11, he was nowhere in sight as Katie dropped her off at posh private school, the Avenues, in Chelsea, New York.
Unlike her older siblings, Isabella and Connor Cruise, Suri is not being home schooled or attending a Scientology school but is now going to the private academy that just opened earlier this month. 
Rather than helping with homework and listening to his daughter’s daily adventures, the action star is away in London shooting his new sic-fi movie, All You Need Is Kill, in which he plays a raw recruit who gets killed in action but, in Groundhog Day fashion, is reborn each day to fight and die again and again.
PHOTOS: Hollywood Stars Who Are Scientologists 
The 50-year-old has been spotted looking thin and weathered while and about in England’s capital city, often hiding his tired eyes under signature shades as both the stress of his split from Katie and an intense work schedule are taking their toll. Before beginning his latest project, Cruise had been bouncing between Iceland, Louisiana and New York filming Oblivion, with with former Bond girl Olga Kurylenko.  
As a source close to the situation previously told RadarOnline.com, “Suri is used to her dad being away filming and not spending every single day with him. She loves the daddy daughter time they get together,” the insider explained. “She always spent time with him either on set or at home and even on vacation so she’s really adjusted well.”
However, now that Katie has primary custody of Suri following their divorce last June, the pair seem to be spending less and less time together and that could permanently damage their relationship.
 
RELATED STORIES:
Inside Suri Cruise’s Swanky New $40k A Year School: Uniforms, Weekly Mass & Latin Classes!
Bendy In The City! Suri Cruise Sparkles In Red Leotard At Gymnastics
Katie Holmes & Suri Cruise Not Hurt After Garbage Truck Hits Their Mercedes In NYCTom Cruise Video Chatting With Daughter Suri /n