Audrey Middleton Is Big Brother's First Transgender Contestant Audrey Middleton is making Big Brother history: The season 17 contestant is the first transgender contestant to appear on the CBS reality series, E! News has confirmed. &quo.../n
Audrey Middleton is making Big Brother history: The season 17 contestant is the first transgender contestant to appear on the CBS reality series, E! News has confirmed."Audrey Middleton is a Big Brother super fan who applied online, like many other hopeful Houseguests, and was open about her transition in the application process," a CBS spokesperson said in a statement. "It is customary for Big Brother Houseguests to share personal news inside the house, and Audrey plans to discuss her story with the Houseguests in her own words during the premiere episode on Wednesday, June 24."On her official Big Brother bio on CBS' homepage, Audrey, a 25-year-old media consultant from Villa Rica, Ga., says her "nerdy hobbies" include astrology, reading "philosophical content" and doing outdoorsy activities such as camping. She also fancies herself a foodie and "the Beyoncé of my life story." According to her bio, Audrey considers her mom and dad her best friends and has worked as a pizza delivery person and an MMA Ring Girl.

"I will not float," she said on CBS.com. "I will make bold moves and I will get blood on my hands. Heads will roll!" Audrey also compares herself to Dexter Morgan...the Showtime serial killer (hey, he only killed bad people) played by Michael C. Hall on Dexter.Big Brother has come under fire over the last few years after contestants were caught on camera making racist and homophobic comments. Contestants on previous seasons lost their jobs after the comments went public and CBS condoned the behavior.Audrey will be competing against 13 other people on the long-running reality show. Her competition includes a professional poker player, a dentist and a former WWE pro wrestler. Meet the rest of the cast below.Jace Agolli, a 23-year-old personal trainer currently residing in Venice Beach, Calif.Becky Burgess, a 26-year-old retail manager from Denver, Co.Clay Honeycutt, a 23-year-old graduate student at Texas A&MJames Huling, a 31-year-old retail associate currently living in Wichita Falls, TexasMeg Maley, a 25-year-old server currently living in New York CityAustin Matelson, a 30-year-old professional wrestler from Woodland Hills, Calif.John McGuire, a 27-year-old dentist living in Jefferson Township, Pa.Steven Moses, a 22-year-old college student from Gouverneur, New YorkLiz Nolan, a 23-year-old marketing coordinator from MiamiShelli Poole, a 33-year-old interior designer in AtlantaDa'Vonne Rogers, a 27-year-old poker dealer in Los AngelesVanessa Rousson, a 32-year-old professional poker player from Las VegasJason Roy, a 25-year-old supermarket cashier living in Swansea, Mass.Big Brother kicks off this summer June 24 at 8 p.m. on CBS.
/n