Cara Delevingne Clarifies Her Sexuality: 'I'm Not Gay'/n

You can always count on Cara Delevingne to live her truth — and we love her for that!
The 24-year-old supermodel was interviewed by her bestie Adwoa Aboah for the August issue of Glamour, during which she opened up about going back to her roots of acting and being sexually fluid.
Related: Cara's Mascara Ad Banned For Being Misleading
First, when chatting about her career as a model/actress, the Valerian star talked getting clean and sober: 

"I always say, modeling is something I do, whereas acting feels more like what [I am]. I have felt better than I felt in years, and that's purely from doing what I love. Especially because, while I've been doing this film [the upcoming Life in a Year], I've been sober. Being completely clean and clearheaded has been so helpful with getting into character."
Later in the conversation, Aboah asked the Suicide Squad star about publicly opening up about her sexual fluidity when she was 22 years old.
Cara said of her influence on younger fans who may be experiencing similar feelings:

"I know 13- and 15-year-old girls who are like, 'I don't know if I like a boy or a girl yet. I haven't decided.' And it's like—[imagine] if I was able to comprehend [that at their age]. I am very happy how sexuality has become easier and freer to talk about, especially for kids."
She went on to clarify that she does not consider herself "gay":

"Once I spoke about my sexual fluidity, people were like, 'So you're gay.' And I'm like, 'No, I'm not gay.'"
The starlet added:

"A lot of the friends I have who are straight have such an old way of thinking. It's 'So you're just gay, right?' [They] don't understand it. [If] I'm like, 'Oh, I really like this guy,' [they're like], 'But you're gay.' I'm like, 'No, you're so annoying!'…. Someone is in a relationship with a girl one minute, or a boy is in a relationship with a boy, I don't want them to be pigeonholed. Imagine if I got married to a man. Would people be like… 'She lied to us!'"
Keep the conversation going, bb!
You can catch the full interview HERE!
[Image via Glamour Magazine.]
/n