Amanda Bynes Tweets for the First Time in Six Months to Address Marriage, Pregnancy Rumors/n





                    Ricky Schroder Feels Bad for Amanda Bynes
                







Thanks for your input

 MORE >>





Amanda Bynes tweeted for the first time in six months on Tuesday (Feb. 14, 2017) to denounce some bogus rumors and call out a fake Twitter account that’s been tweeting on her behalf.

Bynes let her fans know that she is not the person moderating the Twitter handle @persianla27 even though the account has repeatedly said that its tweets are written by her.
“I am not @persianla27. I am not getting married and I am not pregnant. I don’t understand why twitter won’t take @persianla27 down,” Bynes wrote in a series of tweets. “I have asked repeatedly. This person continues to impersonate and harass me and twitter needs to take the account down.”


I repeat: I am not @persianla27. She got into my private instagram somehow and took all my photos and videos.
— amanda bynes (@amandabynes) February 15, 2017

The @persianla27 account retaliated in their own way by posting personal photos and a string of incohesive, defensive tweets.


My parents are the ones tweeting on @amandabynes, deleting this account, please pray for my freedom & chance 2 have control over my finances
— ashley banks (@PersianLa27) February 15, 2017

Later:


FYI My name is Ashley! Ashley Banks! I do not know Amanda nor do I care about her & I have stated this a dozen times. Please leave me alone!
— ashley banks (@PersianLa27) February 15, 2017



Amanda is an actress, a very bad and evil one at that. I am Ashley, a fashion designer extraordinaire!
— ashley banks (@PersianLa27) February 15, 2017



Amanda did that. Amanda is evil! Amanda is not my friend and I am scared of her and I'm tired of her controlling my thoughts! https://t.co/4cItKEmF8H
— ashley banks (@PersianLa27) February 15, 2017



You're the only one who can help me and my unborn baby @realDonaldTrump
— ashley banks (@PersianLa27) February 15, 2017



Amanda Bynes Steps Out for Holiday Party








































11 Photos »


The last time that Bynes tweeted was on Aug. 24, 2016, when she told her followers that she hadn’t been active on social media because she was “really busy at FIDM.”
“I am really loving school and I feel that I am learning a lot. I enjoy all of my classes and my teachers are excellent,” wrote Bynes.
Back in 2013, Bynes was accused of throwing a bong out of an apartment window in New York City and was arrested for a DUI in 2014. In October of that same year, Bynes was admitted to a treatment center in Pasadena involuntarily. She revealed on Twitter a week later that she was diagnosed as bipolar and manic depressive. “I’m on medication and I’m seeing my psychologist and psychiatrist weekly so I’m fine,” she wrote.
/n