Tarek El Moussa Lashes Out Against Rumors Surrounding His Divorce with Christina El Moussa/n





                    Tarek El Moussa Dated His Kids' Former Nanny
                







Inside the 'Flip or Flop' star's life after splitting with his wife. 

 MORE >>










                    Christina El Moussa's New Boyfriend Had Divorce Drama of His Own
                







What a mess.

 MORE >>





Flip or Flop’s Tarek El Moussa has some things to say about his tumultuous separation with wife Christina El Moussa.
The HGTV star took to Instagram on Wednesday (Jan 18, 2017) to address rumors surrounding his divorce after InTouch published quotes from “sources” who alleged he was verbally abusive to Christina. The so-called insider claimed Tarek “found humor in insulting his wife in repeated verbal attacks” and referred to her as a “whore” during their relationship.
“No matter the lies, innuendo, salacious gossip and ‘fake news’ that is thrown at me from irresponsible media outlets via anonymous sources, I will keep my focus on what matters most which is co-parenting our children and working hard on our business,” Tarek wrote in a note shared on his Instagram.



A photo posted by Tarek El Moussa (@therealtarekelmoussa) on Jan 18, 2017 at 11:35am PST



Tarek and Christina announced their split in December just months after police showed up at their Orange County home in response to a call about a “possibly suicidal male with a gun.” A helicopter and 11 officers were called to the scene when eyewitnesses reported seeing Christina running out of the house crying as Tarek left the property with a gun.
“Like many couples, we have had challenges in our marriage. We had an unfortunate misunderstanding about six months ago and the police were called to our house in an abundance of caution,” they later said in a statement. “There was no violence and no charges were filed.”
Tarek officially filed for divorce earlier this month, requesting that Christina front his legal fees and pay spousal support.
The estranged couple also confirmed they’ve started dating other people since parting ways. Christina’s current boyfriend, contractor Gary Anderson, was present during the reality stars’ heated confrontation in May.
Tarek and Christina are parents to daughter Taylor, 6, and son Brayden, 16 months.


Most Upsetting Celebrity BreakUps of 2016








































38 Photos »


/n