Lady GaGa Pays Tribute To Best Friend Sonja Durham Following Her Fatal Battle With Cancer/n

What a sad situation.
On Sunday, Lady GaGa confirmed that her longtime best friend, Sonja Durham, has passed away. As you may recall, it was revealed last year that the Haus of Gaga managing director was battling breast, brain, and lung cancer. And while Durham used to serve as the Million Reasons singer's assistant back in the day, GaGa has lost so much more than an employee as the twosome have known each other for more than a decade.
Related: Police Report Details The Timeline Of Chris Cornell's Death
As a way to pay tribute to Sonja, the A-lister took to Instagram and wrote alongside the photo (above): 

"I don't know how to put a price on a friendship. I'm not even sure how you can assess the size of its meaning, only really your heart truly knows and it's too special for words. I feel two competing feelings. Firstly, that I will live everyday with more passion, more determination, more compassion and more giving than ever before. Because that's who [Sonja] was, and it's what drew us to each other, and I know it's what she always wanted for me. She had this incredible way of releasing me from the anchor of my own sadness that held me back, she loved me fearlessly while I learned how to cope with fame and stay inspired no matter how scared I was. She knew all I cared about was the music. She made that ok."
What a beautiful sentiment. The pop star continued:

"The other feeling I have is that of being robbed of the last 10 years of my life, friendship and career with her. Like someone took her from us, and with that taking took all the good times. I know that's not true, and I know that I have those memories forever, I'm just in shock that I will never have new ones with her. I'm in shock that I won't see her again until I pass too. I vow to be a little stronger everyday for her because that's what she would have wanted, I vow to be stronger for anyone who's lost somebody to cancer. I'm a part of that family now. I vow to be a warrior for her and be a voice for cancer patients so the world can continue to improve the dialogue and the fight. I loved her. I still love her. And I love so much her husband Andre, stepson Sante, and friends. I made them some food yesterday. I will keep cooking. Cooking my soul until it understands this. Last thing I told her, 'Go find Joanne, Sonj.' Somehow I think she did."
Intense stuff. And although the hitmaker is devastated by this untimely death, she's focusing her energies on taking care of Sonja's widower. The Cure artist later added on IG:




For Sonja's husband Andre. ❤take care of those who you love who are suffering I think it helps us all to surviveA post shared by xoxo, Gaga (@ladygaga) on May 21, 2017 at 6:04pm PDT


GaGa's vigilant fans had a feeling Sonja's death was drawing near as, last week, the blonde songwriter couldn't help but gush about her BFF in a poignant post on the picture sharing site (below).




Watching one of my best friends in the world show unfathomable courage, strength, and positivity while battling cancer has really changed my life. Thank you Sonja for inspiring me and all of us everyday with your joy. I love you so much it brings tears to my eyes just to think of all the years we've spent together backstage running the show, taking care of each other. You are one of a kind. I'm so proud of you. And you and Andre, your unbreakable beautiful love is what life is all about. You can see it in this photo. Wanted to share this with the world and show them what true beauty looks like. ❤#grigiogirls #sonjadurham @sonjad7777 I love you girl. I love you so much.A post shared by xoxo, Gaga (@ladygaga) on May 18, 2017 at 3:56pm PDT


Not to mention, last month the pop sensation dedicated an acoustic version of her hit Edge of Glory to Durham during her set at Coachella. So sad.
We honestly can't imagine the pain Sonja's loved ones are going through right now. We're sending only good thoughts their way. R.I.P., Sonja.
[Image via Instagram.]
/n