Fragile Olivia Newton-John TRAPPED In Stage IV Cancer Horror!/n
Olivia Newton-John‘s recurring cancer has come back to bite her once again, and this time it may be fatal,RadarOnline.com can reveal.
The beloved Grease actress has been diagnosed with Stage IV cancer, which will likely leave the fading star with less than a year to live!
“Olivia is facing grim odds,” Dr. Gabe Mirkin, who has not treated the star, sadly told Radar. “Stage IV cancer is not curable, and the long-term survival rate is less than 10 percent.”
PHOTOS: Found Alive! Olivia Newton John’s ‘Drowned’ Boyfriend Located In Mexico
Meanwhile, the 68-year-old songbird’s troubled daughter Chloe Rose Lattanzi, 31, is hoping for a miracle, and begging fans to pray for her dying mother.
“Will all of u send healing prayers for my mamas back please,” Chloe recently pleaded on Instagram.
As Radar readers know, the singer-actress was diagnosed with severe breast cancer that has metastasized to the sacrum and led her to cancel all upcoming shows in order to take immediate medical action.
PHOTOS: Olivia Newton John Looking Great At 63
“Olivia had already postponed the first half of her U.S. and Canadian concert tour because of excruciating pain that she thought was sciatica,” revealed a source. “But it turned out her cancer had metastasized [spread] to her back. She’s devastated by this!”
When breast cancer metastasizes, “it means your immune system can’t fight off the disease, and the cancer can spread rapidly,” explained Florida-based Dr. Mirkin.
Having gone through a similar scare in 1992, Olivia, who has claimed to be the epitome of health – saying “I never smoked, drank only the odd glass of wine and loved to exercise” – is staying strong and fighting through.
PHOTOS: Olivia Newton-John Lowers The Price On Her Florida Home By $500,000 To $5.7 Million
During her first battle with cancer, she underwent a partial mastectomy, chemotherapy and reconstructive surgery, while pursuing positive health and lifestyle options.
“Olivia is a good example of someone who integrates standard therapy and complementary therapy. She’s a big proponent of it,” noted Dr. Cary Presant, who has not treated the star.
This time around, the star is turning to “natural wellness therapies” and photon radiation, which are higher-energy X-rays.
While she remains optimistic, Newton-John suffers from a long history of cancer in her family, seeing as her father, Brinley, died of liver cancer in 1992, and sister Rona succumbed to brain cancer in 2013.
“Olivia is right to include wellness therapies in her treatment,” warned Dr. Mirkin. “Sadly, she may not live long.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n