11 Times We Weren't Deserving Of Beyoncé, But She Blessed Our Lives Anyway!/n

Why is Beyoncé so good to us???
The world embraced a much-needed distraction on Wednesday when Queen Bey revealed she's expecting TWINS (!!) with a GLORIOUS photo of her bare baby bump on Instagram — and just like that, the world is good again!!!
With America on the verge of collapse in Donald Trump's hands… this announcement made us feel like there's still some hope in humanity!
Related: Baby Names That Should Be On Beyoncé & Jay Z's Radar!
That said, let's give credit where credit is due and recognize the Halo singer for all the times she's blessed our lives, even when we didn't deserve it (below)! 
1. When she unexpectedly announced her pregnancy on the first day of Black History Month, saving 2017 from political turmoil and the wrath of Drumpf.

2. That time she broke the Internet (sorry not sorry, Kim K.) with her Single Ladies dance video.

3. That time she extended her Formation World Tour, and came to El Lay not once but TWICE.

4. Bey always finds a way to outshine the Super Bowl game itself, like when she crashed Coldplay's halftime performance to pay tribute to the Black Lives Matter movement, Malcolm X, and the Black Panthers. Lives = Slayed.

5. When she was the Foxxy Cleopatra we didn't know we needed in the worst Austin Powers movie.

6. How we all felt when she dropped both of her surprise visual albums (three years apart), 2013's Beyoncé and 2016's Lemonade, making even the most ordinary days seem extraordinary.

7. We've pretty much never been more patriotic than when Beyoncé serenaded Barack and Michelle Obama with Etta James' At Last during their first dance at the presidential inaugural ball.

8. When she wanted Taylor Swift to have her moment after Kanye West's VMAs interruption by saying:

"I remember being seventeen years old, up for my first MTV award with Destiny's Child, it was one of the most exciting moments of my life. So I'd like for Taylor to come out and have her moment."
9. This powerful performance on World Humanitarian Day:

10. That time Miz Carter announced her pregnancy with Blue Ivy Carter after finishing a performance of Love on Top at the 2011 MTV VMAs.

11. When the living legend addressed rumors that she used a prerecorded track at the 2013 inauguration by belting out the national anthem a cappella in front of reporters. After finishing, she actually asked:

"Any questions?"

WORLD STOP.

So, B… we thank you. Something good happened today.
/n