Anna Nicole's True Baby Daddy; Drug Use Alleged/nThe real father of Anna Nicole's baby has been unmasked, and Anna Nicole's drug use exposed, according to a sworn declaration obtained by TMZ. In sealed court documents filed Thursday in Los Angeles County Superior Court, Laurie Payne, a woman who spent considerable time with Anna Nicole during her pregnancy, claims that the former Playboy Playmate confessed to her in phone calls and instant messages that Larry Birkhead is the father of her baby girl.In her declaration, Payne, who signed the document under penalty of perjury, adds that Smith told her that, prior to her pregnancy with Dannielynn, she miscarried an unborn baby, also fathered by Birkhead.  "... you've been around my mother for 12 years and haven't had any p*ssy either. " --Daniel Smith to Howard K. Stern Payne alleges in her declaration that Anna Nicole was taking methadone and Xanax in May, 2006, during her pregnancy. She says that she actually administered pills to Smith from a bottle marked  "Methadone " and that she  "personally observed " Smith taking  "a rather high dose of Xanax " around the same time. Smith's son Daniel is believed to have had a lethal combination of methadone, in addition to prescription anti-depressants in his system when he died Sept. 10.  Payne, who lives in Myrtle Beach, SC, says that she met Smith in July, 2005 in the Florida Keys, where they spent  "several days " with their mutual friend, South Carolina real estate developer G. Ben Thompson. Payne adds that she also spent considerable time with Smith in Myrtle Beach and in the Florida Keys in November and December 2005, and from May-July 2006. In an e-mail Smith sent to Payne, which is attached to Payne's declaration, Anna Nicole seems to say she had sex a total of three times with only two people during the time of conception:  "well one of two people once in dec and twice in jan............you do the math but I hear someone cant do what has been done. " TMZ has confirmed Thompson told Anna Nicole last May that he couldn't be the father because he had a vasectomy, thus the comment,  "someone cant do what has been done. " As for Howard K. Stern, Smith's lawyer who is listed as the baby's father on her birth certificate, Payne says Anna Nicole Smith herself said he wasn't the father. Payne says in her declaration:  "I asked her why she did not just go into a relationship with Stern, to which (Anna Nicole) responded, 'EWWW...GROSS!!! No way!! I would never!' "According to the declaration, during Christmas, 2005, Stern began to tease Anna Nicole's son Daniel  "about being a 19-year-old virgin. " Payne says,  "....Daniel looked at Stern and stated, 'I don't know why you're worried about me, you've been around my mother for 12 years and haven't had any p*ssy either. "As for Larry Birkhead, Payne claims in the declaration that he and Anna Nicole had a  "love hate relationship " and she would refer to Mr. Birkhead as,  "the a**hole " in our discussions about this fact. " In the e-mail, Smith is on a rant against a person who appears to be the Kentucky-bred Birkhead:  "I just want to be happy and that lil f..k wont leave me alone and treats me like s..t in front of his friends it has always been them over me, when hes in Kentucky.... "Smith indicates in the e-mail that she's hard up for money:  "I cant work now so im pretty much f....d for a bit!.....sure counting on the court to give me my money....cause all I want to do is move from this house and get a better one and just star over!....and to boot Ive gained 30 pounds im horrified.! "  Related Articles      Anna Nicole's Morning of Mourning     Birth Certificate for Anna Nicole's Baby     Anna Nicole's Son's Death Certificate     Two More Claim to be Anna's Baby Daddy  Documents      Declaration of Laurie Payne/n