Anthony Bourdain Describes His Next Book as Ina Garten With a Gun We love a good food fight and Anthony Bourdain seems to be at the center of all of them.  He has called Guy Fieri "if Ed Hardy f--ked a juggalo," opined that we watc.../n
We love a good food fight and Anthony Bourdain seems to be at the center of all of them. He has called Guy Fieri "if Ed Hardy f--ked a juggalo," opined that we watch Adam Richman because we "wanted him to die," and bluntly stated that Paula Deen's "food sucks."Yet, we are still trying to figure out what Bourdain really thinks of the culinary goddess Ina Garten.In an interview with Made Man, Bourdain dished on his next cookbook and somehow managed to include the Barefoot Contessa in his description. "I am working on a dysfunctional family cookbook called Appetites," Bourdain said. "Ralph Steadman [Hunter S. Thompson's go-to illustrator] did the cover, so that's really kind of all you need to know. It's a cookbook with recipes that I cook my family. I have a very unusual family. My wife eats nothing but animal protein. My daughter is a weird kid. And I have an unusual group of friends. So it's a pretty fun collaboration. I'm really happy with the way it's going."

Bourdain added, "It seemed like the last thing in the world I should ever do, a family cookbook. It's sort of my version of Ina Garten, you know? If Ina Garten had, like, a gun, it would be this."We are still trying to piece together what that even means, but we think it might be a compliment based on Bourdain's previous remarks about the Food Network star. Bourdain told Atlanta Magazine in July, "I love Ina Garten. She's one of the few people on the Food Network who can actually cook. When Ina Garten roasts a chicken, she roasts it correct. When Ina Garten makes mashed potatoes, those are some solid mashed potatoes. In my ways I want Ina's life."And then he lost us."I don't want to live in her house. I don't want to spend a weekend there. It gets weird in Ina Land…Oh, when Jeffrey gets home, he'll be so happy I made meatloaf. And then he comes home and you're pretty sure he's not into meatloaf."

We are not entirely certain, but we have a feeling Bourdain won't be invited for lunch in "Ina Land" alongside Miguel the photographer, Barbara the assistant, Michael the florist or even Taylor Swift .However, we would want to read an entire book about it, recipes for what they ate included, if it ever did happen.
/n