Kourtney Kardashian Heads to Church with Younes Bendjima While Kris Jenner Lounges in Her Purse Closet
/n

Spirituality can take many, infinitely varied forms. While some find comfort in tradition and the assuredness of routine, opting to attend church every week and firmly embed themselves within that community, others find strength through charitable acts and good deeds, while even more ascribe to the extremely nontraditional denomination of capitalism, finding comfort in their high-end consumer goods and staggering savings accounts. And on Wednesday, Kris Jenner and her eldest daughter Kourtney Kardashian demonstrated the full spectrum of faith, from physically attending a religious service to honoring the cult of the walk-in clutch closet.
WENN
Kourtney and her boyfriend Younes Bendjima have just gotten back from their extended vacation in Egypt which provided even more exotic locales for the reality star to use as a backdrop to model her bikinis in front of on social media. But now that the pair are back in Calabasas, the mother of three decided to show Bendjima one of her other favorite pastimes, attending a mid-week, late night church service at Hillsong in Beverly Hills, the same church that her rumored former fling Justin Bieber famously patronizes.

For the occasion, the couple kept their looks super casual with Younes wearing a silver, blue, and tan silk bomber and black jeans and Kourt opting for a black silk bomber, white tee, light wash jeans, black heels, and a bright, metallic green Chanel boyfriend bag.
RELATED PHOTOS: Your Comprehensive Guide to Every Swimsuit the Kardashian-Jenners Have Worn in 2017
Kourtney Kardashian/Instagram
And clearly, good taste in purses runs in the family. While Kourt was off at church fostering her spirituality, it seems Kris Jenner was also in her own church of sorts, praying to the god of Birkins. Later that night, Kourtney shared a shot of the momager amongst her many pricy, pint-size trophies on her Instagram stories, leisurely draped across a white armchair in the midst of her walk-in purse closet. Behind her can be seen just a selection of her many, many bags, including her impressive assortment of Chanel bags, a handful of Louis Vuitton, Fendi, and Gucci purses, a ton of sparkly clutches, and even a custom bag emblazoned with her own name. Just call her Saint Kris, patron of all things couture.
What do you think of Kourtney’s church apparel? Would you like Kris’s purse closet in your home? Sound off below!
/n