Oscars. She was completely sleek, chic and modern. What items are always in your kit? My blow dryer and flatiron from my Harry Josh Pro Tools line, John Frieda Frizz Ease Expert Finish Serum, Serge Normant Dry Shampoo and John Frieda Precisi.../n
Gisele Bündchen's tresses have been the envy of most women for years—including Jennifer Aniston. And the secret behind those flawless locks? That would be celebrity hairstylist Harry Josh.He's also been working his mane magic on Gwyneth Paltrow, Miranda Kerr Hilary Swank, Ellen Pompeo, Kate Bosworth, Helena Christensen and Sofia Vergara. So, yeah, suffice to say: he gives good hair.We sat down with the headmaster himself to find out how he made his way to the glam squad A-list. Here's what he shared:

How long have you been a hairstylist?Over a decade—not to date myself! What was your big break?I was coloring models' hair in the bathroom of my walk-up apartment in the West Village. At the time I was working at a casting agency—and it was a dream but definitely not a job. Amy Astley (Former beauty director of Vogue magazine) got word of what I was doing and came to check it out.  A few issues later, I was in Vogue and my career was born.Who have you been working with the longest?Stylist? Serge Normant. He's been a mentor and has helped mold me into who I am as a hairstylist. Clientwise, I've been close friends with Gisele for over 15 years and she is the one who helped catapult me into the spotlight.

What are a few of your favorite red carpet looks that you've created?I gave Rose Bryne a bob with bangs for the SAG awards a few years ago. It was just so chic and unexpected. She also had on this great jumpsuit so it was like Michelle Pfeiffer in Scarface—so glam! I'd also say Gisele, my muse, at the 2009 MET Ball. She wore a blue Versace dress and she looked incredible. Also, Gwyneth at the 2011 Oscars. She was completely sleek, chic and modern.

What items are always in your kit?My blow dryer and flatiron from my Harry Josh Pro Tools line, John Frieda Frizz Ease Expert Finish Serum, Serge Normant Dry Shampoo and John Frieda Precision Foam Colour Conditioner—it's  an after color conditioner that I love and use regardless of whether or not someone's had a color treatment.What new item are you currently obsessed with?My up-and-coming new brushes - look for them on Hairenvy.com in the next few months.

What was a near-fiasco that you've had to deal with? Once I was working on a musician for a really important shoot and her hair was filthy and she refused to wash it. All of the dry shampoo in the world couldn't help me!What's the best thank you gift you've ever received? An Hermès blanket. I love it and it looks perfect in my apartment.To see more of Harry's work, check him out on Twitter or Instagram.
/n