How Celebs Are Helping Out During Hurricane Harvey!/n

Celebrities are doing what they can to support those affected by Hurricane Harvey!
As we've all seen, the category four storm brought unprecedented flooding to Houston after making landfall in Texas on Friday. As the area continues to get heavy rainfall and floodwaters rise, stars are using their platforms and resources to lend a helping hand to the millions of people affected by the natural disaster.
Kevin Hart, for example, started a campaign to rally his influential friends into donating — leading the charge with $50,000, which was met by Chris Brown with a $100,000 donation. Beyoncé, Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson, DJ Khaled, J.J. Watt, and Chris Young all got in on the action in amazing ways, too.
Related: Donald Trump Says He Purposely Pardoned Joe Arpaio During The Hurricane
Former Bachelor, Sean Lowe, took things a step further by heading to Houston from Dallas with his boat to personally aid the families whose homes were impacted by the storm.
Take a look at some of the amazing pledges being made (below)! 




Click the link in my Bio & help me help Houston as well as the other cities that are being affected by Hurricane Harvey….I will be able to track this money and make sure that it is being used properly. Keep your head up Houston & keep your faith. I love you all & my prayers are with you!!!! Click the link in my Bio….I will be calling out celebs daily. You also don't have to be a celebrity to donate….Any and everybody can click the link and help out!!!! CLICK THE LINK IN MY BIOA post shared by Kevin Hart (@kevinhart4real) on Aug 28, 2017 at 3:37pm PDT



"My heart goes out to my hometown, Houston, and I remain in constant prayer for those affected." - @Beyonce https://t.co/ZJuGUth5jr
— BeyGOOD (@BeyGood) August 28, 2017





Stay strong Houston and hold onto faith. Me and my family know what you're going thru. We survived the eye of Andrew and became stronger - so will you. All my love and strength. * Link in my bio in you can donate a buck or two to our Houston families in need.A post shared by therock (@therock) on Aug 28, 2017 at 4:27pm PDT



❤️ AND IM SKEPTICAL ABOUT RED CROSS SO MY DONATION WILL GO TO THE PEOPLE! pic.twitter.com/GjUVWUDpuG
— Chris Brown (@chrisbrown) August 29, 2017





As everyone knows, Texas was hit Friday by Hurricane Harvey which made landfall as a category four hurricane, the largest storm to hit the area in decades. Port Aransas, Rockport, Corpus Christi, Houston and so many other places are going to be dealing with so much damage and loss of life for a long time to come. I’m worried about the people there — my friends, family and neighbors — and I want to help. I’m starting this GoFundMe campaign in an effort to help everyone in Texas that has been affected by this hurricane. I’m pledging $100,000 to relief efforts and hope you will join me (link in bio).A post shared by Chris Young (@chrisyoungmusic) on Aug 27, 2017 at 10:16am PDT






$1 MILLION!!! New Goal: $1.5 Million. YouCaring.com/JJWatt #HoustonStrongA post shared by JJ Watt (@justinjames99) on Aug 28, 2017 at 7:25pm PDT






Today I had the chance to do what I could to help some people in the Houston area. I couldn't believe the devastation. My heart broke for all the elderly who are immobile and the mothers trapped in their homes with young babies. But I was encouraged by the selflessness of so many Texans who came to help where they could. Definitely a day I'll never forget.A post shared by Sean Lowe (@seanloweksu) on Aug 28, 2017 at 1:56pm PDT



Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone affected by #HurricaneHarvey. pic.twitter.com/HBihHtqUcL
— Lady Antebellum (@ladyantebellum) August 28, 2017
We encourage everyone to help out in whatever way they can. Sending all our love to Texas!
[Image via Instagram.]
/n