Derek and Hannah Jeter Are Expecting a Baby Girl/n





                    Here's Your First Look at Derek Jeter and Hannah Davis' Breathtaking Wedding
                







Gorg!

 MORE >>





Derek Jeter and his wife, Sports Illustrated model Hannah Jeter, have a baby on the way!

The latter announced the happy news in an essay for The Players’ Tribune. In the article about their relationship, Hannah revealed that she’s currently pregnant with a baby girl.
“Pregnant with our first child, Derek and I are looking to the future,” the 26-year-old wrote. “He already has a name in mind — he’s set on it. (We’ll see.) He’ll say when he calls me during the day: ‘So, how are you and so-and-so doing?’ ‘That’s not the name yet, sweetie.’ Whatever her name is, I know she’ll run circles around him.”
The couple, who started dating in 2012, married in last July at the Meadowood Napa Valley Resort in St. Helena, Calif.


Derek Jeter and Hannah Davis' Romance in Pictures








































7 Photos »


“We want our kids’ lives to be as ‘normal’ as possible. They’re going to be born into such an extraordinary situation,” Hannah continued, hinting about plans for more children in the future. “They’re going to have to be some strong little people. We don’t want them to be defined by their dad’s name — for them, we want him to just be ‘Dad.’ That will be the piece of him they’ll have that the rest of the world doesn’t. It will be special, and it will be theirs.”
“Derek and I will want our children to understand that the lives they’ve been given are so fortunate, in so many ways. We’ll want them to learn to help others, and to care for others, and to give back to the world. We’ll let them know that they are strong and smart, and that they can do anything they put their minds to,” she continued. “I hope they’ll be honest like their father. I hope they’ll be stubborn like me. I hope that they know what they want and won’t settle for less.”


	Hannah Davis Shows Off Engagement Ring from Derek Jeter








































7 Photos »


/n