Keke Palmer Thinks Kylie Jenner Is Totally Fake/n





                    Here's What It's like to Be Kylie Jenner's Assistant
                







Kylie Jenner's personal assistant is spilling the beans on her boss!

 MORE >>










                    Kylie Jenner Strips Down and Bares Underboob in New Bikini Photo Shoot
                







Another day, another sexy photo shoot for Kylie Jenner...

 MORE >>





Keke Palmer just called out Kylie Jenner for being inauthentic.

The Scream Queens actress called out the Keeping Up with the Kardashians star in her latest interview with Yahoo Beauty, claiming Jenner gave in to the pressure to be perfect by drastically changing her appearance in the last few years. Explaining that it’s “absolutely so hard” to remain authentic on social media “because everybody wants to make everybody so crazy, stupid, ugly, or dumb,” Palmer, 23, said it’s easy for young starlets like Jenner, 19, to slip into a fake persona in order to become famous.
“People just become so judgmental, and it’s easy for you to be scorned by that or take those things personal when the reality is people are projecting. That’s also hard to believe, especially if you’re a kind person or want to understand where people are coming from,” she said. “So often people feel like, you know what, I’m just going to beat them to the punch and either degrade myself or be so damn perfect they have nothing to say. We’ve seen extremes of that.”


Kylie Jenner's dramtatic transformation Through the Years








































72 Photos »


“In the sense of the Kardashians, it’s like I’m going to show you so much perfect and be everything a woman should be or everything a man would like or love. And I’m going to be exactly that so you can’t bully me anymore,” she continued. “Specifically in the situation with Kylie, where you’ve had a young girl people have seen on television since she was a kid and they literally told her she was so ugly … the ugly person in the family. She went and did apparently everything the world deems as beautiful. The even crazier part is that everybody loves her for it.”
Palmer also explained seeing this kind of behavior may be toxic for young teens, saying, “What I find interesting is that this is something that is being displayed to my generation — showing young girls, young guys that if you do everything that society wants you to be, not only will you be praised for it but you will make money for it. You can be profitable for not being who you truly are.”


Kylie Jenner's many, many Bikini moments








































28 Photos »


Though Jenner has yet to respond to Palmer’s comment, she previously hinted about the pressures of keeping up a glamorous public persona in the trailer for her upcoming E! reality series, Life of Kylie.
“Nobody has a perfect life. But I’m not totally innocent because I am keeping up this lifestyle. I can’t do it forever,” she confessed. “There’s two sides of me. There’s an image that I feel constantly pressured to keep up with, and who I really am around my friends.”


Kylie Jenner Unveils Her Madame Tussauds Wax Figure


































5 Photos »


/n