Sponsors Pull Funding From Play That Shows The Murder Of A Donald Trump-Like Julius Caesar/n

UPDATE 8:27 P.M. EST: The Public Theater responded to the controversy on Monday with the following statement:

"We stand completely behind our production of 'Julius Caesar.' We recognize that our interpretation of the play has provoked heated discussion; audiences, sponsors and supporters have expressed varying viewpoints and opinions. Such discussion is exactly the goal of our civically-engaged theater; this discourse is the basis of a healthy democracy. Our production of 'Julius Caesar' in no way advocates violence towards anyone. Shakespeare's play, and our production, make the opposite point: those who attempt to defend democracy by undemocratic means pay a terrible price and destroy the very thing they are fighting to save. For over 400 years, Shakespeare's play has told this story and we are proud to be telling it again in Central Park."

Directed by Kathy Griffin?
A production of Shakespeare's Julius Caesar has come under fire for putting a Donald Trump spin on the titular role — who just so happens to get assassinated.
The New York-based arts organization put Trump look-alike Gregg Henry in the starring role, which saw Caesar as a bombastic businessman who wore long red ties and had a wife with a Melania Trump-esque Slavic accent.
Related: Melania Has Officially Moved Into The White House
The play will open on Monday at The Delacorte Theater in Central Park, but early previews are already enraging some sensitive theatergoers — because in the play, Roman senators stab Caesar to death out of fear he's getting too power hungry!
Needless to say, not everyone was happy to see a POTUS-like Caeser get assassinated during NYC's Free Shakespeare in the Park, and sponsors were quick to respond as well.
On Sunday, Delta Airlines pulled its funding of the theater group in response to the spiraling criticism. The company said the theater "crossed the line" in a statement, writing: 
"No matter what your political stance may be, the graphic staging of ‘Julius Caesar' at this summer's Free Shakespeare in the Park does not reflect Delta Air Lines' values. Their artistic and creative direction crossed the line on the standards of good taste. We have notified them of our decision to end our sponsorship as the official airline of the Public Theater effective immediately."
Bank of America soon followed suit, saying that it was, too, "withdrawing our funding for this production." However, the company will still retain its funding of the theater.
Video: Sassy Senator Says 'Fuck No' To Trump!
Even though Trump's name is never mentioned in the production, the Public Theater intentionally chose to present — and murder — Julius Caesar in a way that would provoke and offend.
Based on the stunned reaction to the on stage murder of the President, it looks like the company got exactly what it was hoping for.
Do U think this play takes Trump trolling too far?
[Image via C-SPAN/Instagram.]
/n