Craig Strickland's Wife Remembers The Late Country Singer One Year After His Body Was Found — Read The Sentimental Post Here/n

Wow, we can't believe it's been a year since country singer Craig Strickland was found dead after he had been reported missing for a week following a disastrous hunting trip.
As you may remember, the Backroad Anthem frontman and his pal Chase Morland went missing in late December of 2015 during a duck hunting trip in Oklahoma when their boat capsized due to winter storm Goliath. Morland's body was found the following day, and the 29-year-old was later discovered on January 4, 2016. The country crooner's passing was declared an accident as he died from hypothermia.
So sad.
One year later, Craig's devoted wife, Helen Strickland, remembered her late husband with a sentimental post on Instagram — praising God for helping her get through such a difficult loss.
Related: Helen Reveals Where She Buried The Singer
The former Miss Arkansas shared a screenshot of the couple's last text message exchange with the caption: 




A year ago today, the search for my husband @backroadcraig concluded. I remember receiving these last texts from him before talking for the last time on the phone-I'm so thankful God gave me the blessing of getting to say and hear the words "I love you" to/from him just moments before he and Chase got in their 10ft flat bottom boat. It was truly such a blessing the day we found Craig. We were finally able to find some kind of peace knowing he was with his Heavenly Father. God showed us then, and continues to show us, that He takes care of his children. While the pain is great that we carry, our Lord will carry the burden if we choose to let Him. A year later, I can testify to God's goodness and the gift of love that He pours out to those in pain. Sometimes His gifts of love aren't what we want or expect-for example, our savior Jesus Christ coming as a baby-but in the end, God's way is always better than what we want for ourselves. God is good, and His ways are perfect- I trust that. Losing Craig was not what any of us desired; but as @strickark told me - when we get sad, we can think of all the ways God will bless others through Craig's story. What a wonderful and humbling reminder that God has chosen Craig's family to help others. At the closing of this year, I am thankful for God's gift of life. And one day, I will be so excited to sit with Craig and our Father in heaven, as we tell Craig about all the opportunities his family had to share the love of Christ with hurting people all over the world because of his testimony. What a gift of love that will be❤ *Please visit the Craig Strickland Foundation homepage to donate to scholarships established in honor of Craig; and be looking for the launch of my new website, which will be the home for my blog/vlog, as well as the place to contact/hire me for speaking engagements. www.craigstricklandfoundation.orgA photo posted by Helen Wisner Strickland (@helenelizabethstrickland) on Jan 4, 2017 at 8:44pm PST


Wow. All the feels.
Our hearts go out to all of Craig's loved ones as they remember him during this time.
[Image via Instagram.]/n