Movie Review: Chipwrecked Spoofs Movies, Music and Memes...but Still Ends Up Being Less Funny? Review in a Hurry: Alvin and his Chipmunk brethren (and sister Chipettes) are back and he's still up to no good, this time landing them on a .../n
Review in a Hurry: Alvin and his Chipmunk brethren (and sister Chipettes) are back and he's still up to no good, this time landing them on a marooned island full only of a few surprises and even fewer jokes. But boy will it make you want to rewatch Cast Away and revisit the internet's greatest hits!

The Bigger Picture: After two so-so showings at the box office, the  most famous trio of musical rodents are back on the big screen, and this  time they've got the entire internet to parody, as well as every  stranded-on-an-island movie listed on IMDb. But even with a wealth of  material, the movie is more groan-worthy than giggle-inducing.Dave  (Jason Lee), the do-good surrogate dad of the pack of 'munks, decides  to bring the whole crew on a vacation before they must head off to  perform at the International Music Awards. His escape of choice? A  cruise (which should be the first red flag the movie is going south, and  fast).Alvin (voiced by Justin Long) quickly creates chaos  onboard, sparking a vicious father-son circle of "Trust me, I'm an  adult!" and "Show me you're an adult and then I'll trust you!" But all  that goes overboard when Alvin—in a not-so-tragic "parasailing"  accident—literally goes overboard with Simon (Matthew Gray Gubler),  Theodore (Jesse McCartney) and the girls in tow.They land on an  island where more chaos (obviously) ensures: Simon is bitten by a spider  that leaves him thinking he's a French adventurer/playboy, a human  strandee (played by Jenny Slate and who had arrived via a crashed cargo  plane years ago) alternates between talking to her collection of sports  ball friends (à la Cast Away) and scheming for treasure, and the whole  time the Chipmunks are just hoping that Dave is looking for them (which,  of course he is, accompanied by Squeakquel villain David Cross).The  Chipettes play a lesser role in this installment: Jeanette (Anna Faris)  scores the most screen time being wooed by the infected Simon (newly  renamed Simone), while Brittany (Christina Applegate) alternates between  dolling out advice to Alvin and fighting him for control of the island.  As for Eleanor (Amy Poehler)? Well, she mostly just wines about being  hungry...and is adorable about it.The gals do get a moment to  "shine" when they're involved in a cruise dance-off with some Jersey  Shore-esque hoochies, but by the end everyone seems like the loser. And  that's probably a high point when it comes to the musical moments, which  are intermixed throughout the movie in the form of a couple lines from a  Top 40 hit here and there (with a preference for Lady Gaga tunes shared  by the whole Chip-family).Beyond the many references to Tom  Hanks' flick and current playlists, the movie strives to be hip by  playing on a handful of once popular YouTube hits. There's a throwaway  reference to the double rainbow dude and a whole scene centered around  the honey badger clip, unfortunately (or fortunately so) most children  won't understand that the honey badger "doesn't give a s--t."The  funniest part of the movie happens during a far (far!) less violent  Lord of the Flies-like fight between the Chipmunks that ends with  Eleanor declaring a prized mango "her precious" Lord of the Rings style.Lucky for you, you can see that in the trailer and don't have to sit through an hour of the movie to get to it.The  180—a Second Opinion: Nostalgia for the glory days of Alvin and the  Chipmunks might compel you enough to sit through the movie, or just how  dang adorable Eleanor and Theodore are.
/n