Remembering David Bowie, Prince, and More Celebrities We Lost in 2016/n





                    Iman Addresses David Bowie’s Death
                







Remembering a legend

 MORE >>





It’s safe to say that 2016 wasn’t an easy year for Hollywood.

As we enter 2017, it’s important to pay our respects to pop culture icons that have passed away in 2016. The deaths of Prince and David Bowie made the world stand still and took a toll on the music industry and history at large. Both legends were rightfully celebrated for their accomplishments and innovations in tributes at various awards shows, television specials, and on social media by fans, friends, and celebrities. Overwhelmed with the news of Prince’s death and Muhammad Ali’s passing, comedian Chris Rock tweeted this pointed message:

I wish this year would stop already it’s just to much. pic.twitter.com/QoIwdvWzvL
— Chris Rock (@chrisrock) June 4, 2016

 
As for David Bowie, Lady Gaga honored the Starman and his music with an incredible tribute at the 2016 Grammy Awards. Bowie touched millions of lives with his music, style, and personality just by being himself. Justin Timberlake shared this touching Instagram post following the news of Bowie’s death:



I can never express into words how you will continue to inspire me… Thank you for showing a pimple-faced, curly-mopped kid that DIFFERENT was THE THING TO BE. A GENIUS for the ages and the ages to come. #ripdavidbowie
A photo posted by Justin Timberlake (@justintimberlake) on Jan 11, 2016 at 8:37am PST



 
The fatal shooting of 22-year-old The Voice alum Christina Grimmie after a concert in Orlando shook the world just the same. Gone far too soon, Grimmie and her family received support from voices on social media. Selena Gomez, one of Grimmie’s good friends, shared this emotional post after hearing the news:

My heart is absolutely broken. I miss you Christina pic.twitter.com/KWGwZZlj4t
— Selena Gomez (@selenagomez) June 11, 2016

Hollywood suffered great losses of beloved actors Alan Rickman and Gene Wilder this year as well. The passing of these on-screen legends drew up emotions from past co-stars and friends of the actors. Rickman’s fellow cast from the Harry Potter series and from his most recent film, Alice Through the Looking Glass, were shocked and devastated to hear the news of his passing. Matthew Lewis, Rickman’s co-star who is best known for his role as Neville Longbottom in the Harry Potter series, shared this Instagram post describing the influence Rickman personally had on him:



I was at Leavesden Studios today when I heard the news. As I walked through the canteen I thought of Alan queuing up for his lunch with us mere mortals. I recalled the trailer in which he offered me some of the greatest advice I ever received about this mad profession we shared. Being back in those corridors made me remember a lot of things and I will treasure those memories all my life. He inspired my career more than he ever knew and I’ll miss him.
A photo posted by Matthew Lewis (@mattdavelewis) on Jan 14, 2016 at 7:07am PST


Other celebrities we lost in 2016 include The Brady Bunch’s Florence Henderson, Sesame Street’s David Smyrl, A Tribe Called Quest’s Phife Dawg, award-winning novelist Harper Lee, and singer-songwriter Leonard Cohen. You can celebrate these beloved stars by launching the gallery below:


Hollywood's Notable Deaths of 2016








































41 Photos »



/n