 Liam Payne Was Leona's Love Bait! Lewis Won Back Ex-Boyfriend By Romancing One Direction.../n
By Jon Boon – Radar Reporter
Did One Direction ladies man Liam Payne get a taste of his own medicine?
RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned that the 19-year-old boyband hunk, who recently had a fling with the British singer Leona Lewis, was used as a pawn to make her ex-boyfriend jealous.
PHOTOS: Couples We’d Like To See!
Leona, 27, ended her 2-year-relationship with German dancer Dennis Jauch back in October and soon after began dating Liam. But now, both couples have walked back into their ex’s lives – Liam was seen walking hand-in-hand with his former love Danielle Peazer in New York last Sunday, while Leona was spotted at London eaterie Bluebird with Dennis last Thursday!
“Leona and Liam have been friends for nearly two years, so when they were both single they took their relationship to the next level,” a source tells RadarOnline.com.
PHOTOS:    Celebrity Smooches
“But Leona had an ulterior motive – she wanted Dennis to see what he was missing out on and wanted to make him jealous.
“Dennis was always wary of Leona’s friendship with Liam – so when she started dating Liam she must knew it would hit a nerve.
PHOTOS: Hollywood’s Power Couples
“She split with Dennis because she felt she was underappreciated and wanted him to propose. It was a careful plan on her part.
“And, sure enough, when Dennis came calling again, she dumped Liam after a month and went straight back into his arms. Liam was gutted,” the source reveals.
PHOTOS: Actors Who Can Sing
On Monday, One Direction played the biggest concert of their lives in a sold-out show at the legendary Madison Square Garden.
After the show, Liam tweeted, “What a night! I had soooo much fun! Thank you to everyone who came to see us and everyone of our fans who support us! I love you loads.”
PHOTOS: The Name Game – Celebs Who’ve Changed Their Names
Harry Styles added, “Last night was the best thing I have ever done.”
RELATED STORIES:
Dating Deja Vu! Taylor Swift’s Pals Say Romance With Harry Styles ‘Has Tragedy Written All Over It’
Taylor Swift Hand-In-Hand With Harry Styles At 4 A.M. Outside NY Hotel!Taylor Swift Honored By Kennedys, Then Goes To See Harry StylesTaylor Swift Cozies Up To One Direction’s Harry Styles In NY /n