Naomi Judd Reveals Daughter Wynonna's Shocking BETRAYAL During Depression Battle/n
When Naomi Judd suffered from severe depression and suicidal thoughts during a three-year fight for her sanity, her youngest daughter Ashley was constantly by her side. But her former bandmate and confidante, eldest child Wynonna, left her alone during the darkest days, the country legend claims in her new tell-all, River of Time.
In 2011, when the 70-year-old matriarch began sinking into despair, Wynonna, 52, became “100 percent wrapped up” with her new boyfriend, Cactus Moser, and stopped calling.
“I had not heard her beautiful voice in what seemed like a terribly long time,” Naomi wrote in the shocking new memoir. “I felt like I was falling into a dark, endless abyss, alone.”
The following year, Naomi learned of her own daughter’s wedding in People magazine.
PHOTOS: JoJo Fletcher & New Fiancé Jordan Rodgers Make Their Debut On GMA
“I wasn’t invited, and neither was Ashley,” she claimed. “I was happy for Wy’s marriage news, but sad at the same time…It hurt my heart that we couldn’t all be together for happy times, like a wedding.”
During the years-long fight for her life, Naomi remained estranged from Wynonna, though she “grew increasingly lonely for a connection.”
The long feud ended only when Naomi’s husband Larry Strickland invited Wynonna to the couple’s home for dinner in 2014.
Though the former mother/daughter music duo did not immediately hash out their issues, Naomi said she felt “calm” by the end of the night.
PHOTOS: Kelly Betrayed Again! Michael Leaves ‘Live’ To Co-Host GMA Already
“I had a deeper understanding of why our relationship has had its bumps and bruises,” she explained.
By October 2015, the pair had reunited for Naomi’s farewell concerts in Las Vegas.
Sadly, Naomi told Good Morning America this week that she and Wynonna are back on a “break.”
“We’re still a little estranged from each other,” she admitted.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n