Alexa Curtin BLOCKED From Testifying PTSD & Health Issues In Rape Case/n
An Orange County judge has banned Alexa Curtin, daughter of Real Housewife of Orange County star Lynne Curtin, from testifying about any alleged post-traumatic stress, health issues or loss of libido in her rape case, RadarOnline.com has learned.
According to legal documents obtained by The Daily Mail, Curtin was blocked from presenting any evidence of her “injuries” or to seek damages in relation to them.
The judge ordered that the 23-year-old cannot testify “loss interest in sex or suffered post-traumatic stress disorder or that she may require mental health treatment,” the court documents stated, adding that she is prohibited from discussing “bladder infections” or “other urological disorders” in her testimony.
PHOTOS: ‘RHOC’ Drug Scandal! Kelly Dodd Accuses Tamra Judge Of Steroid Abuse In Wild Claim
As Radar readers know, Curtin claimed that Deputy Nicholas Lee Caropino raped her. The cops were called when Curtin and her then-boyfriend got into a verbal fight. They separated the couple, and an officer drove her back to her car that was parked a block away.
“Upon arriving at Plaintiff’s vehicle, Deputy Caropino searched Plaintiff’s purse and vehicle,” the original suit claimed. “While searching Plaintiff’s vehicle, the Deputy Caropino found some of Plaintiff’s underwear and began inappropriately questioning Plaintiff about her underwear; asking if the underwear belonged to her, how many pairs she had, why she needed the underwear, etc.”
He then left the scene but told her “she was not free to leave” and “if she did leave, she would be in ‘a lot of trouble.'” Curtin stayed put, and attempted to fall asleep in her car while she waited.
PHOTOS: ‘RHOC’ Star Meghan King Edmonds Gives Birth Two Weeks Ahead Of Due Date
But Caropino returned about 20 minutes later in his personal car in plain clothes. He allegedly told her, “since you are still here, I am going to f**k the sh*t out of you” and to “show me your p**y.”
Curtin claimed she was terrified of him, so she obliged.
“Deputy Caropino then pulled his pants down and shoved Plaintiff’s head down towards his genitals and forced her to orally copulate him despite her pleas to stop because he was hurting her,” the suit also claimed. The two then engaged in non-consensual sex, and “Deputy Caropino partially ejaculated inside of Plaintiff’s vagina, and partially on the passenger seat of Plaintiff’s vehicle.”
PHOTOS: ‘RHOC’ Cast Unites At Gretchen Rossi’s Private Birthday Bash
“Deputy Caropino then pulled up his pants, and asked Plaintiff for her cellular phone number so he could text her and to do this again,” Lynne Curtin’s daughter claimed. “Still afraid, Plaintiff gave Deputy Caropino an incorrect phone number. Then the Deputy Caropino returned to his personal vehicle and left.”
Of course, this isn’t Curtin’s first brush with the law.
She was arrested in 2014 for drinking beer on the beach with friends, and failed to show up to court for her ticket in the matter. Previously, she was charged with felony domestic violence for attacking an ex-boyfriend.
Most recently, she was charged with petty theft, assault and battery in 2015.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n