Watch: Denise Richards Defends Her Super Skinny Figure/n





                    Denise's Bikini Bod!
                







Denise Richards flaunts her flawless bod.

 MORE >>





 A picture is really worth a thousand words.
After stepping out with her daughters for some ice cream, Denise Richards recently caused concern when she was spotted in a black tank top, which exposed her super-slim arms.
Photos of the outing raised questions about her health, with one website referring to her new figure as “scary skinny.”
But the actress says there’s nothing to worry about, defending her much-skinnier look to Entertainment Tonight host Nancy O’Dell.
 

denise richards debuts skinnier look in L.A.


































5 Photos »



In an off-air interview, Richards told O’Dell she has maintained her usual diet and practices Pilates four times a week. The mom of three added that she was plagued with the same rumors when her elder daughters — Sam and Lola — were babies. With a baby in the house again, Richards is lifting her youngest girl Eloise, giving her arms more tone and definition.
“I can vouch that the girl eats a lot,” O’Dell added in Richards’ defense. “She’s just naturally skinnier.”
Just last year, Richards was lauded for her fit bikini bod during a trip to the pool in November.
 

denise richards dons a bikini in colada beach








































6 Photos »



Away from the spotlight, Richards is dealing with some personal turmoil. She and her daughters are currently mourning the loss of their 13-year-old French bulldog, Hank.
“The last few months she has been working a lot and just juggling everything,” a source told The Huffington Post about the 41-year-old.
As for her career, Richards — who split from Bon Jovi rocker Richie Sambora last year — is heading back to the small screen in the upcoming ABC Family drama Socio, a drama about a 16-year-old girl returning home after being convicted of murder
But the source admits that her grueling workload and personal life has not affected her weight, crediting Richards’ determination to live a healthier lifestyle.
“It’s important for her to always instill good, healthy body image to her girls,” the insider revealed. “I don’t think she’s lost weight, maybe just leaned out a little and certainly not on purpose.”
Tell us: What do you think of Denise’s super skinny figure? Sound off in the comments, below.
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n