Lisa Marie’s Ex Hits Back Amid Child Porn Scandal: I Have Dirt On Her Too!/n
Lisa Marie’s ex-husband is fighting back after she accused him of collecting “hundreds of inappropriate photos” of children, revealing in new court documents that there are explosive secret allegations against HER too!
Michael Lockwood responded to Presley’s bombshell allegations in court documents filed on February 14 and obtained by Radar – and he did not hold back.
First, Lockwood insisted that Presley’s claims about his “sick” photo stash are “disgusting” and wrong.
Presley “has great difficulty being honest, and she rarely, if ever, accepts personal responsibility for her own wrongdoing,” he blasted.
PHOTOS: Margot Robbie Transforms Into Skater Tonya Harding For Juicy New Biopic
“I am disgusted that [Lisa Marie] described unproven allegations about me from a pending dependency court case in a declaration that she filed in this court’s publicly accessible records,” he wrote, insisting she was never supposed to speak out about the case at all.
READ Lockwood’s Explosive Filing!
“In September 2016, petitioner and I were ordered by the judge in the dependency case not to disclose the unproven allegations against both of us, and it is particularly distasteful that Petitioner has placed more value on trying to damage my reputation than on the fact that her false statements may be brought to our daughter’s attention, thereby causing them to suffer public humiliation, embarrassment, and emotional distress,” he claimed.
What’s more, the court documents allege, “in the process of trying to destroy [Michael’s] reputation with those unproven allegations, [Lisa Marie] failed to disclose that there are also unproven allegations against her in the dependency court…” and that “she violated sections of the welfare and institutions code that require such proceedings be kept confidential.”
PHOTOS: Where’s Tarek? Christina Spotted At ‘Scam’ Seminar After Explosive Divorce Filing
Lockwood’s attorney, Beatrice Fung, warned in her court-filed declaration that Presley might not be innocent when it comes to the fact that her daughters with Lockwood, eight-year-old twins Harper and Finley, have been placed in the care of DCFS.
Fung claimed there are bombshell allegations against Presley, too, which “have caused the dependency court to limit her access to the parties’ children.”
Fung and Lockwood both insisted they would not reveal the nature of those allegations, however.
But the court documents did accuse Presley of blatantly fudging her finances.
Lockwood is requesting $40,000 per month in spousal support, and says she has “grossly understated her trust fund income” in an attempt to pay him less. Presley told the court she rakes in about $100,000 per month, and he says it’s closer to $500,000. The court documents also claim that “representations about her income and the parties’ standard of living are false.”
PHOTOS: Jeremy Madix Makes Serious Move With Girlfriend Despite Past Domestic Abuse History
As Radar reported, Presley claimed in court-filed documents that the “Beverly Hills Police Department executed a search warrant and removed over 80 of [Lockwood’s] devices” after her photo discovery. She claimed, “My understanding is that Tennessee law enforcement is also conducting an investigation related to the photos and videos that I discovered.” Neither department responded to Radar’s request for comment.
Story developing.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n