Backstabbed! Rob Blindsided After Kardashian Sisters Take Blac Chyna To Court/n
The Keeping up with the Kardashians gals are letting Blac Chyna know that she needs to stop trying to make Angela Kardashian a thing — because it is never going to happen!
In May, Blac Chyna, 29, filed a request with the United States Patent & Trademark office to register her new name “Angela Kardashian” in order to make a profit from her future’ husband’s name.
But Kim, 36, Kourtney, 37, and Khloe Kardashian, 32, filed an opposition on Dec. 7 that will block the former stripper turned Rob & Chyna reality star from being granted access to using their name to make a buck — and RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned that the conniving sisters are livid!
READ THE SHOCKING COURT DOCUMENTS
“Kim, Kourtney and Khloe are furious right now and are going to do everything that they can to shut Blac Chyna’s attempts to use their last name for profit since she did not ask their permission to do this,” a source close to the Kardashian clan revealed.
To make matters worse, the insider said that “Rob had no idea that his sisters were doing this until after the papers were officially filed. When he found out, he literally freaked the f**k out!
“No one in the Kardashian family trusts Blac at all anymore because everyone sees right through her,” added the source.
Although momager, Kris Jenner, 61, was likely the mastermind behind her daughters’ opposition filing, the source told Radar that “Kris chose to keep her name out of it because she knew that if Rob thought that his mother was involved it would really set him off even more.”
PHOTOS: ‘BABY AS A PROP!’ Rob Kardashian Rakes In Extra Cash By Using Daughter Dream In New Video
But why were Kim, Kourtney and Khloe so opposed to their future in-law taking on the family name?
According to the sisters’ lawyers, Kardashian devotees would be “likely to mistakenly believe Applicant is affiliated with or endorsed by Opposers…which it is not.”
The siblings “will suffer damage including irreparable injury to their reputation and goodwill if the Opposed Mark is allowed to register,” the attorneys added.
Do you think that Blac should be allowed to use the name Angela Kardashian? Tell us your thoughts below.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n