The Hunger Games: Mockingjay, Part 2 Costume Designers Dish on Film's Splashy Wardrobe, Plus What's Happening to Effie's Closet The ends not near; it's here for The Hunger Games franchise. After years of splendid Capital .../n
The ends not near; it's here for The Hunger Games franchise.After years of splendid Capital couture wear, tributes' decked-out district costumes and—the pièce de résistance—Katniss' exquisite girl-on-fire dresses, the four-part film series will see its last flick hit theaters later this month. And for those of you who've read Suzanne Collins' books (no spoilers!), you're all too aware of the beloved characters' fates… and their badass, war-waging gear in the last installment (sayonara, Effie's cotton-candy wigs).

But before Mockingjay, Part 2's release, the folks at WWD scouted out the franchises' costume designers—known simply as Kurt and Bart—to dish on the dystopian film's splashy costumes over the last two parts, in which they worked with Jennifer Lawrence, Elizabeth Banks, Liam Hemsworth, Josh Hutcherson and the rest of the cast along with 10,000 plus extras (yup, you read that right) to create meticulously detailed looks for each and every scene.

Now let's skip on to the good stuff—how the heck does Elizabeth Effie fare survive without her ridiculous avant-garde getups?!"I think it was almost more interesting though for us to think about her in a new way and to strip her down. We had to think about what she would do when put in that situation—where she didn't have her fluffy skirts and McQueen corsets," Kurt told WWD. "She was handed five pieces of clothing when she got to District 13 and she had to figure out what she'd do with them. That said, luckily, in Part 2 we do have two or three outfits for her when she gets back to the capital and they're pretty fantastic ensembles."We thought about what Effie would do once she was able to go home and had her clothes and how she's maybe changed by the experience of 13," he elaborated. "There's a subtle change — a bit less fluff to her, less makeup. It's a beautiful trajectory for her."

And then of course, there were JLaw's many action-packed stunts to consider in costuming the Oscar-winning actress."Jen informed a lot of the design in that sense," Bart weighed in. "When we did our first draft at the first fitting, she'd go running across the room with her bow and arrow so we could figure out what we needed to tweak in terms of mobility and function. Because there's so much combat and action, the functionality really needed to lead the design."Excited yet? 'Cause we definitely are. But, you'll have to wait to see all of Kurt and Bart's elaborate work when Mockingjay, Part 2 hits theaters Nov. 20.
/n