 'I'm In Love With A Murderer!' O.J. Makes Stunning Confession — What His Ex-GF Knew!.../n
In a bombshell world exclusive, RadarOnline.com has uncovered never-before-seen video of O.J. Simpson confessing the truth about what his ex-girlfriend, Paula Barbieri, really knew about the murders that changed his life forever. What’s more, in the jaw-dropping clip, Simpson claims that Barbieri demanded he pay her one million dollars in hush money to keep quiet!
Radar’s never-before-seen exclusive footage was shot at Simpson’s Rockingham mansion on September 17, 1997, a day before the bank seized the property, and a year after a jury acquitted the former NFL star of the brutal murders of Nicole Brown Simpson and Ron Goldman.
Wearing a red, white and blue Riviera Country Club polo shirt in the clip, Simpson goes from sitting in the driver’s seat of his black SUV to removing a flag from a pole in his yard, all while discussing Barbieri’s alleged attempt to blackmail him into buying her silence. Barbieri was scheduled to appear on a talk show at the time.
PHOTOS: TV Show Of The Century? It’s Selma Blair As Kris Jenner, David Schwimmer As Robert Kardashian & More On Set For ‘American Crime Story: The People V. OJ Simpson’
“I can’t wait to see what Paula’s going to say,” Simpson says to his then-agent Mike Gilbert in the video.
Gilbert explains Barbieri will probably respond to those who wonder why she didn’t “tell anyone” about the murders.
Simpson speculates, “Paula says, ‘Well I don’t know. If it was true, that meant I was in love with a murderer.’ Whatever that meant.”
PHOTOS: Cuba Gooding Channels O.J. Simpson On ‘American Crime Story’ Set In L.A. –– 10 New Shocking Shots From Filming
“It’s that same old titillating [thing],” he rants.
Simpson then drops the bombshell: He believes that Barbieri is going to lie on the show, and he claims that she tried to make him pay her an exorbitant amount of money to stay quiet.
“They’re going to say ‘And you took no money?’ They forget that when I went down there, Paula wanted $1 million,” he says, laughing, “Wasn’t like she didn’t wanted any money, she wanted more money!”
PHOTOS: O.J. Simpson Murder Trial: Bloody Crime Scene Photos!
When news of the slayings broke, Barbieri had distanced herself from Simpson, claiming that she broke up with him via voicemail on the night of the murders. She said that may have set him off in a rage.
“She says she left you a 15 minute message on your car phone,” Gilbert reminds Simpson in the video, and he hits back hard.
“First of all, the police know that’s not true because they looked at my voicemail and there’s not a 15-minute phone call,” he claimed. “They checked my messages, and they know there’s no 15-minute message … We’ve got the records of how long a message was.”
PHOTOS: Celebs Involved in Murder
“You can’t leave a message longer than 1 minute,” Gilbert says. But then, shockingly, Simpson suggests that he DID listen to such a message.
“I didn’t get the message until later,” he admits. ” What do they mean they didn’t tell anybody? That was all in the records of the case. All total sh*t that was in the record of the case.”
Watch the never-before-seen footage of Simpson only on Radar. What do you think about the shocking video? Sound off in comments below. /n