 Caitlyn Jenner Eyes Male Strippers At Gay Bar On 'I Am Cait': 'I Certainly Wouldn't Say.../n
Caitlyn Jenner has claimed for weeks that she would still date women exclusively after her transition, but this week’s episode of I Am Cait seemed to suggest otherwise!
On Sunday night’s episode, Jenner and BFF Candis Cayne headed to West Hollywood gay bar The Abbey for a girls’ night out — and Jenner was immediately overwhelmed by the male flesh on display.
Checking out the hunky go-go dancers clad in thongs, she joked, “I think the guys are stuffing [their underwear].”
PHOTOS: She’s Out & About! Caitlyn Jenner In Public For First Time Since ‘Vanity Fair’ Blockbuster –– What She Did Explained In 10 Photos
And though Cayne pushed Jenner to go “visit” the guys on stage, she stayed at her table, sometimes peeking through her manicured fingers to watch the male and female dancers shake it.
“It’s absolutely overwhelming,” Jenner later said of her new life as a bachelorette. “It might be too much. It scares me to death. It’s honestly like being fed to the wolves.”
As Radar reported, although Jenner initially insisted she planned to date women exclusively post-transistion, that position has shifted slightly in recent weeks.
Insiders told Radar that she’s secretly entertained the idea of dating men for a while, and on Sunday night’s episode she admitted, “It would be very attractive to me to have a guy treat me like a woman.”
PHOTOS: Church Lady Caitlyxn Jenner ‘Knows Jesus,’ Her Pastor Reveals — But Is She A Better Christian Than Kris?
But meanwhile, she called pal Cayne “hot as hell,” and Cayne herself insisted, “I think that Cait is probably … my gut says that she is attracted to women.”
In the end, Jenner seemed fine with postponing the dating life for now. “I have no idea what the future holds when it comes to dating and relationships and all that kind of stuff,” she said, “but I certainly wouldn’t say no to anything !”
For a reminder, however, that dating is hardly the most difficult part of being trans, Jenner and her pals visited Camp Aranu’tiq, which counsels transgender youth.
PHOTOS: Mom Came Around — Esther Jenner Will Finally Accept Caitlyn! 8 New Photos Of Daughter!
“One of the big problems of being trans, especially as a youth, is you really isolate,” she admitted. “You feel like you are the only person in the world that is trans. To find people that they can identify with, that they can be friends with, is so very important.”
And so while Jenner does not yet have a girlfriend or boyfriend — or know which one she wants! — her new circle of girlfriends, including Cayne, will be by her side as she tries to figure it out.
Do you think Jenner will find love with a man or woman? Let us know in the comments. /n