Ben Affleck Makes His Tenth Humanitarian Trip to Congo: 'My Heart Will Forever Be There with Them'
/n
Ben Affleck is keeping a long-standing promise.
The actor revealed on social media Tuesday that he just returned from a week-long “listening and learning trip” trip to eastern Congo, the African country he has committed to helping via his Eastern Congo Initiative — and which he has already visited nine times.
“Seven years ago, I founded Eastern Congo Initiative (ECI), a grant making and advocacy organization, focused on investing directly in the Congolese people,” the Justice League actor shared in the Facebook and Instagram posts. “I feel beyond fortunate to have had the opportunity to again return to Congo, seeing friends, visiting with longtime grantees, and some of our newest partners.”





 Just got home from a listening and learning trip throughout rural eastern Congo. Seven years ago, I founded @EasternCongo Initiative (www.easterncongo.org), a grant making and advocacy organization, focused on investing directly in the Congolese people. I feel beyond fortunate to have had the opportunity to again return to Congo, seeing friends, visiting with longtime grantees, and some of our newest partners.  Hard to believe this was my tenth trip to such an amazing place, a country I have fallen in love with. During my week-long visit, I visited several coffee communities and many of our community-based partners in the field. I also saw the positive impact Starbucks' investment in the coffee sector is making to thousands of families along Lake Kivu.  Additionally, I spent an afternoon with women and girls, one as young as 7, who have survived horrific sexual violence. Thanks to the extraordinary work of our long-time grantee La Dynamique des Femmes Jurists (http://www.dfj-rdc.org), these brave women and girls are being provided judicial services to bring their cases to court, receive medical support and psychological counseling.  It was also stunning to trek into Virunga – the African continent’s very first National Park – to witness a family of Mountain Gorillas in the wild, alongside the inimitable Chief Warden Emmanuel de Merode and the park’s valiant rangers. (www.virunga.org)  I am hopeful that they will continue to win the fight against the ongoing threats of oil exploration and violence towards the gorillas in this precious place.  Every time I visit, I leave even more inspired there will be a brighter and more peaceful future for the Congolese. The challenges are real, and the road is long, but the Congolese are the hardest working and most hopeful people I know.  We often speak of heroes – I count these among the many.  It’s the honor of a lifetime to support Congo.  My heart will forever be there with them.
A post shared by Ben Affleck (@benaffleck) on Jun 5, 2017 at 3:21pm PDT


 
During his visit, Affleck checked in with a few programs that have benefited from the initiative, including an organization that helps women and girls who are survivors of sexual abuse obtain legal help, medical support and counseling.
He also visited the continent’s first national park, Virunga, and witnessed the work of rangers who protect the wilderness area from outside threats such as oil exploitation and violence towards the animals.
“Every time I visit, I leave even more inspired there will be a brighter and more peaceful future for the Congolese,” concludes Affleck, who completed treatment for alcohol addiction earlier this year and returns as Batman in Justice League, out in November. “The challenges are real, and the road is long, but the Congolese are the hardest working and most hopeful people I know. We often speak of heroes – I count these among the many. It’s the honor of a lifetime to support Congo. My heart will forever be there with them.”
/n