Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay Can't Help But Gush About Her 'Hopeless Romantic' Fiancé!/n

Rachel Lindsay knows she made the right call.
As we previously reported, the Bachelorette star's hometown visits with her final four suitors ended in heartbreak as she decided to send Dean Unglert packing. While fans were devastated to see the startup recruiter kicked to the curb following an emotionally challenging visit home, the powerhouse attorney knows she made the right decision as she couldn't be more in love with her fiancé — who is either Peter Kraus, Bryan Abasolo, or Eric Bigger.
Related: Corinne Will Face DeMario In The BIP Reunion Show!
During a chat with People at the Sports Illustrated Fashionable 50 event in Hollywood, the reality TV starlet gushed: 
"I love my fiancé. I just saw him yesterday. We just finished having our little rendezvous. We called it Happy Couples Weekend. Every time I spend more time with him, it's even better."
Awwww. Now, despite being happy AF, the couple is currently struggling with the baggage that comes with dating on TV. On what it's like to watch the ABC dating competition alongside her man, Miz Lindsay continued:
"I try to anticipate every single situation, but there are some things you just can't prepare yourself for. He watches every [episode], and then we talk about it, and we move on. But that's us.
He's got to answer to family and friends, and so do I. And that's the kind of stuff we didn't prepare for — that's what makes it a little harder."
Hmmm, sounds like Rachel's fiancé's family is a little overbearing — does that mean BRYAN is her soon-to-be-husband??? LOLz.
In regards to when the love birds plan to walk down the aisle, Rachel dished:
"In this world, because we're getting to know each other in a different way, I want to wait at least a year from the time that we got engaged. So ideally, I'd like to get married next year, but who knows? We'll see what happens."
Fair enough. As for her fiancé's thoughts on their upcoming nuptials, the Dallas-based lawyer quipped:
"He's more of a hopeless romantic than I am! So he wants to wait a year too, but probably sooner. I think he's just following my lead."
Smart man. We're wishing Rachel and her fiancé only the best during this exciting time!
P.S. Rachel, feel free to give us ANY clues about the identity of your fiancé.
[Image via ABC/Eugene Powers/WENN.]
/n