Forget Covfefe! Donald Trump Just Announced U.S. Withdrawing From Paris Climate Accord — See What Celebs, Scientists, & More Have To Say!/n

Dammit.
Donald Trump just officially pulled the U.S. out of the Paris Climate Accord. The agreement, negotiated by 195 United Nations countries, was ratified in order to slow the damage being done to the environment.
Video: Late Night Hosts Hilariously Break Down Trump's 'Covfefe' Blunder! Watch!
But of course a man who doesn't believe in climate change at all — and who always makes the worst decision in every case — would declare it a "bad deal."
Here are his brief, money-centric words on the matter: 

"I am fighting every day for the great people of this country. Therefore, in order to fulfill my solemn duty to protect America and its citizens, the United States will withdraw from the Paris Climate Accord but begin negotiations to re-enter either the Paris Accord or an entirely new transaction with terms that are fair to the United States, its businesses, its workers, its people, its taxpayers. So we're getting out, but we'll start to negotiate and
We'll see if we can make a deal that's fair. And if we can, that's great. If we can't, that's fine."
That's FINE??
How is it fine? You're risking the future of the entire planet for a better deal?? Here's the Orange One himself:


BREAKING: Pres. Trump announces he is withdrawing the U.S. from Paris Agreement, a UN sponsored accord to help slow climate change. pic.twitter.com/HGDzk7rxCv
— Good Morning America (@GMA) June 1, 2017

Obviously, we weren't the only ones disgusted by this.
Here are some of the best reactions from stars, politicians, scientists, and more!

So Kathy Griffin is more harmful to Barron Trump than global warming. Got it.
— billy eichner (@billyeichner) June 1, 2017


Trump says the world won't laugh at us any more. It's worse. They're going to go out of their way to avoid us, sidestep us, shun us.
— ABFoundation (@ABFalecbaldwin) June 1, 2017


Trump is having the U.S. pull out of the Paris Climate Accord. Too bad someone didn't tell his father that he shoulda pulled out, too.
— George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) June 1, 2017


There are only two other countries not in the Paris Climate Accord - Nicaragua and Syria.
— Alyssa Milano (@Alyssa_Milano) June 1, 2017


If I and my advisors had never learned what Science is or how & why it works, then I’d consider pulling out of the Paris Climate Accord too.
— Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) June 1, 2017


Withdrawing from the Paris climate agreement would be a horrific mistake. This extraordinary crisis calls out for international cooperation.
— Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) May 31, 2017


.@POTUS withdrawal from Paris Accord will forever damage our planet and our standing in the world. There is no Planet B, Mr. President.
— Adam Schiff (@RepAdamSchiff) June 1, 2017


I've covered climate talks. Of all the arguments to leave Paris, the idea that walking away will force a *better* deal is maybe the worst.
— Jim Tankersley (@jimtankersley) June 1, 2017


7/10 Americans support remaining in the Paris agreement, with majorities in *every* state https://t.co/3HtMB0LCph
— Lucia Graves (@lucia_graves) June 1, 2017


Put differently: By a 5-1 margin, voters say US should uphold Paris agreement pic.twitter.com/SAcD11uNoe
— Lucia Graves (@lucia_graves) June 1, 2017


On this day, June 1st, 2017: The USA ceased to be the leader of the free world after backing out of the Paris Accord. #ActOnClimate pic.twitter.com/Z1mWVE0yq4
— Mark Curtis (@MarkCM07) June 1, 2017


The Paris Accord will survive. We will hardly benefit from this move and the costs to US standing will be enormous. Awful day for America.
— Elliott Lusztig (@ezlusztig) June 1, 2017


Hey @weatherchannel — I see you.
Wow. pic.twitter.com/wOWEop67Qj
— Scott Gustin (@ScottGustin) June 1, 2017

[Image via CNN.]
/n