 Casey Anthony's Parents Sell Off Caylee's Toys In Yard Sale - Exclusive Photos & Video.../n
Casey Anthony‘s parents, Cindy and George, recently held a yard sale at her grandparent’s home in Mount Dora, Fla., unloading tons of Caylee‘s toys and clothes — and only RadarOnline.com has exclusive details, photos and video.
According to Florida resident Christina Werner, she stumbled upon the yard sale on June 28 where she purchased a bunch of Caylee’s items and then went back the next day to pick up more items, videotaping the entire encounter with Cindy and George.
EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: Casey Anthony’s Parents Hold Yard Sale, Sell Of Caylee’s Toys
“I drove by and noticed the house looked familiar to me. I had seen this house before. I got close and noticed that the people outside really looked like George and Cindy Anthony. It was the home of Casey Anthony’s grandparents,” Christina told Radar in an exclusive interview.
“When I pulled up, they were taking tarps off the yard sale items that were covered due to the rain. I immediately noticed the two white canopies over the yard sale tables because they looked like the tents used in the search for Caylee.”
Christina tells Radar she immediately started looking for items related to Caylee and Casey because she seemed to be the only one at the sale that realized who they were.
[radar_embed service=5min.com src=”http://pshared.5min.com/Scripts/PlayerSeed.js?sid=1126&width=570&height=351&playList=517848827&sequential=1&shuffle=0″]
“They were very friendly and warmed up to me, but I think it’s because they felt I did not know who they were. I spent almost two hours with them that day,” she says.
PHOTOS: Celebs Involved In Murder
“I ended up finding items of Caylee’s that seemed to be mixed up with other things. I also found pants and purses of Casey’s.
And even though Christina says George and Cindy were nice, she tells Radar they weren’t necessarily nice to each other, arguing at the yard sale.
“It was very uncomfortable dealing with them,” she says.
“They would get into little arguments throughout the time I was there. Cindy definitely controls everything in that family, for sure!”
PHOTOS: Casey Anthony’s Secret Wild Life
Christina bought a lot of Casey’s purses and says Cindy became upset with George when he gave her a discount on the items.
“When it came time to buy the items, he did not tell Cindy he had discounted the purses and she was so upset about that,” she said.
“She began yelling at him and said he should have told her. I think the difference may have been a whole ten dollars, but she was upset.”
In the photos obtained exclusively by Radar, Christina bought plenty of children’s items that she claims once belonged to Caylee — among them, toy heart lockets, a children’s travel set with garment bag, a Winnie-the-Pooh backpack, a Tigger bag and a couple of teddy bears.
PHOTOS: Casey Anthony Released From Jail
Christina went back to the home the next day, June 29, to pick up a few more items and videotaped her interaction with the Anthony’s, which was exclusively obtained by Radar.
“Cindy invited me in the home again, we talked and I negotiated on a couple of paintings,” Christina says.
“Again, Cindy got upset with George when he tried to help locate the paintings I wanted and she told him not to. She said they were having another sale and that I could get the paintings then.”
After the surreal experience with Tot-Mom’s parents, Christina says she just can’t believe they were selling off their beloved granddaughter’s belongings.
PHOTOS: Casey Anthony In Court For Sentencing
“I simply will never understand how these grandparents can put a price tag on Caylee’s items. I can understand Casey’s things, but I will never understand how they could part with these things at a yard sale!” Christina says.
“You would think if they were trying to just move on and get over things they would donate the items, not throw them on a table with a neon two dollar yard sale sticker.”
As Radar exclusively reported last month, Casey, Cindy and George are all slated to be deposed on July 22 by Texas Equusearch Mounted Search and Recovery regarding her bankruptcy filing.
Casey filed for Chapter 7 bankruptcy with the Middle District of Florida Bankruptcy Court in January citing only $1,084 in personal property and $792,119.23 in liabilities.
See highlights of the video footage at the Anthony’s yard sale above and the full, unedited version below.
[radar_embed service=5min.com src=”http://pshared.5min.com/Scripts/PlayerSeed.js?sid=1126&width=570&height=351&playList=517848828&sequential=1&shuffle=0″] /n