Team Callie or Team Arizona? Grey's Anatomy Fans Have Spoken and the Winner Is... The fight over Sofia's custody is officially a full-blown battle. Last week on Grey's Anatomy, Callie (Sara Ramirez) and Arizona (Jessica Capsha.../n
The fight over Sofia's custody is officially a full-blown battle.Last week on Grey's Anatomy, Callie (Sara Ramirez) and Arizona (Jessica Capshaw) began rallying the Grey Sloan Memorial troops as they ran about the hospital to make sure that they each had friends willing to go to the mat for them in their impending custody hearing. After an hour of scurrying, they both seemed to come up a bit short, with Meredith (Ellen Pompeo) and Owen (Kevin McKidd) pledging their allegiance to Team Callie, while Team Arizona only seemed able to muster up BFF Webber's (James Pickens Jr.) support.But what about the support of the fans at home?

After last week's episode, we asked you whose side you were on. Well, the votes have been tallied and we have a clear winner with the fans at home. It looks like a lot of you out there aren't cool with Callie making decisions about Sofia without consulting her ex-wife first because, with 48.38 percent of the vote, Arizona came out the victor in terms of support. In a close second, with 37.99 percent of the vote, were those of you who refused to pick a team, instead only wanting what's best for Sofia. And in dead last, with 13.63 percent of the vote, was Callie. Both Callie and Arizona are going to need all the support they can get because tonight, they're entering the court room and only one of them is walking out with custody of their daughter. Will it be the birth mother who wants to uproot her daughter's life to follow her girlfriend across the country or the adoptive mother who doesn't want to have to give up time with her kid just to make her ex-wife happy? And will the ensuing fight tear Grey Sloan Memorial apart in the process when everyone is forced to testify? Time will only tell.Are you surprised by the results of the vote? Who do you think will win full custody? Sound off in the comments below!Grey's Anatomy airs Thursdays at 8 p.m. on ABC.
/n