to…finally get to the core of what's happened and show how Ben is a lot more fragile…than he lets on." V_Marie15 (via Twitter): Anything on Sam and Addie from Private Practice? Don't hold your breath for Sam (Taye Diggs) to fa.../n
I know what you longtime readers are thinking: Hooray! It's the hottest week of the year for TV scoop!After all, everyone who works in the TV biz is currently doing, um...nothing whatsoever related to TV. But that hasn't stopped me from digging up some scoopalicious answers to some of your burning TV questions, like what is ahead for Glee's Brittany and Santana (and how Heather Morris feels about it), and what goodness is up ahead for Vampire Diaries, Survivor, Gossip Girl, Supernatural, Smallville, The Office, Parks & Recreation, CSI: NY and, well, the list goes on...

Dani: Looking for scoop on The Office, please!Could John Krasinski's real-life wife be coming to Dunder Mifflin? We just caught up with Emily Blunt at the Gulliver's Travels junket, and she tells us she's totally interested in an Office gig: "I'm like clawing at the door. Oh yeah, I would love to do it! They're like, 'No, sorry.' John obviously has some loyalty to Jenna Fischer, I guess. I'm just aiming too high…" Who says E.B. has to be a love interest for Jim? Why not another potential final True Love for Michael Scott? I just don't want him alone after his epic flub-up with Holly.Cathy in Coronado: The upcoming Survivor: Redemption Island sounds totally cool, but what happened to the rumors that the season was going to be Boston Rob vs. Russell? Keep the faith, sister-pants. True, Jeff Probst didn't mention the archenemies when he previewed the 22nd season (which premieres Feb. 16), but remember, the exciting new twist centers around a duel. And riddle me this: What were both Rob and Russell doing in the Nicaragua finale's studio audience...and why was Rob overheard comparing L.A.'s recent showers to Nicaragua's rainy season?Helen: OK, what is up with Leighton Meester leaving Gossip Girl? Is she really leaving? Since so many of you are still asking about this, we should let you know the latest from Lay-Lay. (She once awesomely questioned my choice of pants with what "clearly is a dress" so I consider us BFFs and on a nickname basis.) The lowdown is this: My E! Online colleague Marc Malkinasked her how much longer she'll be on the show, and she said, "Two more years." Then, when we met up with Leighton late last week, she was a bit more cautious, saying: "I don't know. I can't predict the future. I have no idea. And now everyone's asking me because you [Malkin] asked me the other day! Everyone's like, 'You're leaving.' I'm not, I don't know. Our contracts are up in two years. I mean you never know. I don't know what'll happen." So there is one rumor we can shoot down: Leighton is not leaving the show to join Psychic Friends Network. Also, I sorta heart this girl all the more for speaking her mind—whether it's about shirts-versus-dresses or contracts.@EJMorrell (via Twitter): Here's a question: Why oh why is Eureka not coming back until the summer?!As star Colin Ferguson told us earlier this month, "We'd love to be on a show that aired year-round, or 22 episodes. So the fans' feelings are echoed [but we] don't have same resources as a major network." What did you guys think of the Christmas episodes?

Monica: Glee me! I'm hoping for some Brittana scoop! Will they ever get together as was promised?How's this for a Christmas gift for you!? A source who insists they be called "Santittany" tells me that there will be developments between Brittany and Santana. And soon. And that should make Heather Morris herself very happy! We just talked to her about her new Flirt! cosmetics endorsement deal, and when asked about Brittany and Santana hooking up, she said, "Oh God…not that I know of. But I hope so. I miss [Santana]! We have such good stuff. It's not that I don't love mine and Artie's relationship but…" Speaking of that pairing, Lea Michele told us, "I love Artie and Brittany. And oh my God, he sings a song to her in the Valentine's Day episode that is adorable so I'm really loving them right now. " However, when we asked Heather what that song might be, she said, "I don't think I can reveal that. And I actually don't know because the episode just changed." Hmmm…Stella: I'm so excited for the Super Bowl episode! Tell me everything!HeMo reveals, "We're going to think that I'm not [in the "Thriller" number], but then I am in the end." Can't wait!

Sara in Dearborn, Michigan:  Are Serena and Ben going to be together and what's going to happen with Dan and Blair, are they going to be together? There's definitely more to Ben's story, as he'll be sticking around longer than his obnoxo-socks sister Juliet (Katie Cassidy) so look for some sparkage to fly. As for Dan and Blair, I am bound and gagged, but FYI to you who sent me "lovely" messages regarding my last mention of them, I'm really not a Dan and Blair shipper, I just liked their chemistry as a sleuthy spy team. In fact, I'm not a G.G. shipper at all. I have far greater G.G. issues to occupy my mind. Like how I can incorporate Taylor Momsen's look into my Mommy and Me playdate outfits. Thoughts?@Elliemacb (via Twitter): Any news on Vampire Diaries' Klaus? Have they cast him yet? Any other scoops on TVD? No Klaus yet. I hear casting him is a tall task because the dude has to be intimidating enough to make even Damon "shake in his boots," per Ian Somerhalder. "[Klaus] is the most powerful," Ian tells me. "He's the guy you don't want to be in a room with. Ever…In order to kill these guys [the originals], there's such a process."Indigo: I am really loving Bonnie and Jeremy on The Vampire Diaries. But do they stand a chance at real coupledom? That is one question we will tackle tomorrow during a shopping trip with Bonnie herself, Katerina Graham. (A girl's gotta get her scoop in while Xmas shopping, right? What's that thing about the birds and the stone?) Any more questions you have for Katerina? Send 'em to tvdiva@eonline.com or tweet me @KristinDSantos.

MusicandGreys (via Twitter): Any spoilers for Calzona? Tell me Callie's not gonna be pregnant.Actually, we can't tell you that, because we too are freaking out about the Jan. 16 episode of Grey's Anatomy, which is rumored to be all about how "Arizona tries to reconcile with Callie, who has big news to share." Callie (Sara Ramirez) getting pregnant by Mark (Eric Dane), fulfilling her great wish—but with the wrong person—and totally complicating her relationship with Arizona (Jessica Capshaw), is exactly the kind of traumatizing plotline we've learned to expect from the writers of Shondaland. But who knows, maybe it all works out for the best? Maybe there is a Santy Claus, after all?!@cheesybones (via Twitter): Supernatural or Smallville scoops would be good. I feel a spoiler drought forming.Now why on Earth would there be a lack of anything to talk about at the end of December? This town is just bursting with TV happenings and scoop! OK, not really, but I did dig you up some scoop because I like you: There will be a Supernatural episode where Sam remembers the cases he was on when he came back from hell.@c_youth (via Twitter): Any spoiler about the future Chlollie? I'm so curious about them. Can't spill anything about the coupling (sorry) but I can tell you what Chloe (Allison Mack) will be up to when she returns to Smallville: She'll be helping to rescue the heroes after what happened in the most recent episode. Prepare for awesomeness!Ellie: Are we going learn more about Ben Sherman's past on Southland?We sure will! Ben McKenzie tells us that in episode three, the man who raped Officer Ben Sherman's mother will be released from prison and that "tips off a pretty intense series of events." You know how Officer Sherman is a little brooding, a little mysterious and a lot sexy? Apparently he's put up a wall around him since this past trauma. McKenzie says, "I think it's a chance to…finally get to the core of what's happened and show how Ben is a lot more fragile…than he lets on."V_Marie15 (via Twitter): Anything on Sam and Addie from Private Practice?Don't hold your breath for Sam (Taye Diggs) to father a baby with Addison (Kate Walsh). Taye recently told us that Sam's pretty full up on family commitments already, saying, "I obviously have a child and grandchild. And she still wants a baby. Can't a brother get a break?!" Sure. And you can get a laugh, too.

Mego: Any Parks & Recreation news? It's the best show on the planet!Just that I'm tinkle-giddy excited (yes, that is a new cool-kid phrase…as of right this minute) that P-Rex is coming back, because the new episodes (especially the one with Megan Mullally) are not to be missed. More importantly, during a set visit to the show last week, Amy Poehler and Aziz Ansari gave me some major scoop! George Clooney and Arnold Schwarzenegger are going to guest star!! At least, I think they were serious. (Comedians wouldn't lie would they?) You be the judge:Amy: "We have a lot of big guest stars, we have Megan Mullally, Will Forte, Parker Posey. And George Clooney is in every episode but we had to cut him out. He just wasn't bringing it."Aziz: "I would like Arnold Schwarzenegger to play Tom Haverford's brother. And it's just explained that he's just my older brother. That actually would be a great spinoff show, Tom and Arnold. He'd be playing himself."Joe: Anything on Hawaii Five-0?Scary wave alert! In episode 15, the Five-0 crew has to find an important ocean scientist who's gone missing just as Hawaiian islanders are facing the possibility of a devastating tsunami. And if you missed it, check out our scoopy interview with Hawaii Five-0 boss Peter Lenkov! He promised redemption for Chin Ho, a romance for Kono, family drama for Danny and an ever-more-dangerous archnemesis for McGarrett.@Kiddos1138 (via Twitter): All things Castle please!We've got two words for you about the Castle ep airing Jan. 3: Marriage. Proposal. Oh yeah.

Reza: Modern Family!Just in time for Valentine's Day, Mitchell's assistant will start meddling in Cam and Mitchell's marriage. Cam defends his relationship, but he soon realizes there's more to the story than he first suspected.GB: All I want for Christmas is scoop on Spartacus: Gods of the Arena!The scoop on Spartacus: Gods of the Arena is that it's awesome. If you forced us to name the three most memorable elements so far, we'd have to say everything that comes out of John Hannah's mouth, the blindfolded fight scene and the love scene between Lucy Lawless and Lila from Dexter (Jamie Murray). Rowr. Gods of the Arena airs Jan. 21 at 10 p.m. on Starz.Ellen: I'd love some Parenthood scoop!Peter Krause tells us that Adam's new young boss, who made a fortune off of a video game app and was fan of T&S Footwear, gives Adam a lollipop. Sounds innocent enough, right? Wrong! Krause says, "Unbeknownst to Adam the lollipop is medical lollipop, a prescription lollipop." No doubt hilarious Braverman hijinxs will ensue.

@lizdelayne (via Twitter): Do you have any info on something Danny/Lindsay from #CSINY?We actually have tons of scoop for you on Danny-Lindsay, direct from the CSI: NY producers, but we're saving most of it until before the next new ep airs on Jan. 7. (Don't hate us!) In the meantime, just to whet your appetite, we will share this one little tease: "You'll be happy to know in an upcoming episode Lindsay and Danny work to decipher a puzzle hidden inside a New York landmark." Yay romantic teamwork.Alex: Anything on The Big Bang Theory?Sheldon's (Jim Parsons) social maladjustment is going to be an even bigger problem than usual when he is expected to make nice with a potential university benefactor from a hoity-toity background who expects everything to be just so. Who knows—maybe Sheldon will surprise us by revealing his perfect manners from years of cotillion training!Tiffany: I'm looking for Robin-Barney scoop on How I Met Your Mother—help?Sorry, nothing on the horizon right now. In fact, one of Robin's work friends, a fellow newswoman named Sarah, connects with Barney at a "female solidarity Valentine's Day" party at the bar. Wha-wha.@TiggerTutorGrl (via Twitter): MICHAEL/NIKITA SCOOP PLEASE!!! <3333 I would love to pony up something earth-shatteringly good, since so many of you have been asking via Twitter (ditto Finchel and Wemma on Glee) but according to sources, there's really nothing happening with Michael/Nikita for the time being. I'm told the focus is going to be on Alex for a little while now that she's out of Division.@pinstripes51 (via Twitter): Any clues as to who shot Paul on Desperate Housewives? It is someone you already know. And can I just say for the gazillionth time after the most recent episode—in which a full-on violent riot broke out over a planned halfway house, followed by a morning-after shooting: WHY DO PEOPLE LIVE ON WISTERIA LANE? Can't they all find another lovely suburban 'hood somewhere that hasn't had murders, hit-and-runs, tornadoes, fires, plane crashes and all kinds of psychopaths circling? Or am I a bore for not wanting to live there?Note: There will be no Spoiler Chat on Dec. 27 because your TV scoop elves will be sleeping. Meanwhile, don't forget to keep participating in our Best TV Show of 2010 Tournament. Round three opens Tuesday morning, so get in your round two votes in now!—Additional reporting by Jennifer Arrow, Christina Dowling, Cristina Gibson and Drusilla Moorhouse
/n