Corey Feldman Won't Attend Corey Haim's Funeral /n
Corey Feldman says he will not be attending the funeral of his close friend and frequent co-star Corey Haim, RadarOnline.com can reveal.
Haim – star of such films as The Lost Boys, Lucas and Murphy’s Romance, will be laid to rest Tuesday in Toronto, where the former child star was born.
EXCLUSIVE VIDEO INTERVIEW: Doctor Told Corey Haim His Heart & Liver ‘Couldn’t Take Much More’
In a statement, Feldman said:  “In the days following my best friend Corey Haim’s death, I have spent much time with his mother Judy, who has always been like a mother to me. I would love nothing more than to be by her side at Corey’s funeral, however, due to their strong religious beliefs and need for privacy, the family has decided to make Corey’s funeral on Tuesday a small private affair.
PHOTOS: Corey Haim Through The Years
“Understanding the recent media attention and to be respectful of the family’s wishes, I have decided not to attend.
“Instead, I will remain in Los Angeles quietly mourning and planning his memorial. As a sign of respect, I am asking the media to honor Corey Haim by making the same choice. I am working with a few people who were close to Corey to put a memorial together within the next month. At that time, the media will be invited to honor and celebrate the legacy he has left behind, along with friends, fans and the rest of the Hollywood community.”
PHOTOS: Stars Who Died Young
As RadarOnline.com previously reported, Haim died March 10 in Los Angeles at the age 38.  He was rushed to the hospital after complaining of flu-like symptoms and feeling weak.
Authorities later found several prescription medications in Haim’s apartment, and have said he died of a possible drug overdose.
INTERVIEW: Haim’s Mom Reveals He Was Helping Her In Cancer Battle
However, an autopsy performed on Haim has been ruled inconclusive until results of toxicology tests come back.
PHOTOS: Troubled Child Stars
California Attorney General Edmund G. Brown Jr. said Friday that Haim’s death has been linked to an illegal prescription drug ring. /n