Little Mix Responds to Claims That Their New Single Rips Off Another Girl Group and More Celebrity News/n





                    Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall Reveals She Suffered Anorexia as a Teen
                







Little Mix's Perrie Edwards isn't the only one to have dropped a big bombshell...

 MORE >>





We’ve searched the Internet for all the latest celebrity news featuring everyone from Taylor Swift to Brad Pitt, Donald Trump to Mariah Carey, and more!

Check out how Taylor Swift commemorated the ten-year anniversary of her first album’s release today! [Us Weekly]
As you probably heard, another woman, a porn star named Jessica Drake, has come forward claiming Donald Trump kissed her without permission years ago. Check out Trump’s shocking response! [TMZ]
Halloween may still be a week away but some celebs are already celebrating. Check out Mariah Carey’s devilish duds! [Lainey Gossip]
The poster for the new thriller Allied was released featuring Brad Pitt and Marion Cotillard striking a very steamy pose together. Take a peek at their near-lip-lock! [ComingSoon.net]
Start the week out right by taking a gander at model Jorrit Berndsen’s pristine physique for Male Model Mondays! [Socialite Life]
Little Mix is coming under fire for the blatant similarities between their song “Shout Out to My Ex” and the G.R.L. track “Ugly Heart.” Here’s their response… [MTV]


Inside Angelina Jolie's Post-Brad Pitt Split Crash Pad








































51 Photos »


ICYMI from Celebuzz:

Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian to Keep Separate Living Arrangements for Now
Lady Gaga Talks Taylor Kinney and Underwear Glue with Howard Stern
Major ‘Game of Thrones’ Spoiler! Two of Your Fave Characters Are Going to Meet in Season 7 
Katy Perry and Taylor Swift Probably Had the Most Awkward Night Ever at Drake’s Birthday Party
Britney Spears Almost Flashed the Audience When She Suffered a Wardrobe Malfunction on Stage

 
Also, check out our latest installment of Celebuzz’d. Host Mia Lardiere chats with Daphne Oz about her new cookbook The Happy Cook and fellow Celebuzz editor Matt Russoniello drops by to discuss Lady Gaga’s new, intimate album Joanne.

/n