Aaron Carter Dives Deeper Into Feud With Brother Nick Carter/n

It's always sad seeing a family torn apart…
On Monday, Aaron Carter appeared on Elvis Duran and the Morning Show where he opened up about his tumultuous relationship with brother Nick Carter.
After his July 15 arrest where he was charged with a DUI, Nick posted a message on Twitter telling his younger sibling, "if u feel the need to reach for help, I am here and willing to help you get better."
Related: Aaron Carter Comes Out As Bisexual
ICYMI, the Aaron's Party singer clapped back by writing:
"If my own blood truly cared about my well-being, why wouldn't he call me directly and have a conversation instead of making this about him through a very public forum?"
The 29-year-old told Duran their feud stems from their 2006 reality TV show, House of Carters. 
"I remember watching when I did the House of Carters show with my family — I remember watching the first episode, and within the 20 minutes, I saw my brother and his best friend making fun of me and my beats… 'Oh, did you hear Aaron's beat?' And they're laughing at me, and I'm sitting with all of my friends in the living room watching this, and I'm really embarrassed. I was like, 'Why would you do that?"'
Aaron still harbors resentment toward Nick about his tweet, and reveals he sees the Backstreet Boys star "once or twice a year."
"Then there was this whole thing that happened with the DUI and all that stuff. My brother had my number and then he's like, 'If you need'… Like dude, what are you talking about? You don't even know me, Nick. You don't even talk to me. We see each other once or twice a year and I'm keeping it real with you, and that's what it is."'
Despite their war of words, the Tampa-native will always "love" his older brother.
"I love my brother. I always will love my brother… I think he loves me conditionally."
Aaron also performed on the radio show, and was noticeably emotional. After receiving criticism on social media, he announced he's taking a break for a few months as he "can't do this twitter social media stuff right now." (As of this writing, he is still tweeting.)

To my fans….. pic.twitter.com/YtkZD9rYpL
— Aaron Carter (@aaroncarter) August 14, 2017


Be safe my loves I'm sorry but I can't do this twitter social media stuff right now. I'll check in with you in a few months.
— Aaron Carter (@aaroncarter) August 14, 2017
[Image via Charlie Steffens/WENN.]
/n