This Week in K-Pop: Sistar Makes Their Comeback, 4Minute Disband, EXO Wins Big/n





                    Last Week in K-Pop
                







EXID Make Their Comeback, Jonghyun Wins for 'She Is', Heize and Dean Release Collaboration

 MORE >>





Curious about K-pop but don’t know where to start? Longtime veteran of the most interesting genre in music? Just an all-around happy-go-lucky music lover in general? Well, you’ve come to the right place because it’s an exciting time in the world of K-pop.

Since we at Celebuzz love any and all music, every week we’ll be taking a look back at the best things that happened in K-Pop. There were several highlights in the K-Pop world from this week as well as last. EXO made their comeback with the music videos for new songs “Monster” and “Lucky One;” Sistar came back with “I Like That;” 4Minute announced they were splitting; and much more.
Sistar
Sistar made their comeback with “I Like That,” off their fourth EP Insane Love (released yesterday, June 21, 2016). Watch the sexy music video here.





EXO
EXO released their third studio album, Ex’Act, on June 9, 2016 in both Korean and Mandarin versions. Last year, they broke records when their second album, Exodus, earned the largest first-week sales ever for a K-Pop group on the Billboard 200; this time around, domestic pre-sales for the album surpassed 660,000, making it the most pre-ordered K-pop album of all time. In addition, their single “Monster” earned EXO their first No. 1 on Billboard’s World Digital Songs Chart, making them only the sixth K-Pop act to do so.
They won the top prizes this week on Inkigayo, Show! Music Core, Music Bank, and M! Countdown for “Monster.” Watch the dance version music video for “Monster” below (and the full video here), as well as the music video for “Lucky One.





“Lucky One” (Watch the Mandarin version here)





Watch EXO’s live comeback performance on Music Bank below:





4Minute
4Minute announced they were disbanding after unsuccessful contract renewal negotiations, just days before what would have marked their seventh anniversary together. Only HyunA renewed her contract with Cube Entertainment.
A Cube Entertainment rep stated:
As the contract end date approaches, the members have been in discussions for renewal, but while the agency tried to persuade them to continue the group, it ended up accepting the decision by the five members that they will not continue as a group. Due to the different opinion of the members, for all intents and purposes, the group will disband.
Reminisce by watching some of 4Minute’s best music videos, including “Crazy” and their most recent Skrillex collaboration “Hate,” below:










EXID
EXID won last week on Show Champion, Inkigayo and The Show for their new song “L.I.E.” Watch the new dance version for the song below.





Big Bang
YG has shared teasers for Big Bang’s upcoming ten-year anniversary movie Big Bang MADE, which will premiere on June 30. Watch T.O.P.‘s below.





U-Kiss
U-Kiss finally released “Stalker,” the title song for their 11th Korean mini-album (which was released June 7).





Taeyeon
Girls’ Generation’s Taeyeon has released a slew of teaser images for her second solo mini album, Why, which is set to drop next week on June 28, 2016.
Earlier this month, she also became the first Korean female celebrity to reach 7 million followers on Instagram.






 WHY
A photo posted by TaeYeon (@taeyeon_ss) on Jun 16, 2016 at 8:47pm PDT









 #why
A photo posted by TaeYeon (@taeyeon_ss) on Jun 17, 2016 at 6:18pm PDT









 〰 D-7 〰 #why #m02 #new #taeyeon
A photo posted by TaeYeon (@taeyeon_ss) on Jun 20, 2016 at 6:14pm PDT



Brave Girls
Brave Girls are teasing their long-awaited comeback, High Heels, which will be released June 27, 2016. They will be making their comeback as 7-members group (with five new members and two original members, Hyeran and Yoojin) after a two and a half year hiatus, and following their single “Deepened” released in February. They haven’t released an album in 4 years (their second and last released being Re-Issue).
 










San E and Raina
San E and After School’s Raina collaborated on the summery “Sugar and Me,” featuring IOI’s Kim Do Yeon.





Seventeen
The boys of Seventeen released the oh so sweet and cutesy video for “Love Letter” off their first full-length studio album Love & Letter, released back in April.





BoA and Beenzino
BoA and Beenzino teamed up for an SM Station track, entitled “No Matter What.” Watch the animated music video below.





Younha
Younha featuring HA:TFELT (aka Wonder Girls’ Yeeun) and Cheetah are super extra and bad in this music video for “Get It.”





Wonder Girls
Wonder Girls are teasing their summer comeback, “To the Beautiful You.”





Gray and Loco
Gray and Loco featuring Elo released the low-tempo “Good” and it’ll surely be your new driving jam.





Wheesung
Wheesung is back with “Hold Over,” featuring EXID’s LE. In “Hold Over,” we see two very different, opposite personalities of the R&B singer.





Tiffany
Girls Generation’s Tiffany joined with Simon D for her SM Station collaboration, “Heartbreak Hotel.”





KCon ’16
KCon, the annual K-Pop convention held in the United States and Japan, will be happening in New York and Los Angeles soon (June 24–25, and July 29–31 respectively).
Fans can expect to see Mamamoo, DAY6, Seventeen, Ailee, BTS, BTOB, Eric Nam, Crush and Dynamic Duo in New York. In LA, the two-day event will bring SHINee, I.O.I, GFRIEND, CNBLUE, DEAN, and Block B on Saturday, and BTS, ASTRO, Girls’ Generation- TTS, Twice and Monsta X on Sunday.
B2st
B2st are teasing their comeback, marking their first since member Hyunseung departed back in April. HIGHLIGHT is set for release on July 4.


2016.07.04 #BEAST 3RD ALBUM [#HIGHLIGHT] TRACKLISTTitle song_ #리본(Ribbon) pic.twitter.com/PbzQS2m5na
— CUBE ENTERTAINMENT (@cubeunited) June 22, 2016

https://twitter.com/cubeunited/status/742884372567625728?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw
XIA Junsu
Junsu, aka XIA, released the performance video for his track “Rock the World.”





Tao
Former EXO member Tao released the ballad “19,” the soundtrack to his new film Edge of Innocence, (which hits theaters July 8). Tao plays the male lead in the film, which is based on a novel by Japanese mystery writer Soji Shimada, Summer, portrait of a 19 year old.





Gugudan
Jellyfish Entertainment has been teasing a new girl group, and announced the name Gugudan a couple of days ago. The group consists of nine members: Mimi, Hana, Haebin, Nayoung, Sejeong, Sally, Soyee, Mina and Hyeyeon.







[gugudan] #젤리피쉬 의 첫 번째 걸그룹 아홉가지의 매력을 가진 9명의 소녀들! #gugudan 을 소개합니다. #구구단 #하나 #미미 #해빈 #나영 #세정 #샐리 #소이 #미나 #혜연 #구구단데뷔 pic.twitter.com/lLwt9ajiDN
— Jellyfish Ent. (@jellyfish_ent) June 17, 2016

/n