Lindsay May Dodge the World's Biggest Bullet/nLaw enforcement sources tell TMZ there is a  "strong possibility " the Los Angeles County District Attorney's office will NOT file felony charges against Lindsay Lohan in connection with her two DUI arrests.We're told charges may be filed tomorrow, and the D.A. is leaning toward rejecting three possible felonies. Sources say the D.A. almost certainly will not file cocaine charges in connection with her DUI bust Memorial Day weekend in Beverly Hills.As for her July 24 arrest in Santa Monica, the D.A. could charge her with felony cocaine possession, and bringing cocaine into a correctional facility -- also a felony. But we're told that the D.A. is inclined not to file those felony charges either.That basically leaves misdemeanor DUI charges for both incidents. If Lohan is found guilty of both, she'd have to serve a minimum of four days in jail, and that beats prison, baby!And we're told Lohan's mega-lawyer Blair Berk and prosecutors have been talking a lot and that spells a possible plea bargain.Here's what's for sure: If Lohan is not charged with a felony, she is not required to attend Friday's arraignment. If that's the case, put money on it -- Lindsay will be a no-show.       Record Yours     Play Comments      var tag = new FlashTag(' /media /gallery.swf', 490, 355, '8,0,0,0'); tag.addFlashVar('permalink', 'lindsay_lohan'); document.write (tag.toString());   Oprah Subpoenaed in Black Profiling Case  Oprah Winfrey, Condi Rice, and Colin Powell are among a host of A-list celebs who were just subpoenaed in a racial profiling case in a Michigan Federal Court.TMZ obtained court documents filed yesterday, which  "commands " that a spectacular list of celebrities appear for depositions in a lawsuit filed by one Jerome Almon, who alleges that Canada has launched an attack on U.S. black rappers. The lawsuit claims Canadaian officals blame rappers for both increased gangs and gun violence in Toronto and Vancouver, and holds up black rappers at the border. The list goes on to include Paris Hilton, Mick Jagger, Keith Richards, Snoop Dogg, DMX, Diddy, Jenna Jameson, Jay Z, 50 Cent, Eminem, Kobe Bryant, Spike Lee, Tom Sizemore, Martha Stewart and Heidi Fleiss. Mr. Almon, CEO of MurderCap Records, tells TMZ,  "The white celebrities have been directed to appear, in order to show the hypocritical nature of Canadian policy toward rappers. Some of the white celebrities have far worse records than these rappers, but are still allowed to enter Canada with the red carpet rolled out. " Trip to Motor City ... everybody!  Bill Murray: Marinated Swedish Meatball?  Cinderella story. Outta nowhere ... Bill Murray could face a drunk driving charge ... in Sweden! Skal! Police spotted Murray cruising around downtown Stockholm in a -- wait for it -- golf cart!Swedish cops say they stopped the 56-year-old Murray in the slow-moving vehicle and noticed the smell of alcohol on his breath.  "He refused to blow in the (breath test) instrument, citing American legislation, " the police told the AP.  "So we applied the old method -- a blood test. It will take 14 days before the results are in. " In the meantime, enjoy the lutefisk!Murray, who had been at a golf tournament in Sweden, signed a document admitting that he was driving under the influence, and agreed to let a police officer plead guilty for him if the case goes to court (Yes judge, right away judge!).Hmm ... we thought that in Sweden you weren't legally drunk until your eyes rolled to the back of your head. Who knew?A rep for Murray did not immediately return a call for comment. Vida's Meter Maid Gets Spanked  TMZ has learned that the  "meter maid " who asked for a naked photo of bikini model Vida Guerra in return for leniency on her parking ticket has been officially suspended. Not so lovely!According to Parking Enforcement Manager Eric Ruiz, officer L. Salgado will not be patrolling the sidewalks while the City conducts an official investigation into the incident. Furthermore, buzz inside the station is that Salgado, who is said to be 18 or 19-years-old, will be fired. TMZ caught the whole thing on tape over the weekend, showing that after ticketing Guerra, Salgado was heard telling Vida's friend,  "You got a naked picture of her, we make the price stay right. "   That's the ticket! Vince Vaughn -- Slippery When Wet!  Vince Vaughn just couldn't keep his head above water yesterday -- finding it nearly impossible to keep his balance on a Jet Ski in the rough sea. The plumping actor was filmed in the waters off Malibu, just down the beach from ex Jennifer Aniston's house ... where he attempted to thrust himself onto a wave rider not once, but twice -- knocking it over and slipping off each time. Vaughn overboard!Third time was the charm for slippery Vinnie, and he was eventually ferried from the beach to a waiting boat, as a crowd on the sand cheered his successful mounting. And who wouldn't?  Related Articles      Vince Vaughn -- The Glamour of Stardom     Vince's 11 O'Clock Shadow/n