Jennifer Morrison Is Leaving ‘Once Upon a Time’ After Season 6/n





                    'Frozen' Comes to 'Once Upon a Time'
                







We can't let this go. 

 MORE >>





Jennifer Morrison’s chapter on Once Upon a Time is coming to a close.

The actress announced on Monday (May 8, 2017) she will be leaving the ABC fairytale series after its current sixth season.
“As I reached the end of my 6 year contract on Once Upon a Time, I was faced with a significant decision. ABC, Eddy Kitsis, and Adam Horowitz very generously invited me to continue as a series regular. After very careful consideration, I have decided that creatively and personally, it is time for me to move on. Emma Swan is one my favorite characters that I have ever played. My 6 years on Once Upon a Time has changed my life in the most beautiful ways. I am absolutely blown away by the passion and commitment of the Oncer fans. I am so honored to have been a central part of such a special show.”



As I reached the end of my 6 year contract on ONCE UPON A TIME, I was faced with a significant decision. ABC, Eddy Kitsis, and Adam Horowitz very generously invited me to continue as a series regular. After very careful consideration, I have decided that creatively and personally, it is time for me to move on. Emma Swan is one my favorite characters that I have ever played. My 6 years on ONCE UPON A TIME has changed my life in the most beautiful ways. I am absolutely blown away by the passion and commitment of the Oncer fans. I am so honored to have been a central part of such a special show. I will be forever grateful to Adam, Eddy, and ABC for giving me the gift of playing Emma Swan. As I move on to other creative endeavors, I will continue to attend the fan conventions whenever my professional schedule allows. I always look forward meeting the fans. If ABC Network does in fact order a season 7, I have agreed to appear in one episode, and I will most certainly continue to watch ONCE UPON A TIME. The creativity of the show runners has always inspired me, and I cannot wait to see the ways that they continue to develop and reinvent the show. #Onceuponatime #EmmaSwan #UglyDucklings
A post shared by jenmorrisonlive (@jenmorrisonlive) on May 8, 2017 at 4:48am PDT



“As I move on to other creative endeavors, I will continue to attend the fan conventions whenever my professional schedule allows. I always look forward meeting the fans,” she continues.
According to the How I Met Your Mother alum, she will make a small appearance on Season 7 should the network renew the series.
“If ABC Network does in fact order a season 7, I have agreed to appear in one episode, and I will most certainly continue to watch Once Upon a Time,” she shares. “The creativity of the show runners has always inspired me, and I cannot wait to see the ways that they continue to develop and reinvent the show.”


who's your favorite 'Once Upon a Time' character?








































8 Photos »


/n