Norman Reedus Says The Walking Dead's Season 7 Return Will Make the World Explode Is it October yet? It's been nearly two months since The Walking Dead left us screaming at our televisions with a season six finale that saw the intr.../n
Is it October yet?It's been nearly two months since The Walking Dead left us screaming at our televisions with a season six finale that saw the introduction of Jeffrey Dean Morgan's uber-villain Negan and the death of, well, someone. And in that time, fans of the show have spent countless hours playing the brutal scene back, trying to determine just who the bat-wielding psycho landed on before we entered the victim's POV and caught a glimpse of what it might be like to have the life bashed out of our skull. We're still no closer to what feels like a clear answer—but star Norman Reedus is promising that when the show finally does reveal all, it'll blow our freaking minds.

"I think probably the planet is going to explode. That's my feeling. It's so good," Reedus admitted on Entertainment Weekly Radio about what's in store when the show returns for season seven. "Every time we go on a promotional tour talking about what's going to come, we all say 'Oh my God, it's amazing. I can't wait for you to see it.' But it continually surprises me how this show grows and is put together and the execution of it—no pun intended. It blows my mind. It just continually reaches a new plateau every single time, and this is the highest plateau we've ever been. So just wait. It's worth the wait, trust me."The decision to wrap season six on such a massive cliffhanger and withhold the victim's identity was met with a fair amount of outcry from fans who found the move manipulative, especially in light of the season-long promise that someone was dying in the finale and it was going to leave us shattered. (Kind of hard to shatter us all the way when we don't know who it is we're to be mourning.) Reedus, who says he's been asked who was on the receiving end of Lucille's unique brand of lovin' "probably a zillion times," see the uproar as nothing but a positive.

"They're still talking about it," he said. "I've been making art for a long time and you want people to talk. Sometimes you make something just to get people to talk. The fact that people are still talking is a huge compliment to how that episode was executed and the acting in it and the writing of it. That's a good thing. Talk sometimes its good. I know we all have phones and everything is instant gratification now. I get it. I like that too. I like the controversy, to be honest. For that many people to be that invested in that show and freaking out, I think it's great."Reedus' entire interview airs Tuesday, May 31 on EW Morning Live, SirusXM channel 105.The Walking Dead returns for season seven in October on AMC.
/n