James Comey Once Tried To Blend In With White House Curtains To Avoid Donald Trump — Watch!/n

Poor James Comey!
Reports have emerged telling the story of the long-suffering former FBI Director hiding from Donald Trump in the curtains of the White House Blue Room. And there's video footage!
Related: Someone Matched Donald's Team To The Real Housewives
The event occurred on January 22, when Drumpf hosted a ceremony to honor law enforcement officials, and obviously invited Comey. According to a friend of Comey's named Benjamin Wittes, the then-FBI Director confided in him that he had tried to camouflage himself against the blue curtains so Trump wouldn't see him.
The New York Times reports: 
"Mr. Wittes said Mr. Comey told him that he initially did not want to go to the meeting because the F.B.I. director should not have too close a relationship with the White House. But Mr. Comey went because he wanted to represent the bureau.
"The ceremony occurred in the Blue Room of the White House, where many senior law enforcement officials — including the Secret Service director — had gathered. Mr. Comey — who is 6 feet 8 inches tall and was wearing a dark blue suit that day – told Mr. Wittes that he tried to blend in with the blue curtains in the back of the room, in the hopes that Mr. Trump would not spot him and call him out."
BAHAHAHAHAHAHA! Is this better or worse than the time Sean Spicer hid in the bushes to avoid the press???
Maybe Comey and Spicer have a running list of hiding places!
In the video (below), you can see Comey, who is 6'8" (not easily missed), standing against the curtains by the window and barely moving.

*cackling*
Memes were made, naturally.

"isnt comey supposed to be here tonight has any body seen james comey" pic.twitter.com/x2GLNK5w74
— darth:™ (@darth) May 19, 2017


Sean Spicer hides in bushes to avoid reporters
James Comey hides in curtains to avoid Trump
Next week, Paul Ryan be like: pic.twitter.com/2cu0P7tyne
— teresa lo (@teresalo_tweets) May 19, 2017


James Comey at the White House (ht @delrayser for tweet inspiration) pic.twitter.com/NqCWbzrn9I
— Kate Nocera (@KateNocera) May 19, 2017

Exclusive picture of James Comey hiding in the curtains pic.twitter.com/aFGjcVJODE
— Larry Fitzmaurice (@lfitzmaurice) May 19, 2017


A photograph has emerged confirming the @nytimes 'Comey blending in with the curtains' yarn pic.twitter.com/UPMfQNbK96
— the wrong noel (@TheWrongNoel) May 19, 2017
Well, now that he's been fired, he doesn't have to deal with Trump as much. Silver linings???
We feel for you, Jim!

[Image via YouTube.]
/n