'Little People' Medical Emergency! Zach Roloff Rushed To Doctor/n
Zach Roloff was experiencing serious health problems, awaiting his baby’s birth, and even lost his beloved dog Sully to cancer — and the stress just became too much to bear.
On last night’s episode of Little People, Big World, the 27-year-old’s medical issues exploded under the immense pressure, ending in an emergency doctor’s visit.
Early during the show, Zach expressed his anxiety over his wife Tori’s final days of pregnancy and her scheduled C-section. (The couple had just been told their unborn child had dwarfism, which can create problems during birth.)
“Tori’s stressed out of her mind, and super uncomfortable,” he confided in mom Amy. “The dwarfism factor…Emotions are super high. It’s not going to stop until the baby really comes.”
PHOTOS:Cheating Scandal? Matt Roloff Admitted He Didn’t Make Commitment A Priority
The mother of four, 52, hardly reassured her son.
“Until that baby arrives, you don’t even know what stress is!” she said.
“The whole thing is so stressful. It’s one big vicious cycle of stress!” he lamented to the cameras.
PHOTOS: ‘Little People, Big World’s Jacob Roloff Quits Show, Exposes Family’s Reality Fakery!
The stress came to a head when he suddenly suffered from a bout of nausea and a severe migraine, symptoms that began at the beginning of Tori’s pregnancy last year and continued at least once a month.
Zach made his twin brother Jeremy and sister-in-law Audrey pull the car over so he could get sick. The trio quickly rushed to Zach’s doctor for an emergency appointment.
“It’s never been this bad!” he said. “The headache is what’s killing me.”
Jeremy admitted his heart began “racing.”
PHOTOS: ‘Little People,’ Big Feud! Rebel Son Jacob Roloff’s 10 Biggest Disses To His Family
‘His eyes were going crossed!” he told a concerned Audrey outside the doctor’s office. “He was in there on the ground, just holding his head.”
Fortunately, Zach was released after two shots for dehydration, pain and elevated blood pressure.
His doctor told him the symptoms likely stemmed from severe anxiety — not complications from his shunt, which was surgically implanted in his head to drain excess fluid as a child.
“It’s a relief,” he said. “I don’t want to be in the hospital when Tori and the baby are in the hospital!”
On next week’s episode, Tori and Zach welcome their baby Jackson — and Amy introduces her new boyfriend Chris to her ex-husband Matt!
Keep reading Radar for the latest Roloff updates.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n