A Karate Kid TV Sequel Is Happening On YouTube & People Aren't Sure What To Think About It/n

Time for another wax job already?
YouTube Red seems to think so, as the subscription service just ordered a sequel series set to follow the characters of The Karate Kid!
Original stars Ralph Macchio and William Zabka will reprise their roles as hero underdog Daniel LaRusso and blonde bully Johnny Lawrence in the 10-episode series, Cobra Kai!
The half-hour comedy will take place three decades after the events of the 1984 All Valley Karate Tournament — but it won't just be centering around Daniel-san.
Related: American Idol Producer Defends Katy Perry's Crazy Salary!
The series will revolve a down-on-his-luck Johnny who reopens the infamous Cobra Kai dojo, reigniting his rivalry with a now-successful Daniel. But without the wisdom of his mentor Mr. Miyagi (the late Pat Morita), the former underdog has demons of his own to battle.
Cobra Kai is YouTube Red's attempt to take a crack at an older audience — though not everyone is ready to bow down just yet.
Based on the initial reactions, people weren't quite sure how to feel about the revival. Most were intrigued, but not necessarily enough to start paying for YouTube's ($10 a month!) subscription service. You couldn't jump on this, Netflix?
See what people had to say about the news (below) — and share your own thoughts! 

Trying to process that a 30 years later karate kid is gonna be made. Processing done. IM IN!!!
— Jerry Ferrara (@jerryferrara) August 4, 2017


Call me old fashioned…but Jaden Smith will always be the true Karate Kid. https://t.co/zdmrngHS1w
— Pat Ward (@WardDPatrick) August 4, 2017


Karate Kid still won't get to me to pay for YouTube Red
— Rogue Tars Account (@TarsTarkasnet) August 4, 2017


The new "Karate Kid" sequel is just going to be two hours of Ralph Macchio getting called "a cuck."
— Michael Blackman (@MBlackman37) August 4, 2017


Honestly, I was hoping this would be a buddy comedy where the Karate Kid and Johnny ran a food truck together. https://t.co/nHCT0vPpjk
— Maggie Serota 🚽 (@maggieserota) August 4, 2017


I got excited when I read about the new Karate Kid series bringing back Daniel and Johnny as adult rivals. Then I saw it's on YouTube Red 🤢
— Acadius (@Acadius) August 4, 2017
Cobra Kai will be kicking off in 2018!
[Image via Sony Pictures.]
/n