 Dreaming Of A Payday! Inside Rob & Chyna's Massive Scheme To Market Their Daughter.../n
It’s been less than one month since Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna, welcomed their daughter, Dream Kardashian, into the world and RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned that the newborn’s money-hungry parents are ALREADY conjuring up ways to market their bundle of joy!
PHOTOS: ‘BABY AS A PROP!’ Rob Kardashian Rakes In Extra Cash By Using Daughter Dream In New Video
According to a source close to the overweight 29-year-old Kardashian heir, “Rob knows what a goldmine his daughter Dream is, so he and Blac have been trying to come up with as many different ways to make money off of her as possible.”
As Radar reported, Kardashian and Blac Chyna, 28, have signed a lucrative deal with E! to air their daughter’s birth, and Kardashian has also developed a new line of children’s socks under his already existing sock line company, Arthur George.
“Because Dream is the only Kardashian-named baby born so far, Rob and Blac think that they have to start marketing her so that they can continue to bank off of her if their reality show flops,” said the source.
PHOTOS: Million-Dollar Baby! Dream’s Parents Score Seven-Figure Spinoff Deal
“Even though Rob has already started making socks for children, he wants to also start an entire line of clothing specifically designed for Dream, calling it the ‘Dream Collection,’” the insider told Radar, adding, “Aside from that, Rob, Blac Chyna and grandma, Kris Jenner, have been coming up with a ton of other ideas to make money off of Dream.”
“They want to start another Kardashian Kids type of company geared towards newborn babies, which will not only include clothing, but also toys, children’s books, and more,” the source claimed.
Do you think that Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna are wrong for wanting to use their daughter to make money? Tell us your thoughts below.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n