Celebuzz Cocktail Hour: Tantalize Your Taste Buds with These Tasty Spring Cocktails/n





                    Entertaining Must-Haves
                







Home is where the heart is, so let's spruce that place up!

 MORE >>





Are you looking for a clever and delicious cocktail to serve at your next party?
We’ve got you covered! Fruit juice and freshly squeezed lemons and limes are definitely the way to go if you want a refreshing cocktail. Check out these four unbelievable cocktail recommendations that will have your guests asking for the recipes!

 
SWEENY TOD COLLINS





Ingredients:
2oz Bombay Sapphire Gin
2oz Fresh Watermelon Juice
1oz Simple Syrup
1oz Soda
Served in a couple or highball with ice (shaken or over ice)

 
LOVING BAR STEWARD





Ingredients:
1 oz Bombay Sapphire East Gin
1 oz Pierre Ferrand 1840 Cognac
.5 oz Grapefruit-Lime Cordial
.25 oz Campari
2 dashes Angostura bitters
Build in a Large glass and Top with Ginger Beer. Garnish with an Orange slice, Mint sprig, and Lime shell filled with over proof rum, set aflame and dashed with powdered Cinnamon and Campari.
–Created by Bombay Sapphire’s 2015 Most Imaginative Bartender Winner and Owner of Austin’s Roosevelt Room, Justin Lavenue

 
THE SILK JOURNEY





Ingredients:
2oz Bombay Sapphire East Gin
0.75oz Fresh Lime juice
0.5oz Pomegranate syrup
2oz Oolong and mandarin tea
Shaken and served long over ice and topped with Ginger beer. Garnish with large orange zest and potentially either candied ginger or pomegranate seeds.
–Created by Bombay Sapphire’s North American Brand Ambassador, Gary Hayward

 
DON’T GET IT TWISTED





Ingredients:
1.5 oz Caliche Rum
1.5 oz Faretti Biscotti liqueur
0.75 oz Fresh squeezed & strained lime juice
0.25 oz Simple syrup (optional)
Pretzel salt*
1 Mini pretzel for garnish
In a cocktail shaker combine the first four ingredients fill with ice and shake vigorously until well chilled, strain into a chilled pretzel salt rimmed cocktail glass or coupe. Garnish with a mini pretzel.
*Pretzel salt combine equal amounts of coarsely ground pretzels and coarse grain sea salt.
–Created by Mixologist Esteban Ordonez

 
Please remember to drink responsibly, and do not drink and drive!


Celebuzz's 9 Favorite Things of the Week - April 23, 2016








































9 Photos »


/n