 Gone But Not Forgotten: Melissa Rivers To Release 'Emotional' Tell All About Mom Joan.../n
Melissa Rivers is penning another tribute to her late mom, RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal!
The Eyepowerment campaign spokesperson told Radar exclusively that she is working on an art book chronicling Joan Rivers’ career, and it will be released in September.
“The working title is The Joan Rivers Scrapbook,” Melissa told Radar.
“We had this tremendous archive so we decided to create a photographic journey through the 50 years of my mom’s career,” she explained. “And it’s really a time capsule of pop culture in each of those decades.”
PHOTOS: Shootings, Crashes & Overdoses! Celebrity Near-Death Experiences Uncovered
“It’s been pretty, pretty emotional,” she said of putting the book together, adding “it’s still hard for Cooper [her son] to look back at photos.”
“It hits you in different ways but after a while you’re kinda like, ‘get the picture already!’” she said. “It’s been fun. It’s been a challenge but I’m really excited about it because it’s just a different way to chronicle the history of the last five decades from a strong woman’s point of view.”
Radar previously reported that Joan died after undergoing a routine surgery in 2014. Melissa, 49, released The Book Of Joan a year later, and won her malpractice suit against the Yorkville Endoscopy clinic in May 2016.
PHOTOS: TV Curse! Most Shocking Reality Star Deaths Of 2016
She is currently working with Allergan to raise awareness for Chronic Dry Eye, as the company is vowing to donate up to $25,000 for each selfie taken on Oscar’s Sunday with “#eyepowerment.”
“The eyes are just as important about the dress you’re wearing or anything that’s going on!” Rivers told Radar of the campaign. “It’s important to complete the look with how your eyes look.”
Stay with Radar for more on Joan and Melissa.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n