 Have You Seen This Dress? Lupita Nyong’o’s $150,000 Pearl Oscars Gown Was Stolen From.../nAll eyes were on Lupita Nyong’o at the 2015 Oscars when she graced the red carpet in a stunning Calvin Klein gown that featured 6,000 pearls. But one person had his or her eyes on just the dress, as the custom gown was stolen from the Oscar-winning actress’ hotel room!The LAPD reported that the memorable gown, which is worth about $150,000, was taken from the 12 Years a Slave star’s room on Wednesday."I can confirm a dress was stolen from the London Hotel that belonged to the actress Lupita Nyong'o," a member of the L.A. sheriff's department told Us Weekly. "We believe it was taken sometime during the day yesterday [2/25]. We are looking at every scenario; when the cleaners go to clean the rooms they do it with the door open so that's a possibility. Currently we are still investigating, detectives are interviewing and looking for witnesses."While Calvin Klein has yet to comment on the situation, a spokesperson of the London Hotel said in a statement regarding the theft, “This is a terribly unfortunate situation, and we are working with law enforcement in their investigation.”Who do you think stole the gown? Do you think the police will find it? Tell us in the comments below or tweet @OKMagazine.
All eyes were on Lupita Nyong’o at the 2015 Oscars when she graced the red carpet in a stunning Calvin Klein gown that featured 6,000 pearls. But one person had his or her eyes on just the dress, as the custom gown was stolen from the Oscar-winning actress’ hotel room!The LAPD reported that the memorable gown, which is worth about $150,000, was taken from the 12 Years a Slave star’s room on Wednesday."I can confirm a dress was stolen from the London Hotel that belonged to the actress Lupita Nyong'o," a member of the L.A. sheriff's department told Us Weekly. "We believe it was taken sometime during the day yesterday [2/25]. We are looking at every scenario; when the cleaners go to clean the rooms they do it with the door open so that's a possibility. Currently we are still investigating, detectives are interviewing and looking for witnesses."While Calvin Klein has yet to comment on the situation, a spokesperson of the London Hotel said in a statement regarding the theft, “This is a terribly unfortunate situation, and we are working with law enforcement in their investigation.”Who do you think stole the gown? Do you think the police will find it? Tell us in the comments below or tweet @OKMagazine.
/n