Murder Suspect Posts Frightening Facebook Live Videos While On The Run! Find Out Why He's 'Very Dangerous'!/n

You'd think livestreaming a getaway would make a suspect easier for police to track down…
But that's not the case for Oklahoma officers who are still looking to find a man wanted for murder.
Investigators confirm Michael Dale Vance (pictured above) logged onto Facebook as he was fleeing police after allegedly murdering his aunt and uncle, along with shooting and injuring three others — including two police officers.
Video: Parent Caught PUNCHING Someone Else's Kid At School!
The 38-year-old began live streaming his getaway on Monday, speaking to his viewers as he drives a truck (above, insert) wearing a baseball cap and a blood-stained shirt.
In one video, which has been removed from his account, Vance narrates his escape moments before he steals another vehicle, telling his viewers the carjacking is "gonna be intense."
In a second clip, the suspect is in a different vehicle as he shows off his gun — believed to be an AK-47 — speaking to his viewers: 

"Letting y'all know, look, this is real. That's the real deal. This sh*t ain't a joke, this ain't a prank. I'm going f*cking live."
Though Vance claims he was "setup" in the videos, investigators suspect the man was behind the murders of his 55-year-old uncle Ronald Everett Wilkson and his 54-year-old aunt Valerie Kay Wilkson in their mobile home park.
Related: Police Investigating Justin Bieber's Motorcade Driving On Wrong Side Of The Road
The couple's bodies were discovered Sunday afternoon with bullet holes and multiple stab wounds to the neck that were "consistent with an attempt to sever his head."
On Sunday evening, Vance allegedly shot and wounded two police officers as he was passing through Wellston. The officers were shot at as they arrived on the scene, responding to reports of gunfire.
Vance allegedly fled in a patrol car before later switching vehicles in Monday's carjacking. Police have no idea if the suspect is even still alive, as he'd been shot during the Wellston encounter.
Related: Larsa Pippen 'Scared' Of Scottie Pippen In Domestic Disturbance Incident
Officials consider Vance armed and "very dangerous," as he apparently has an unspecified disease police fear he may try to spread while on the run.
The suspect, who was arrested three months ago and charged with child sexual abuse, was last seen early Monday morning in Sayre, Oklahoma.
Police are unsure of Vance's location, but believe he may be headed west in a silver Mitsubishi Eclipse. He is described as Native American, standing 5'11" and weighing 212 pounds.
[Image via CBS News.]
/n