Retired Soccer Star Abby Wambach Marries Bestselling Author Glennon Doyle Melton/n
Abby Wambach and Glennon Doyle Melton have officially tied the knot!
Melton, 41, took to Instagram to share a photo of their wedding day, which took place Sunday. The two shared a kiss as Wambach, 36, wore a red velvet suit jacket, while Melton donned a silver bejeweled dress.





 5.14.17
A post shared by Glennon Doyle (@glennondoyle) on May 15, 2017 at 11:40am PDT


In a second post on Monday, Melton added a photo of Wambach wearing a black hoodie with the words “Christian Mommy Blogger’s Wife” on it.





 5.14.17
A post shared by Mary Wambach (@abbywambach) on May 15, 2017 at 11:40am PDT


“My beloveds- please never give up on love,” Melton wrote in the caption. “Life could surprise the hell out of you. Trust me- you might just wake up one morning and find yourself smackdab in the middle of heaven. I love my wife. LOVE WINS.”
RELATED VIDEO: Abby Wambach And Glennon Doyle Melton Announce Engagement






 My beloveds – please never give up on love. Life could surprise the hell out of you. Trust me- you might just wake up one morning and find yourself smackdab in the middle of heaven. I love my wife.  LOVE WINS.  @abbywambach  #DoyleWambachAF
A post shared by Glennon Doyle (@glennondoyle) on May 15, 2017 at 7:00am PDT


The couple confirmed they were dating in November 2016, with the author and activist revealing the news of her “new love” on her Facebook page.
“Feels like the world could use all the love it can get right now,” Melton wrote. “So today, I’m going to share with you my new love.”





 When I fell in love with Abby, I was scared. I thought that my fear might be bigger than my courage, and that because of that size difference, I might miss out on my chance at happiness. This was so painful.  One day, I was talking to my dear friend Martha Beck. I told her that losing this love would be painful, but that I was used to learning from pain. And Martha said: "Honey. It's true that God teaches us through pain. But it is also true that God tries to teach us through joy first. You can keep choosing heartbreak and pain, Glennon. But you can also choose joy. God can use that choice too. And I actually believe that God prefers to use joy to teach us." And so, for once, I chose joy.  I have lived a long while learning from pain and God, it's been a good teacher. I'm forty one, now. And I'm graduating to joy. I choose joy.  You can, too. First the pain. Then the rising.  Your courage is bigger than your fear.  Love, G (Ms. Doyle-Wambach if you're nasty)  @abbywambach @elizabeth_gilbert_writer @marthabeckauthor
A post shared by Glennon Doyle (@glennondoyle) on May 16, 2017 at 6:29am PDT


The relationship news comes three months after Melton announced her divorce from husband Craig Melton, and two months after Wambach announced that she and her wife of three years, Sarah Huffman, would be divorcing following an April DUI arrest that forced the soccer star to confront her struggles with substance abuse.
The two announced their engagement in February.
FROM COINAGE: Tips for Planning a Wedding on a Budget

Melton has long been an outspoken advocate for same-sex marriage.
“Figuring out my stance on homosexuality felt like a life and death decision,” she wrote in a 2013 post on her blog Momastery. “I know my Jesus, I love Him, and I think if he needed me to believe that homosexuality was a sin, He would have mentioned it.”
She added that she hoped that her coming out would help her three children, son Chase and daughters Tish and Amma, feel emboldened to be truthful with themselves and others.
Melton wrote, “When Craig and I sat them down to tell them about Abby I started by saying: ‘In our family, we live and tell the truth about who we are no matter what, and then love each other through it — and I’m about to show you how that’s done.'”
/n