Robert Downey Jr. Dresses Up as Tigger for an Amazing Reason and More Celebrity News/n
We’ve rounded up some of the best stories of the day, featuring news items that you may have missed with Robert Downey Jr, Blac Chyna, Robin Thicke and other celebrity news stories.
Hero on-screen and off! Robert Downey Jr. put his celebrity status to good use on Friday, Oct. 23. The Oscar-nominated actor dressed up as Winnie the Pooh’s best bud Tigger to cheer up a sick boy who has cystic fibrosis.
“Mr. Stark here. This is for Daniel (@envy_coatings) who was having a rough day recently,” the actor, 50, captioned via Instagram. “When I’m in the dumps, I’ve found this little getup to be helpful.” [Us Weekly]

 
Future’s not the least bit worried about what many call the “Kiss of Death” — Blac Chyna’s “Future” tattoo on her hand — and even though it’s super early in their relationship, he thinks the ink is dope.
Sources close to the couple say Chyna’s tatt proves they have a real connection. We’re told Future sees it as a very real, very permanent gesture of commitment … and while fans are just getting used to it, the ink isn’t even new. [TMZ]

 
Footage of Robin Thicke and Pharrell Williams testifying about the creation of the song “Blurred Lines” that was a key element of a copyright infringement trial earlier this year has been released, showing Thicke repeatedly acknowledging he was drunk and high during interviews promoting 2013’s biggest hit song.
Both men are seen on the footage, which was released Monday, verbally sparring with an attorney for Marvin Gaye’s children, who sued the men for copyright infringement and won a $7.4 million verdict in March. [Huffington Post]

 
I love bespectacled Matt Bomer.. The super handsome actor took the stage this weekend at Entertainment Weekly‘s first ever EW Fest for the panel, Ryan Murphy & Friends.
As I’m sure you’ve guessed, the panel was about Ryan Murphy and his friends. [Socialite Life]

 
There’s just no excuse. If you’re going out on Halloween, you’ll have to wear a costume. But if you’re not into spending tons of cash and time on a slutty/complicated/unrecognizable look, there are plenty of completely awesome options for the lazy partier.
Just check out this list of last minute DIY Halloween costumes even you can make. [Ranker]

 
If you are a Walking DeadWalking Dead fan, then you may have had your heart whacked in two by a samurai sword after Sunday night’s episode.
The creators of the AMC series have categorically made no promises on which character you’ve come to love will die and which will not. I mean, there are the comic books, and if you’ve read them, you know there are many favorites who perish in gruesome ways. [Pink Is the New Blog]

 
Amy Schumer’s “crusade” against guns continues, three months after a gunman in Louisiana at her hit summer movie shot up the theater, killing two people and himself.
Schumer joined her cousin, U.S. Sen. Chuck Schumer (they refer to themselves as Schumer & Schumer), at a Sunday news conference on the steps of New York City Hall to launch what they call a “crusade against guns.” [Us Weekly]


Today's Hottest Celebrity Sightings Photos








































116 Photos »


/n