Miley Cyrus Says She’s Stopped Smoking Weed (For Now)/n





                    Here's What Happening with Liam Hemsworth and Miley Cyrus' Wedding Plans
                







It looks like Liam Hemsworth and his fiancée, Miley Cyrus, are in no hurry to say “I do".

 MORE >>





Gone are the days of nipple pasties and twerking.

Miley Cyrus is putting her wild days behind her in the latest issue of Billboard. Speaking about her more domesticated life with fiancé Liam Hemsworth, the “Wrecking Ball” singer claims she’s moved beyond all the things that made headlines — from gyrating on Robin Thicke to wearing next to nothing — during her Bangerz phase. In fact, she says she’s even stopped smoking weed.


all the times miley cyrus went topless








































21 Photos »


“I haven’t smoked weed in three weeks, which is the longest I’ve ever [gone without it]. I’m not doing drugs, I’m not drinking, I’m completely clean right now! That was just something that I wanted to do,” she tells the publication. “When I want something, it’s fucking easy for me. But if anyone told me not to smoke, I would have not done it. It’s because it was on my time. I know exactly where I am right now.”
She explains, “I like to surround myself with people that make me want to get better, more evolved, open. And I was noticing, it’s not the people that are stoned. I want to be super clear and sharp, because I know exactly where I want to be.”





CREDIT: Brian Bowen Smith 


Since rekindling her romance with Hemsworth in late 2015, the 24-year-old has been working on a secret album that is a complete 180 degrees from her previous one. “Malibu,” the record’s first single that’s slated to be released May 10, is about her romance with the Hunger Games actor.
“They’re going to talk about me if I come out of a restaurant with Liam. So why not put the power back in my relationship and say, ‘This is how I feel,” Cyrus reasons.
The couple, who met on the set of 2010’s The Last Song, broke things off in 2013. Though they’ve since reconciled, Cyrus believes the breakup actually helped both of them become the people they are today.


Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth's Cute Couple Moments








































21 Photos »


“I needed to change so much. And changing with someone else not changing like that is too hard. Suddenly you’re like, ‘I don’t recognize you anymore,'” she says. “We had to refall for each other.”
Cyrus admits the evolution has also impacted her approach to music, saying, “All the ­nipple pastie shit, that’s what I did because I felt it was part of my political movement, and that got me to where I am now. I’m evolving, and I surround myself with smart people that are evolved.”
“But not granola,” she adds of her new sound. “I don’t listen to Ed Sheeran and John Mayer and stuff.”





CREDIT: Brian Bowen Smith 


/n