Diabolical Psychopath Charles Manson's Shocking Prison Letters Exposed!/n
Charles Manson is still trying to manipulate his convicted killer cult groupies from behind bars, and RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned that his actions are taking a toll on his murder victims’ surviving family members.
Leslie Van Houten, who admitted that she stabbed Rosemary LaBianca at the bequest of Manson the night after the Sharon Tate murders, was recently recommended for parole, even though she confessed that she is still in contact with her cult leader.
“Over the years, now and then, he’ll send something in through the mail,” Van Houten shockingly told the parole board on April 14, 2016.
PHOTOS: 30 Cold Blooded Murderers Who Were Women
“I received something in the mail through him which I think came from someone else writing it for him,” she said, revealing to the board the last time she heard from Manson was in 2013.
READ MANSON FAMILY MEMBER LESLIE VAN HOUTEN’S TESTIMONY HERE
Van Houten went on to describe the letters she received from Manson.
“I’ve only, over the 40-year period, I’ve probably only received three missives and I turned them over to the institutional investigator’s office,” she said.
But Van Houten also admitted that she read the letters and that Mason was still trying to manipulate her.
PHOTOS: Killer Moms! 15 Cold-Blooded Women Who Murdered Their Own Kids
“[He] accused me for not standing loyal, making up stuff, you know, not – it’s all geared towards him getting out of prison and being critical of me and I’ve turned into the very thing that he tried to save me from, you know,” said Van Houten.
Victim Sharon Tate’s sister, Debra Tate, who attended the parole hearing, told Radar that she was disgusted by Van Houten’s admission and believes that she is not reformed and should not be released back into society.
“I think that is extremely valid and a telling sign,” she said about the Manson letters.
PHOTOS: Serial Killers In A Skirt — 30 Cold Blooded Murderers Who Are Women
However, Van Houten placed the blame for the communication on her prison.
“First of all, I wonder why the authorities didn’t catch it and then I feel uncomfortable that he remembers me,” Van Houten told the board in her testimony.
But Tate told Radar Van Houten’s finger pointing could be an indicator that she is still under Manson’s spell.
PHOTOS: The Most Infamous Cold Case Murders
“Her immediate response was ‘the system should have prevented that’ — that isn’t taking responsibility,” she pointed out.
Tate also revealed that Van Houten’s prison record shows she has an affinity for evil men.
“She was allowed to have a 15-year sexual letter relationship with another double homicide individual in another state,” Tate claimed. “It was two murders talking to each other. She had a 15-year sexual relationship until the man died.”
PHOTOS: Most Notorious American Murder Trials
Tate told Radar that she’s now doing everything she can to fight Van Houten’s release, including starting the petition “Keep Charles Manson cult member Leslie Van Houten from early prison release.”
“What kind of choices is this woman making? That tells me that she is still attracted to the dark side,” Tate blasted. /n