Lost Redux: Step Aside, Thelma and Louise My sweet baboos—don't read this Redux if you haven't already seen Lost's latest episode, "Tricia Tanaka Is Dead" and/or you're afraid of being spoiled for future ep.../n
 My sweet baboos—don't read this Redux if you haven't already seen Lost's latest episode, "Tricia Tanaka Is Dead" and/or you're afraid of being spoiled for future eps.   Got it? Good.  Now...

 What did I tell you?! With the funny and the brotherly love and the coupley love and the angst and the Danielle and the "I know how to drive, dudes" and "Your father totally put me up to this" and the stinky flat beer and the English lessons—sigh. So good. Oh, who am I kidding? It was awesome. I totally teared up when that engine revved to life. I'm telling you—better than Cats! (I felt like this was a grown-up, jungle-riffic episode of Our Gang, and oh, how I love these Little Rascals! Honestly, I would so watch a show that was nothing but Red Neck Man, Jinbo, Jiminy Crickett, Snuffy and the dog, hanging out and talking to skeletons with the last name Workman.)  Damon and Carlton Answer You!  Watch the Lost bonus clip at the right if you want Damon and Carlton's answers to your questions about the Dharma logo in the pilot, what really happened to Kate after her breakfast with Benry, the new time slot and, oh yeah, the other Others. Yeah, you heard me—Other Others! (And something tells me one of them will be Marsha Thomason. Call it a hunch.)  Paging Dr. Anna Graham...  Anybody else suspect there might be an anagram in the name of the skeleton we met last night, Roger Workman? It seems like a suspiciously vowelly name. Okra grew Norm? Warn germ rook? Err, gawk moron? Can someone please file a search request with the Lost hive mind?  What Lies Ahead  Crossover Madness!  I'm hearing that Locke's flashback is "The Man from Tallahassee," and I predict a crossover bonanza! Kate once bought a train ticket to Tallahassee, Sawyer picked up his STD in Tallahassee (snicker) and there's long been speculation that the father of Sawyer's dark side (the original Sawyer) and Locke's biological father (Anthony Cooper) are one and the same. Is it possible we'd get the story behind Locke's paralysis and Sawyer's nemesis in one Tallatastic ep?  More Crossover Madness!  When I met up with Kim Dickens (Sawyer's squeeze, Cass) a few weeks back, she spilled that she was on her way to Hawaii to shoot another Lost. I assumed that she was shooting a Sawyer flashback, but after Damon and Carlton hinted in a MediaVillage interview that a Kate flashback is coming up, I'm wondering, could Cass be crossing over to Kate's past? Since Kate's mom showed up in Sawyer's past, do these two have more in common than we think?  Hope for Skaters:  It's not all sunshine and kittens with Sawyer and Kate right now, but hang in there for more between the con man and the fugitive. I asked the big bosses whether we would ever get something more like that hot sex scene in the Zoo of Death, and Carlton Cuse promised, "You’ll get either more cages or more sex in an upcoming episode…Just for you." Even better, he added, "Kate and Sawyer are not over. Not by a long shot." Hear that? It's the collective squeal of the Skater nation.  Did you hear?  Life & Style magazine is reporting that Dominic Monaghan has been told he won't be back for next season. I am on the case and will report back the second I hear anything more. Stand by. P.S. I have a huge spoiler to share with you in Monday's Spoiler Chat. You're gonna like it.  —Additional reporting by Jennifer Godwin
/n