EXCLUSIVE! Channing Tatum to Present LGBT Award to His White House Down Director Roland Emmerich Channing Tatum is coming out to the 26th annual GLAAD Media Awards. I can exclusively reveal that the Magic Mike XXL star will present this year.../n
Channing Tatum is coming out to the 26th annual GLAAD Media Awards.I can exclusively reveal that the Magic Mike XXL star will present this year's Stephen F. Kolzak Award to his White House Down director Roland Emmerich.The award is given to an openly LGBT media professional who has made a significant contribution in the fight for equality. Emmerich has been a longtime supporter of the Los Angeles LGBT Center, Outfest's Legacy Project to preserve LGBT film history and marriage equality organization Freedom to Marry.Past recipients of the Kolzak Award include Laverne Cox, Wanda Sykes, Rufus Wainwright, Melissa Etheridge, Bill Condon, Ellen DeGeneres, and Sir Ian McKellen.

Emmerich most recently wrapped Stonewall, a drama about the start of the modern day gay rights movement, the 1969 Stonewall Riots in New York City."As one of Hollywood's most sought-after film directors, Roland Emmerich has entertained audiences across the globe. His generosity has touched the lives of countless LGBT people, bringing shelter to homeless youth and preserving culture-changing stories that help close the gap to full acceptance," GLAAD President & CEO Sarah Kate Ellis said in a statement. "Now, with the upcoming release of Stonewall, millions of moviegoers all across the world will see the harms of anti-LGBT discrimination and learn about the historic riots that forever changed equality in America."The GLAAD Media Awards take place in L.A. on March 21 at the Beverly Hilton hotel with the New York ceremony happening on May 9 at the Waldorf Astoria New York.Outstanding Film: Wide Release nominees include The Imitation Game, Love Is Strange, Pride, The Skeleton Twins and Tammy. Limited release films vying for the outstanding award include Dear White People, Life Partners, Lilting, The Way He Looks and Will You Still Love Me Tomorrow.Television nominees include The Fosters, Game of Thrones, How to Get Away With Murder, Orphan Black, Transparent, Glee, Looking, Orange Is the New Black, Brooklyn Nine-Nine and Modern Family.
/n