 Funerals Held For 6-Year-Old Sandy Hook Victims, 'Loving & Vivacious' Jack Pinto And.../n
By Radar Staff
“An impish, larger-than-life little boy” and an avid New York Giants fan wearing a jersey bearing the name of his favorite player. The first funerals for victims of the Sandy Hook Elementary School massacre were held on Monday as the residents of Newtown, Conn. – still reeling from the horrific attack – came out in force to pay their respects. 
PHOTOS: First Funerals Held For Sandy Hook Massacre Victims, Two 6-Year-Old Boys Laid To Rest
Tributes came pouring in as services were held for students Jack Pinto and Noah Pozner, both six years old. 
Jack – a sports fan who loved baseball, football and wrestling – lay in an open white casket as dozens of families who couldn’t fit into the funeral home stood outside in the cold and the rain.
PHOTOS: The Victims Of The Sandy Hook Elementary School Massacre
According to the MailOnline, one mourner was so overcome with emotion that an ambulance had to be called after she fainted. 
Irv Trager, whose son played football with Jack’s brother, said: “I just feel for the families. It’s unfathomable what happened here.”
PHOTOS: Stars Who Died In Bizarre Ways 
Parents were seen outside comforting crying children while many little boys attended their friend’s funeral wearing Newtown Wrestling sweaters.  
“Jack was an incredibly loving and vivacious young boy,” Dean and Tricia Pinto said about their son in an obituary posted in the Newtown Bee.
PHOTOS: Celebs Who Died Young
Outside the Jewish service for Noah, a teddy bear and bouquet of white flowers lay at the base of an oak tree. Mourners at his funeral included Connecticut Governor Dannel Malloy, who had the unenviable task on Friday of telling 20 sets of parents that their children were dead. 
Noah left behind four siblings, including his twin sister Arielle who survived the attack.
PHOTOS: Celebrities Found Dead In Famous Hotels
In his obituary, his parents Lenny and Veronique Pozner described their son as being the “light of our family, a little soul devoid of spite and meanness.”
The streets of Newtown were clogged with mourners – some of whom had traveled from as far away as Georgia just to lend their support.
PHOTOS: Celebrities We Lost In 2011
On Sunday, New York Giants player Victor Cruz, Jack’s favorite player, took to the field in Atlanta wearing shoes with “R.I.P Jack Pinto” written on the side. 
Earlier that day he tweeted: “Today’s game is for you Jack.”
RELATED STORIES:
Anonymous Vows To ‘Destroy’ Westboro Baptist Church Over Plan To Picket Sandy Hook Funerals, ‘We Know Where You’re Sleeping’
Newtown’s Only Undertaker Describes His ‘Week From Hell’ As First Shooting Victims Are Buried
Discovery Channel Cancels American Guns, NRA Takes Down Facebook Page Following Sandy Hook Shootings
Texas Gun Range Defends Tradition Of Posing Kids With Santa Claus & Semi-Automatic Rifles /n