JonBenet Ramsey Suspect Confesses! His Sick Crimes Exposed In Court/n
JonBenet Ramsey Suspect Gary Oliva has pleaded guilty to possessing child porn, RadarOnline.com has learned.
Boulder County District Attorney’s Office spokeswoman Catherine Olguin confirmed to Radar that convicted child molester Oliva pleaded guilty to two counts of possession of sexual exploitive material on March 9.
Currently behind bars on a $10,000 bail, he will be sentenced on May 19 to an “indeterminate prison sentence” — which means he will remain locked up until he passes the state’s sex offender treatment.
Olguin said the parole board will determine if and when he should be released from prison — after his “treatment” – but he faces up to six years.
PHOTOS: Secret Pedophile For Years! How Jared Fogle Got Away With His Sick Child Sex Crimes In 8 Clicks
Oliva was arrested in June amid allegations he’d uploaded disturbingly graphic images to a Google email account.
Boulder police received a cybertip from Google about the matter, but he was already well known to the local authorities.
Infamous Ramsey murder investigator Lou Smit identified Oliva as a potential suspect in the killing years ago, noting that he was registered as a sex offender close to the Ramsey home, and showed up at a candlelight vigil after the pageant queen’s gruesome death.
PHOTOS:Child Sex Fiend Jerry Sandusky Insists He’s Innocent In Shocking Courtroom Outburst
What’s more, Oliva was reported to have tried to strangle his own mother, and spent time in prison for assaulting a seven-year-old girl.
Ramsey was found dead in her parents’ Patsy and John’s Boulder home on Christmas Day, 1996.
Oliva always denied he’d had anything to do with her killing, but he claimed the 6-year-old had “revealed herself” to him after her death, sparking a years-long obsession.
Story developing.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n