Corinne Olympios Not Returning to ‘Bachelor in Paradise’ Following Own Investigation/n





                    Corinne Olympios Says She's a Victim
                







"This is my worst nightmare."

 MORE >>










                    DeMario Jackson Reveals Graphic Details About Encounter with Corinne Olympios
                







“She gets up out of the pool and puts her lady parts in my face. Like, right on my face.”

 MORE >>





Corinne Olympios’ stint on Bachelor in Paradise has ended after just one day on set.

The reality star decided not to return to the ABC series following her own investigation into a sexual encounter with DeMario Jackson, in which a field producer alleged may not have not been consensual as Corinne was drunk at the time.
“My intent over the past few weeks has been to learn and understand what happened on June 4. While I never filed complaints or accusations against anyone associated with Bachelor in Paradise, my team and I felt it was very important to be thorough in getting to the bottom of what had occurred,” Corinne said in a statement. “I felt victimized by the fact that others were judging me through conflicting and unsubstantiated reports, while I myself had no recollection of the events that transpired.”
“My team’s investigation into this matter has now been completed to my satisfaction. I am also happy about the changes that have been made to the production of Bachelor In Paradise,” she continued. “While I am extremely grateful for the opportunity to have been a participant on The Bachelor, and while I was invited to return to Bachelor In Paradise when production resumed, I respectfully made the decision not to return.”



A post shared by Corinne Olympios (@colympios) on May 17, 2017 at 1:34pm PDT



As previously reported, Corinne hired lawyer Marty Singer to launch her own investigation into the matter after Warner Bros. cleared DeMario of any wrong doing.
Since then, DeMario spoke out about the incident, claiming Corinne was the “aggressor” who suggested they have oral sex in a swimming pool at the Mexico resort where filming was taking place.
Warner Bros. cited footage shot during the incident did “not support any charge of misconduct by a cast member.”
“Out of respect for the privacy interests of those involved, we do not intend to release the videotape of the incident,” a statement read, adding production for the fourth season will resume with a “plan to implement certain changes to the show’s policies and procedures to enhance and further ensure the safety and security of all participants.”





/n