Get The Look! Julianne Hough Stuns At The Safe Haven Premiere/n
Now that’s how to dominate a red carpet!
Julianne Hough stunned at the Los Angeles premiere of Safe Haven on Tuesday night, flashing her flesh in a stunning and angelic Alberta Ferretti gown and finishing off the look with a flawless face of makeup and intricate updo. RadarOnline.com has all the details about how makeup artist Spencer Barnes brought out Julianne’s beauty for her big night!
PHOTOS: Julianne Hough Stuns At Safe Haven Premiere
“Her entire look was inspired by her Alberta Ferretti dress which was a very sheer, nude color with beautiful, subtle detailing and shimmering pieces. We wanted to keep the makeup in line with that magical, ethereal feeling, nothing too strong,” the celebrity makeup artist, who used Votre Vu www.votrevu.vom products on Hough, revealed.
“I started by prepping Julianne’s skin with the Votre Vu Attentive Skincare Line for sensitive skin. She was extremely happy with the result from the products because she was feeling a bit under the weather and felt her skin was originally looking a bit lackluster. The product that I liked the most was the Attentive Crème du Jour, which I applied with a foundation brush in order to get a very even veil.
PHOTOS: Julianne Hough and Ryan Seacrest Beach Pics
“We wanted to focus to be her eyes, so we went with a very natural face. I applied the Votre Vu Love Me Deux in Provence all over to give her skin a youthful, luminous, lightweight look.
“Then to give her a little color back, I took the Vu-On Rouge in Bouquet Rose andused my fingers to warm it up on the back of my hand, then blended it onto the apples of her cheeks. This skin-on-skin application made it softer and sheerer. Then I took a lip brush and applied the Vu-On Rouge in Bouquet Rose directly onto her lips with it. The brush gave greater control and a heavier application for denser color. I finished her lips offwith a pale nude gloss to give it a bit more moisture and then set her facewith the Belle Poudre HD Sheer Face Powder in Medium.
PHOTOS: The 20 Hottest Beach Bodies Of The Holiday Season
“Next, I used the Beauté en Bronze duo and used a larger powder brush to give her a little kiss of sun and then an angled brush to sculpt the sides of the face, cheek bones, neck and jawline. Then I took the blush and applied it right on the apples of the cheeks. Placement was key with this duo to get the dynamic quality ofthem playing off of each other.
“Now for her eyes, the focus of the face.
“I prepped her lids with a nude shadow base. Then took the Le Joli Crayon in Aubergine and smudged it into her upper lash line. Then using a trio of eye shadows from Face Atelier, I created an iridescent look of pale silver, pink/gold, and deep brown.
PHOTOS: Ryan Seacrest and Julianne Hough Vacation In St. Barts
“Lastly, I curled her lashes, applied the Eiffel Power mascara and then finished off with her brows using the Arch de Triumphe in Fair.
“To set her face for the night, I used the À Votre Santé Refreshing Spray.”
PHOTOS: Sexiest Dancing Divas
As soon as Hough put on her gorgeous gown, Barnes was immediately happy with his work.
“When she got into the dress, it was apparent that the look had come together perfectly.” /n