Reese Witherspoon Says She’s in Talks for ‘Big Little Lies’ Season 2/n





                    Nicole Kidman Wants You to Support Donald Trump
                







Say whaaaat?

 MORE >>










                    Nicole Kidman and Reese Witherspoon Smile Big for ‘Big Little Lies’
                







BFF and ever!

 MORE >>





We may be getting a second season of Big Little Lies after all!

Reese Witherspoon, who executive produced and starred in the series as one of the three main leads, recently revealed she’s been talking to the author of the book in which the series was based on about expanding its storylines. Though Liane Moriarty have yet to pen a sequel, the actress said “there’s a possibility” of developing a new material based on the beloved characters.
“Yeah, Nicole [Kidman] and I just spoke about it three days ago,” Witherspoon told E! News about potentially starring in another season. “We’re talking to Liane Moriarty, who wrote the book, about how could these characters go on, what would happen? We definitely left it open-ended so there’s a possibility there.”
Moriarty also previously stated she’s open t the idea of writing a sequel solely for it to be adapted for television. “I have started to think about ways this could continue,” she told the Sydney Morning Herald earlier this month. “The producers have asked me to see if I can come up with some ideas. I wouldn’t write a new book but perhaps a new story and then we’ll see what happens.”


Nicole Kidman and Reese Witherspoon Film Scenes for ‘Big Little Lies’








































13 Photos »


As fans may know, the seven-parter ended with the death of Alexander Skarsgård’s abusive character after Bonnie (Zoë Kravitz) pushed him down the stairs in front of Celeste (Kidman), Madeleine (Witherspoon), Jane (Shailene Woodley) and Renata (Laura Dern). To restore balance to their familial lives, the five women covered for each other when questioned by the police.
While Witherspoon and Moriarty may be on board for another season, director Jean-Marc Vallée is not so keen on making more episodes.
“To do a season two, I’m not for it,” he told The Hollywood Reporter after the finale. “Let’s move on and do something else! If there’s an opportunity to reunite with Reese, Nicole and these characters of course, I’ll be a part of it, but Big Little Lies 1 is a one-time deal. Big Little Lies 2? Nah. The end is for the audience to talk about. Imagine what you want to imagine and that’s it. We won’t give you a season two because it’s so good like this. Why spoil it?”


Reese Witherspoon Films ‘Big Little Lies'








































8 Photos »


/n