still tearing up thinking about it. Thank you for that and for your beautiful, special performance, " she continued. "Also a big thank you so much to Geraldine for putting it all together and to @contemporarycatering @robpauerful f.../n
Ariel Winter is officially college bound!After graduating from high school last week, the Modern Family star celebrated with an awesome party hosted by her sister Shanelle Gray. The redheaded bombshell shared a photo of some of the party's lavish decorations, including an amazing themed cake. Standing next to the black-and-white decorated table, Ariel stunned in a skintight dress that featured a very risqué keyhole cutout.In the caption, the actress became overcome with emotion while paying tribute to her family for supporting her throughout high school."Couldn't be more grateful to @shanelle_gray & @davidbarrygray for throwing me the most amazing graduation party ever last night...the amount of love and support they've shown me for the past four years has been life changing. My sister is my absolute best friend and my everything...Thank you so much," she began her lengthy caption.



Instagram

"I couldn't be luckier or more grateful. I was in awe last night and I still am that you guys love me that much to do all of that for me...I never would be where I am today without you two...you guys saved me and taught me to be the person I am today. Dad...I love you!!! Thank you for always being there to support and love me as well and always put a smile on my face no matter what :). I'm so grateful for the bond we now share."She also gave some of her best friends shout outs, thanking them for everything they've contributed to her life and the party. "Alenah the song you put together with Shanelle and recorded for me was one of the most special gifts I've ever received. I'm still tearing up thinking about it. Thank you for that and for your beautiful, special performance, " she continued. "Also a big thank you so much to Geraldine for putting it all together and to @contemporarycatering @robpauerful for the most amazing food! A special thank you as well to Sharon who is probably the biggest reason I was able to get through high school and accepted into college...you pushed me to always do my best and encouraged me...not to mention you were always there for my 1am freak outs about late projects :)."

She concluded, "Anddddd thank you SO MUCH to all of my amazing family members and friends that flew in to celebrate with us- you guys are the absolute best. Thank you also to the ones who didn't have to fly in...so much love was felt all around last night. Thank you thank you thank you!!!!!! Class of 2016...#uclabound."Congratulations, Ariel!
/n