if you want to successfully pull off Parisian style. Apiece Apart Nueva Augustina Striped Linen and Silk-Blend Tunic, $295; River Island Silver Tone Opal Rings Pack, $24; H&M Skinny Low Ankle Jeans, $30; Jeffrey Campbell Valens Oxford, $.../n
You know the saying, "do as the French?" Well, it's a saying for a reason (case in point: Àstrid Bergès-Frisbey's killer outfit).Paris is home base for some of the world's biggest fashion brands (Chanel, Saint Laurent, Lanvin…the list goes on), which makes the city a trendsetting force to be reckoned with. But when it comes to what they actually wear themselves, on a daily basis, they're set on a certain style—a uniform, per se.Dressing like a Parisian is an art. If you can get it right, it doesn't matter what time of day, where you're going or who you're with because no matter what you'll always look très chic. Interested? Keep reading.

When it comes to French dressing, less is more. Keep these two things in mind when pulling off a typically all-black-everything Parisian look:- The color black is one of the most important ingredients because of its simplicity and stature. It will always be classic and sophisticated.- Keep accessories to a minimum because with too many components, an outfit can feel overloaded (this is the trick to keeping your outfits timeless).Deux Lux Berlin Clutch, $77; The Kooples Lace-Trimmed Silk Camisole, $195; Mango Inverted Lapels Jacket, $80; Babaton Eckhardt Pant, $145; Public Desire Una Black Pointed Toe Heeled Shoes, $49; Nordstrom BP. Crystal Statement Necklace, $24

No matter the occasion (whether they're headed to a museum opening or a dinner date), they'll always opt for laid-back, relaxed silhouettes. It's all about effortless style—like actress Jeanne Damas' amazing dress and boot combination. 

That brings us to our next point, you'll rarely find a Parisian in heels, unless it's Paris Fashion Week. Ankle boots, oxford shoes and sneakers are the way to go.Iris and Ink Naomi Pussy-Bow Cashmere Sweater, $198; Zara Leather Patchwork Mini Skirt, $70; Phase 3 Zip Faux Leather Crossbody Bag, $58; Maison Margiela Navy Round Heel Ankle Boot, $700; Chanel Rouge Allure Intense Long-Wear Lip Colour, $37

Black and white stripes are as stereotypical to French fashion as berets, but modern interpretations (like Clémence Poésy's tunic) keep the trend fresh. It's a minimalist's dream wardrobe. 

Take note that menswear has influenced this signature French women's fashion in a big way. Meaning: don't shy from tailored tops, blazers or trousers if you want to successfully pull off Parisian style.Apiece Apart Nueva Augustina Striped Linen and Silk-Blend Tunic, $295; River Island Silver Tone Opal Rings Pack, $24; H&M Skinny Low Ankle Jeans, $30; Jeffrey Campbell Valens Oxford, $150; Topshop Wide Brim Fedora Hat, $48 
/n