Eva Longoria Is Married! Actress Weds Jose Antonio Baston in Private Ceremony "Everyone's asking us [about the wedding], but we're just enjoying the moment that we're in," the L'Oreal spokesperson shared before .../n
Introducing Mr. and Mrs. Baston!Eva Longoria and Jose Antonio Baston have just tied the knot, E! News has learned. The happy couple got married near Mexico City in front of their close family and friends in a private ceremony.According to Hola! USA and photos obtained by Al Rojo Vivo on Telemundo, Eva wore a sleeveless eggshell white Victoria Beckham sheath wedding gown with a sweetheart neckline while her special man wore a three-piece gray Brunello Cucinelli suit. Telemundo also reports the wedding took place in Valle de Bravo which is about 97 miles southwest of Mexico City.Victoria and husband David Beckham, as well as were among the guests, as were Ricky Martin, Mario Lopez and Melanie Griffith.Longoria spilled the news that she was engaged to her longtime beau back in December of last year, after she posted a photo on Instagram from their vacation in Dubai.And just last week, while at the Cannes Film Festival, Longoria played coy about the details surrounding her wedding planning to E! News.

"Everyone's asking us [about the wedding], but we're just enjoying the moment that we're in," the L'Oreal spokesperson shared before adding that her three stepchildren are "really a great gift to me."The 41-year-old and her new hubby began dating back in 2013 and have tried to keep their relationship mostly out of the public eye.But during a recent guest appearance on Today, the former Desperate Housewives star opened up about the love in the life, who she lovingly refers to as "Pepe."

"He's amazing, he's gorgeous and really the kindest human being I've ever met. He's really private, so I never talk about him."She further shared how being single after her second divorce for a lengthy period of time helped to prepare her for finding her third husband after all."I learned to be content on my end. I think I needed that to be ready for what I have with Pepe."This will mark the third marriage for Longoria, who was married to General Hospital actor Tyler Christopher from 2002 to 2004 and to NBA star Tony Parker from 2007 to 2011.Congratulations to the happy couple on the exciting wedding news!(E! and Telemundo are part of the NBCUniversal family)
/n