Break The Door Down! Cops Serve Warrant To Michael Jackson's Staff In Epic Raid/n
The Sheriff’s raid on Michael Jackson‘s house to seize evidence against him in his child molestation case was all caught on video and RadarOnline.com has the exclusive footage.
In 2003, the Santa Barbara County District Attorney’s office obtained a search warrant and descended upon the Neverland Ranch to gather evidence against Jackson.
The “Thriller” star was charged with seven felony counts of child molestation and two felony counts of providing an intoxicant to a minor under the age of 14 in order to seduce him.
Items “collected by the Santa Barbara County Sheriff’s Department paint a dark and frightening picture of Jackson,” an investigator on the case told Radar.
PHOTOS: Michael Jackson’s Secret Pain: Never-Before-Seen Drawings Illustrate Anxiety, Depression & Insecurity, Art Therapist Claims
In the official law enforcement video that was preserved for evidentiary reasons, the Sheriffs are seen explaining the search process to “Jose,” who worked for Jackson.
“Cause we’re law enforcement doing that,” the officer explained to the man who seemed reluctant to allow them into the home.
“Other than that, Jose, I’d have to break the doors, and I’d rather not do that Jose. OK?”
The Sheriff seems to be assuring the employee that he will not be in trouble with Jackson for allowing the officers onto the property. They later discuss “Joe,” possibly in a reference to Michael’s father, Joe Jackson.
“We can’t let Joe onto the property right now,” the sheriff says, and then explains that they are recording their interactions so that Jackson can see that Jose had no choice but to allow the raid to take place.
PHOTOS: Michael Jackson’s Secret Ex-Lover Tells All: He Wasn’t An ‘Asexual’ ‘Man Child!’
“So he’s gonna order you, say ‘OK, I’m ordering you to open the doors.’ That’s on tape so you’re absolved.”
The sheriff tells Jose: “I’ll also say ‘Otherwise I have to break the doors.’ I’m going to cover you.”
He then details exactly what was allowed in the warrant that yielded videos, photographs and other items from the Gloved One’s private home, as Radar exclusively reported.
“I’m going to show you here. This search warrant is good because the judge signed it and is shows everything that we can go into the whole house here. OK? All right. It shows Neverland ranch. Mountain Road. Buildings, main residence, security headquarters and the attachments. OK? It shows that, that we can go in here.”
PHOTOS: Inside Michael Jackson’s Twisted Closet Of Secrets
As Radar reported, some evidence seized in the home included filthy photos and videos of men, women, boys and girls in perverted positions — to drugs to treat sex addiction, with multiple prescriptions written by a variety of physicians for people close to the star.
Once the sheriffs were inside the house, they went to “Mr. Jackson’s main area,” and the video revealed his massively cluttered closet, bedrooms and master suite area.
As the video reveals, Jackson had an eerie collection of dolls scattered throughout the rooms, including a baby doll, an Alfred E. Newman doll and an ET doll.
Former Santa Barbara Senior Assistant District Attorney Ron Zonen, who helped prosecute Jackson, told Radar: “A lot of this stuff was used to desensitize the children, and Michael admitted taking one child after another into bed with him for long periods of time.”
The upstairs master bedroom is filled with a large bed and a glittering bedspread. There is a wooden baby crib next to the bed and a huge screen on the wall opposite the bed.
“We identified five different boys, who all made allegations of sexual abuse,” continued Zonen. “There’s not much question in my mind that Michael was guilty of child molestation.” /n