Princess Diana's Intimate Tapes Reveal Agonizing Childhood/n
Twenty years after the death of Princess Diana, author Andrew Morton has leaked the late royal’s most intimate recordings, RadarOnline.com has learned.
According to The Daily Mail, Diana spoke out in the tapes about her deeply unhappy childhood, admitting that her parents’ constant arguing and divorce led her to despair at the young age of 7.
“I saw my father slap my mother across the face,” revealed Diana in one of the tapes. “I was hiding behind the door, and Mummy was crying. I remember Mummy crying an awful lot.”
PHOTOS: Other Royals Caught With Their Clothes Off!
In 1991, when Prince Charles rekindled his affair with Camilla Parker Bowles, Diana made the decision to share her pain by recording her deepest and darkest thoughts to royal biographer Morton. He kept them under wraps — until now.
In 1967, Diana’s mother Frances left her father for wallpaper tycoon Peter Shand Kydd and moved out of the family home in Norfolk. While she very much wanted her children to come with her, Diana’s father ultimately won the bitter custody battle.
The late princess idolized her eldest sister Sarah, and used to do all her errands when she came home from school.
PHOTOS: Shocking Scandals Of The Royal Family
“I packed her suitcase, ran her bath, made her bed — the whole lot. I did it all and I thought it was wonderful. I soon learned that doing that wasn’t such a good idea,” Diana said.
Diana claimed her constant change in nannies was due to the fact that her father was an attractive man, and women wanted to be around him.
“If we didn’t like them, we used to stick pins in their chair and throw their clothes out of the window. We always thought they were a threat because they tried to take mother’s position.
PHOTOS: Prince Harry’s Girlfriend Meghan Markle Claims ‘People Wanted To Kill Me!’
They were all very young and rather pretty. They were chosen by my father,” she admitted.
Deeply torn by her parents’ divorce, Diana said the most difficult decision she ever had to make was choose between two dresses – one given to her by her mother and one by her father – to wear to a wedding rehearsal.
“And they were both so smart, the dresses, and I can’t remember to this day which one I wore. But I remember being totally traumatized by it because it would show favoritism,” she said.
Over all, the late royal’s childhood was filled with pain and heartbreak – a feeling that continued when her seemingly perfect marriage to Prince Charles ended.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n