 Hollywood Here I Come! Emily Maynard Confirmed For New Season Of Dancing With The Stars!.../n
By Debbie Emery – Radar Reporter
Emily Maynard is ditching her search for true love and putting on her dancing shoes to jive away her heartache!
The newly-single Bachelorette is officially locked in as a contestant on the upcoming 16th season of Dancing With The Stars, reveals the new issue of Star magazine, and while it is news to the fans of both ABC shows, Emily has known about it for six months!
“When she signed her contract to be on The Bachelorette, ABC also had her sign on to commit to doing Dancing with the Stars. She loves being in the limelight,” a source told Star, adding that while some of the other hoofers are desperate to land certain pros as their partners, all Emily seemingly cares about is dancing her way into a television career.
PHOTOS: Emily Maynard And Jef Holm Pack On The PDA
“Emily told me the real reason she wants to do the show is to help get herself her own talk show,” dished the insider. “She’s terrified of losing her fame. She loves being famous and has wanted it her entire life.”
Meanwhile, the new reality opportunity will no doubt make the already stressed relationship between Emily and the grandparents of her seven-year-old Josephine Riddick “Ricki” Hendrick even more strained as it will require her to spend a chunk of time in Los Angeles for practice and filming.
PHOTOS: Emily Maynard Bares Her Bra For Jef Holm’s Birthday Dinner
As RadarOnline.com previously reported, “Rick and Linda were horrified by the news that Emily wants to move to California,” said a source. “They can’t bear the thought of Ricki being that far away from them, she is the one thing that makes the pain of losing their son tolerable. They see so much of [their son] Ricky in their granddaughter, they love her to pieces and have become incredibly close to her — she keeps the memory of Ricky alive.”
PHOTOS: Reality TV’s Hottest Stars
While The Bachelorette shifted locations to Charlotte, North Carolina for Maynard’s season of the show, she won’t have the same special privileges with DWTS!
For the full story, pick up the new issue of Star magazine — on newsstands Thursday.
 
RELATED STORIES:
Emily Maynard ‘Majorly Feuding’ With Daughter’s Grandparents Over Concerns She’s Putting Fame Before Motherhood
Bye Bye Emily Maynard! Jef Holm Moves On With 23-Year-Old
The Bachelorette Emily Maynard Dating Another Race Car Driver 
Emily Maynard Is Jealous That Arie Luyendyk Is Dating Courtney Robertson! /n