David Foster & Christie Brinkley Caught On A Date/n
Look out Yolanda Hadid and John Mellencamp, your former flames have found one another! Legendary music producer David Foster and supermodel Christie Brinkley have sparked a new romance, RadarOnline.com has learned.
According to Page Six, the pair was spotted on a date at Ralph Lauren’s Polo Bar on Wednesday night.
The date was reportedly going so well that it even caught the eye of Hillary Clinton, who was dining nearby with Lauren.
PHOTOS: David Foster Rebounds With Yolanda Lookalike
“Christie and David were on a date, and Hillary came over and greeted them. She gave Christie a warm hug,” an onlooker told the publication.
Later, they attended horn player Chris Botti’s show at the Blue Note Jazz Club, where another witness said the pair was “looking cozy.”



Chris Botti was enthralling and I loved how he shares the spotlight with his talented musicians giving each a chance to shine and they all wow the crowd with their brilliance! Hope your day today hits all the right notes!
A video posted by Christie Brinkley (@christiebrinkley) on Dec 15, 2016 at 9:35am PST



Of course, neither Brinkley nor Foster are strangers to relationships (they’ve both been married four times).
Most recently, Foster called it quits on his marriage  with former Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Yolanda Hadid, while Brinkley recently split from musician boyfriend John Mellencamp, Meg Ryan‘s ex.
According to sources, Brinkley and Foster met over the summer at Ronald Perelman’s annual Apollo in the Hamptons benefit.
PHOTOS:Yolanda’s Free! David Foster Was ‘Controlling & Jealous’ Husband From Hell, Ex Claims
For now, their dinner was “just a date,” the insider said, but it could blossom into a relationship.
Could this be the lucky strike for the two experienced romancers? Sound off in the comments below!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n