Tornado Rips Through Alabama Church and Daycare Center Killing 5/n
Deadly storms and tornadoes tore through the Southeast late Tuesday into early Wednesday, killing at least five people and injuring several more in Alabama and Tennessee.
Jackson County Coroner Harry Laney confirmed three deaths and multiple injuries in the Rosalie, Alabama, to PEOPLE. Laney said the victims were living in a mobile home, and another person in the home was critically injured.
The identities of the dead have not been released as victims’ families are still being notified.
Tennessee Emergency Management Agency spokesman Dean Flener told Fox News a husband and wife died in Polk County. At least two others were injured in the county while at least seven injuries were reported in McMinn County, Flener said.
Anthony Clifton, DeKalb County Emergency Management Director, tells PEOPLE that three children and three adults were critically injured after a 24-hour daycare in Dekalb County, Alabama was “completely destroyed” by the tornado.
According to Clifton, seven members of the family that runs the daycare, including three children, took shelter in the building upon hearing the tornado warnings, feeling it was a safer option than their mobile home. However, the building “collapsed on top of them” and six people, including the three children, were transported to a local trauma center. The other family member was treated onsite.


Ider Christian Daycare Academy also wiped out completely pic.twitter.com/RwiZrk1oYc
— Jake Berent WAFF (@JakeBerent) November 30, 2016

No children outside the family were in the building Tuesday night, Clifton said.
Four others in the county were also transported due to injuries from the storm, Clifton said.
Clifton said 50 to 60 homes in the county had been damaged with about half of them destroyed.
Jackson County Sheriff’s Office Chief Deputy Rocky Harnen told NBC News that 15 to 20 buildings in Rosalie, including a Baptist church, were destroyed in the early morning hours Wednesday.


7:30 am: down to 2,400 outages statewide, 2100 in western areas, 200 in eastern, 100 in Bham. Number could rise as storm moves east.
— Alabama Power (@alabamapower) November 30, 2016

Alabama Power said 2,400 customers were suffering from outages at 7:30 a.m. local time, down from 45,000 on Tuesday morning due to the storms and winds in the area.
/n