Is Carrie Underwood’s Marriage in Trouble?/n
It’s that time of the week again when the celebrity weeklies hit the newsstands. To separate what’s real and rumor, we turned to our friends at Gossip Cop for the 411 on this week’s most controversial stories.

Carrie Underwood’s marriage to Mike Fisher is “on thin ice,” reports OK!. The publication says that after seven years of marriage, their relationship is “on the rocks,” and they’re quickly “heading toward a split.” An insider adds, “They’re living separate lives.” For how and when Underwood and Fisher will officially announce they’re done, go to Gossip Cop.
Robert Pattinson and Katy Perry have been flirting nonstop behind FKA Twigs’ back, reports the National Enquirer. The magazine reveals, “Rob’s always had the hots for Katy and would jump at the chance to date her” because she’s his “dream woman.” For what Pattinson’s shockingly doing to make sure he and Perry “wind up together,” see what an insider leaks to Gossip Cop.
Kim Kardashian and Kanye West are buying an even “bigger and better” mansion than Beyonce and Jay-Z’s $130 million home in an effort to outdo them, reveals Life & Style. The magazine says they’re shelling out $200 million for a 56,000-square-foot, 123-room estate. For why Kardashian feels she needs to one-up Beyonce, log on to Gossip Cop.
Jennifer Lopez hired a private investigator to follow Alex Rodriguez after the recent cheating rumors about him, reveals Us Weekly. The  publication notes that the former baseball player found out about her detective tailing him, and “they had a huge fight.” For details about whether they’ll now split up, see what a Lopez pal confides to Gossip Cop.
“Sister Wives” star Kody Brown is divorcing his four wives, reports Life & Style. The publication reveals he’s dumping them because he feels the “divorces will be good for him, and also for ratings as he starts over again.” For how his wives are taking it, and when the divorces will be announced, see what a Sister Wives insider tells Gossip Cop.
/n