 Abortion Shocker! Jenelle Evans’ Ex-Hubby Confesses: ‘We Weren’t In Our Right Minds’.../n
Jenelle Evans aborted her child with then-husband Courtland Rogers when they split, but did he support her decision at the time? In an exclusive interview with RadarOnline.com, Rogers reveals if he regrets the terminated pregnancy.
“It takes two people to have a baby, I respect her wishes on that,” Rogers, 31, told Radar. “I don’t regret it. It’s what she wanted at the time. I had respect for her on the situation.”
The exes, who were married from 2012 to 2014, were arrested in April 2013 for heroin and assault for a domestic dispute.
PHOTOS: Jenelle Evans Shows Off Pictures Of Her Newborn Son Kaiser
“We weren’t in our right minds,” he said. “I don’t know what would’ve happened if we had the baby.”
Evans went on to welcome son Kaiser with ex-fiancé Nathan Griffith in 2014 and daughter Ensley with fiancé David Eason in 2017. She is also mother to son Jace, 7, with ex-boyfriend Andrew Lewis.
Although Evans has moved on, Rogers wouldn’t be opposed to getting back together.
PHOTOS: Tropical Taunts! ‘Severely Heartbroken’ Jenelle Evans Shares Bikini Snaps From Vacation, Is She Single Again?
“When we tried it out, we were both high,” he previously told Radar. “If I loved her that much on drugs, I could only imagine how it would be if we were sober.”
But he claims he will not reach out to Evans because she “looks happy” with Eason.
“At the end of the day, that’s all I ever wanted for her,” he said.
PHOTOS: Jenelle Evans: 18 Secrets, Scandals & Lies From The Controversial ‘Teen Mom’ Star’s Troubled Life
Rogers was sentenced to three years in prison for possession of heroin and for being a habitual felon. He was released from jail on March 18, 2017.
He says he has been sober since September 11, 2015.
“Being sober, the real Courtland wants Jenelle to be happy,” he admitted. “She deserves that in life.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n