Read the Hilarious Note Melissa Rivers Shared as Part of her Eulogy for Joan Rivers/n





                    R.I.P. JOAN RIVERS
                







Of course Joan Rivers had already planned her lavish funeral.

 MORE >>





Joan Rivers once expressed that she wanted a very “lights, camera, action” Hollywood funeral, and there’s no doubt she certainly got it.
From attendees like Whoopi Goldberg, Sarah Jessica Parker, Clive Davis and Diana Sawyer to eulogies delivered by Howard Stern, Cindy Adams and Deborah Norville and even a performance by Hugh Jackman, the service was as star-studded as the comedienne could have possibly hoped for.
But nothing was as totally Joan-Rivers-esq as the eulogy her daughter Melissa Rivers delivered that day.

The last few years of her life, Joan had been staying in a room at Melissa’s Los Angeles home when she would come to California to film Fashion Police… And apparently she had some issues with the accommodations.
 

JOan rivers' funeral attendees








































14 Photos »



So at the service, Melissa read a hilarious letter–part of her upcoming book A Letter to My Mom–she had written in response to Joan’s complaints before she passed away, which totally portrayed their unique mother-daughter relationship:
Mom:
I received the note that you slipped under my bedroom door last night. I was very excited to read it, thinking that it would contain amazing, loving advice that you wanted to share with me. Imagine my surprise when I opened it and saw that it began with the salutation, “Dear Landlord.” I have reviewed your complaints and address them below:
1. While I appreciate your desire to “upgrade” your accommodations to a larger space, I cannot, in good conscience, move [my 13-year-old son] Cooper into the laundry room. I do agree that it will teach him a life lesson about fluffing and folding, but since I don’t foresee him having a future in dry cleaning, I must say no.
Also, I know you are a true creative genius (and I am in awe of the depth of your instincts), but breaking down a wall without my permission is not an appropriate way to express that creativity. It is not only a boundary violation but a building-code violation as well. Additionally, the repairman can’t get here until next week, so your expansion plan will have to be put on hold.
2. Re: Your fellow “tenant” (your word), Cooper. While I trust you with him, it is not OK for you to undermine my rules. It is not OK that you let him have chips and ice cream for dinner. It is not OK that you let him skip school to go to the movies. And it is really not OK that the movie was Last Tango in Paris.
As for your taking his friends to a “gentlemen’s club,” I accepted your rationale that it was an educational experience for the boys — and you are right, he is the most popular kid in school right now — but I’d prefer he not learn biology from those “gentlemen” and their ladies, Bambi, Trixie and Kitten. And just because I yelled at you, I do not appreciate your claim that I have created a hostile living environment.
 

joan rivers most memorable quotes








































15 Photos »


3. While I’m glad to see you’re socializing, you must refill the hot tub after your parties. In fact, you need to tone down the parties altogether. Imagine my surprise when I saw the photos you posted on Facebook of your friends frolicking topless in the hot tub.
I think it’s great that you’re entertaining more often, but I can’t keep fielding complaints from the neighbors about your noisy party games like Ring Around the Walker or naked Duck, Duck Caregiver.
I’m more than happy to have you use the house for social gatherings, but you cannot rent it out, advertise as “party central” or hand out T-shirts that say “F— Jimmy Buffett.”
In closing, I hope I have satisfactorily answered your complaints and queries. I love having you live with me, and I am grateful for every minute Cooper and I have with you. You are an inspiration. You are also 30 days late with the rent.
Much love,
Melissa
/n