Inside Rush Limbaugh's $470 Million Divorce Shocker!/n
Bombastic broadcaster Rush Limbaugh‘s fourth wife has been cheating on him with hunky young athletes — setting the stage for a $470 million divorce!
Family insiders have exclusively blown the lid off the blockbuster scandal to RadarOnline.com, claiming the 66-year-old windbag’s wife, Kathryn — a hot-blooded 40-year-old blond stunner — is currently two-timing the media motormouth with a married man!
“Kathryn has bounced around with a bunch of guys — mostly athletes,” the source claimed.
PHOTOS: Rush Limbaugh’s Palm Beach Home
“She’s also been with married guys. In fact, she’s still seeing one! She’s taken Rush’s plane to meet men, and even cheated while visiting her cancer-stricken dad in Massachusetts!”
Worse yet for Limbaugh, the controversial radio host has no prenup with Kathryn, leaving his massive $470 million fortune at risk!
“There was no prenup,” the insider confirmed. “Kathryn could walk away with an insane amount of money.”
PHOTOS: President Trump! The 8 Most Shocking Moments Of America’s Wildest Night EVER
Despite Kathryn’s outrageous behavior, Limbaugh has turned a blind eye to her indiscretions because he’s terrified of losing her, spilled the tattletale.
“Rush realizes Kathryn is a beautiful woman, and he’s old enough to be her father,” the source dished.
Insiders described Kathryn as Limbaugh’s “trophy wife,” who basically acts as the fading radio host’s “arm candy.”
PHOTOS: Summer Lovin’! Inside Tiffany Trump’s Hot New Romance
“Whatever Kathryn says goes,” the confidant divulged. “Rush dotes on her, and gives her anything she wants.”
But their agreement doesn’t extend to the bedroom, according to insiders.
“If Rush comes home feeling frisky, their home is so huge that Kathryn can hide. They have virtually zero sex life,” tattled the source.
A spokesman for Limbaugh insisted that Kathryn has been faithful and that our sources have been telling tall tales.
PHOTOS: Top 10 Moments From Megan Kelly’s Explosive Donald Trump Interview
Despite that, the couple has rarely been seen in public since their lavish 2010 wedding at the posh Breakers resort near their mansion in Palm Beach, Fla. — and insiders said they’ve essentially been living separate lives.
“Rush mostly stays at home. As he gets older, being out on the party scene just isn’t as thrilling to him anymore,” the source confided.
As he ages, members of his inner circle said Limbaugh has increasingly turned a blind eye to Kathryn’s not-so-secret romps with other men.
PHOTOS: Baby Daddy From Hell! ‘Teen Mom’ Maci Bookout Slams Ex Ryan Edwards In New Tell-All: Read Her 10 Most Shocking Accusations
“Of course, Rush is suspicious — and he doesn’t like it,” the pal spilled.
“But he doesn’t want to come down too hard on Kathryn because he’s afraid she’ll leave him and take all his money.”
Kathryn’s philandering may also spell disaster for Limbaugh, who’s struggled with his own addictions to oxycodone and hydrocodone.
It was reported in 2003 that Limbaugh — who’d publicly denounced drug use — had purchased huge quantities of Oxycontin and other painkillers from his housekeeper.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n