Liam Payne Welcomes First Child with Cheryl Cole: ‘I’m Completely in Awe’/n





                    Liam Payne Is Convinced that One Direction Will Get Back Together
                







One Direction will be back... eventually. 

 MORE >>










                    Liam Payne Is 'Super Happy' with Cheryl Cole
                







Liam Payne cannot say enough nice things about his girlfriend.

 MORE >>





Liam Payne is a dad!

The One Direction singer recently welcomed his first child with girlfriend Cheryl Cole, sharing the exciting news about his newborn in an Instagram post this weekend. Alongside a photo of him holding his son at the hospital, the 23-year-old wrote, “My close friends and family know there are very few times when I’m left speechless… wow!”
“I’m incredibly happy to welcome our new baby boy into the world, it’s a moment that I will never forget for the rest of my life and my favourite memory I have so far,” he continued. “I’m completely in awe of his incredible mother and how she has been the whole way through this, she’s really made my dreams come true. We haven’t named him yet but he’s already capturing hearts including mine. I feel very blessed.”



A post shared by Liam Payne (@liampayne) on Mar 25, 2017 at 1:25pm PDT



Cole, 33, also gushed about the bundle of joy, writing on her own account, “On Wednesday 22nd March Liam and I became parents to an incredibly beautiful, healthy baby boy, weighing 7lb 9 and looking like a dream. Although he still doesn’t have a name he is already stealing hearts,” the former Girls Aloud member shared.
“We are all madly in love and overwhelmingly happy with our little arrival,” she added, noting that the baby was born right before the U.K’s Mother’s Day. “Happy Mother’s Day to all the mothers around the world. A day that now has a different meaning to me forever.”
Payne first met Cole when he auditioned for her during the 2010 season of The X Factor. The couple went public with their relationship in February 2016 before revealing later in the year that they were expecting a child together.


Pregnant Cheryl Cole Steps Out with Liam Payne








































8 Photos »


/n