TMZ Live: Tony Scott -- Suicide Shocks Hollywood /nTony Scott's suicide stunned celeb friends -- like Tom Cruise -- and also dozens of people who saw him plunge from a bridge. We'll tell you what we learned about Tony's death from law enforcement sources and the witnesses. Plus, Condoleeza Rice gains membership to Augusta National Golf Club ... the infamously exclusive home of The Masters. It might seem like a giant leap forward for women, but Harvey thinks the change is disingenuous. What do you think?Also, President Obama's flaunting his friendship with George Clooney ... again. Could it come back to bite him in the ass on election day?   00:00 - In a tragic turn of events, iconic filmmaker Tony Scott committed suicide in broad daylight yesterday. 7:04 - It's the shocker of all shockers-- Kris Humphries' ex Myla Sinanaj doesn't feel too fondly about his ex Kim Kardashian! 9:59 - Former Casey Anthony attorney Jose Baez is retained by a second victim of the Aurora, Colorado massacre.  13:11 - After years of defiance, Augusta National Golf Club has FINALLY opened its door to 2 female members... but their names may surprise you. 18:04 - Is Halle Berry becoming the villain in her custody battle for daughter Nahla, or is an escape to France the right move? 21:15 - Mel Gibson and a hot European musician chick walk into a-- By all means, stop us if you think you've heard this one before. 24:02 - Legendary comedienne Phyllis Diller passes away at 95. 29:50 - With the election looming, Barack Obama's man crush on George Clooney gains steam. (Really, can you blame the guy?) 30:06 - BREAKING: Winona Judd's husband suffers several devastating injuries in a nasty motorcycle wreck. 35:01 - If you thought the last 'Indiana Jones' movie was out there, you won't believe what Shia LaBeouf has planned for his next role. 39:12 - Rihanna opens up to Oprah on a  "secret " we've known all along: Chris Brown is still her one and only. 40:28 - At the ripe old age of 75, Dustin Hoffman appears to have found the Fountain of Youth. 41:45 - We take your calls!/n