George Clooney's Sister: He's Not Gay, He'll Never Marry Stacy Keibler/n
By Radar Staff
George Clooney‘s older sister Adelia Zeidler, in her first tell-all interview, shoots down rumors her Oscar winning brother is gay, and explains why she doesn’t think he’ll tie the knot with his current lady love, Stacy Keibler.
“That’s quite ridiculous,” Adelia tells the New York Daily News of whispers George’s well-documented playboy lifestyle is a ruse to mask his sexual attraction to men. “We don’t even listen when people say things like that anymore.”
PHOTOS: Hollywood’s Most Charitable Stars
George, 51, was married to actress Talia Balsam from until 1989 until 1993 – a phenomenon his sister thinks is unlikely to strike twice. Asked about George’s chances of tying the knot with Keibler, Adelia says, “No I would say he probably will not get married.
“If I had to guess I would have to say no,” she said. “I know everyone says, ‘Well Warren Beatty said he’d never get married, and then he met Annette Bening,’ but you know that’s the only example people can think of, so it doesn’t bode too well.”
PHOTOS: George Clooney & Stacey Keibler Pack On The Red Carpet PDA
The 52-year-old Kentucky native, who said she thinks George has picked his career over starting a family, claims her brother hasn’t been a sleazy womanizer type despite the parade of women he’s shacked up with over the years.
“I think he was always pretty fair and honest with the girls he went out with,” she said of her brother, who was linked to stunning women such as Lisa Snowdon, Elisabetta Canalis and Sarah Larson before hooking up with Keibler.
PHOTOS: Couples We’d Like To See!
“I don’t recall any of them feeling as though he had just broken their heart and dumped them unexpectedly, I think most of the relationships came to a kind of natural close. I don’t recall any angry phone calls or anything like that.”
RELATED STORIES:
Getting Cozy With Clooney! George And Stacy Cuddle Up On The Argo Red Carpet
She’s A Hot And Jealous Lover! Elisabetta Canalis Reveals ‘Aggressive’ And ‘Angry’ Side
George Clooney And Channing Tatum Take Their Ladies On Romantic Boat Ride
That’s A’more! Stacy Keibler Arrives At George Clooney’s Lake Como Love Nest /n