 Prada Bags & Kardashian Couches! Johnny Depp's Overspending Exposed In New Court Docs.../n
Johnny Depp’s expenses have been disclosed by his ex-managers in an ongoing heated legal battle over the actor’s alleged overspending. The Management Group filed an amended cross-complaint in Los Angeles Superior Court on Thursday, and the court documents, obtained by RadarOnline.com, reveal new expenditures made on behalf of Depp that they claim is solid evidence that the A-lister was the one who made a mess of his money.
READ THE COURT DOCS HERE
As Radar previously reported, the new filing comes on the heels of a $25 million suit in January originally filed by Depp against TMG in which he claimed the company was negligent with his finances. The actor alleged 11 complaints ranging from fraud to breach of contract.
In the cross-complaint filing, TMG exposes Depp’s alleged financial irresponsibility for purchases including a $500,000 rental fee for storage warehouses where he keeps Hollywood collectibles, $17,000 in Prada merchandise as well as a $7,000 Keeping Up With the Kardashians couch that he bought as a gift for his daughter, Lily-Rose.
The managers also claim they had to pay off a large balance on Depp’s credit card after he failed to continue making payments after racking up millions of dollars in charges during a trip to his private island in the Bahamas.
PHOTOS: Doomed For Divorce? Amber Heard & Johnny Depp’s Relationship History
“After terminating TMG in mid-March 2016, Depp continued to make the minimum payments on the CNB Visa card for a time but then refused to pay anything further, forcing TMG to pay off the approximately $55,000 that was still owing on the CNB Visa card,” writes attorney Michael Kump. “All charges on the CNB Visa card are undisputedly charges that were incurred on Depp’s behalf similar to, and/or including, the exemplar purchases discussed above. Depp knows all of these expenses were incurred by and/or on his behalf, but simply refuses to pay his debts.”
The primary debate is whether Depp’s currently grim financial state is the firm’s doing or his own — and each side is asking the court for a ruling to that effect.
The case is set to go before a jury on January 24 next year.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n