Olympic Committee Launching Investigation into #RyanLochteGate/n





                    Michael Phelps Responds to Ryan Lochte’s Robbery Controversy 
                







After days of misinformation concerning a possible robbery, Olympic champ Ryan Lochte finally released a statement apologizing for his behavior and attempted to give this whole confusing incident some finality

 MORE >>





Ryan Lochte may face serious repercussions from his involvement in an altercation at a gas station in Rio de Janeiro last Sunday.
According to CNN, the International Olympic Committee has set up a disciplinary commission to investigate the incident in which Lochte and fellow US Olympic swim teammates James Feigen, Jack Conger and Gunnar Bentz mislead authorities when they said they were robbed by gunpoint in the early morning hours of August 14.
In the ensuing investigation, Brazilian police was able to ascertain that the swimmers actually vandalized the gas station’s bathroom and then got into an altercation with security guards there.


20 Biggest Scandals in Sports








































20 Photos »


Lochte apologized Friday on Instagram for his “behavior,” but doesn’t fully admit to lying. He wrote, “I want to apologize for my behavior last weekend – for not being more careful and candid in how I described the events of that early morning and for my role in taking the focus away from the many athletes fulfilling their dreams of participating in the Olympics.”
The 32-year old swimmer added he accepted responsibility for his role in it and had “learned some valuable lessons.” Read the whole apology here.
Along with a probable suspension from the sport, the gold medalist could lose current endorsements with Speedo, Airweave and Polo Ralph Lauren.
He and the other swimmers may also face charges for filing a false police report. If convicted, they could face up to six months in prison.
NBC’s Matt Lauer interviewed Lochte Saturday morning, and the network said the segment would air later in the evening.


10 Photos To Sum Up The Wonder Of Ryan Lochte








































10 Photos »


/n