Shopbop's Sale Is Insane in the Best Way Possible
/n

It’s time to break out that Shopbop list and move things into your cart.
The retailer just added a new wave of fabulous styles to its sale section and it includes tons of must-have designer styles. Plus, for a limited time only they’re offering an extra 20 percent off already marked down pieces which means you can score up to 75 percent off! Just remember to use the code “TREAT20” at checkout.
Since there are over 3,000(!) items on sale now, we’re taking this grand opportunity to scoop up some of our favorite trends — many of which will take us from now through fall. Think fun and feminine embellished slides, bell sleeve blouses, embroidered jeans, dark florals and more. Scroll down to see a few of our favorites, and shop the entire sale on shopbop.com.
Embellished Bomber Jacket
This embellished denim bomber jacket will elevate even the simplest outfit.

Buy It! Needle & Thread wildflower denim bomber, $195.60 (orig. $489); shopbop.com
Cutout Jumpsuit
If you’re looking for something special to wear to your next party, you can’t go wrong with this cutout jumpsuit with ruffle details. It’s sure to turn heads and look absolutely fabulous.

Buy It! Self-Portrait cutwork embroidered jumpsuit, $285.60 (orig. $595); shopbop.com
Embellished Mules
Dress up any outfit with these festive slides.

Buy It! Kate Spade New York Monteclaire embroidered mules, $152.32 (orig. $238); shopbop.com
Ruffle Blouse
We love this blouse for its mixed prints and ruffle sleeves. Wear it with flared jeans for a pretty ’70s vibe.

Buy It! Parker Scarlet blouse, $138.24 (orig. $288); shopbop.com
Embroidered Denim
One of this season’s biggest denim trends is embroidery. Try pairing these jeans with your favorite sweater and a pair of stylish hoop earrings.

Buy It! Current/Elliott The Crossover Jean, $143.04 (orig. $298); shopbop.com
Bell Sleeve Blouse
Bell sleeves are pretty, flirty and so much fun to wear. Try this blouse with plaid trousers or a denim miniskirt.

Buy It! Style Mafia flare sleeve blouse, $35.60 (orig. $89); shopbop.com
One-Shoulder Floral Dress
One of the prettiest patterns for fall (that would be florals) is even prettier on this midi dress.

Buy It! Rebecca Taylor one-shoulder Marguerite pop dress, $237.60 (orig. $495); shopbop.com
What Shopbop sale styles are you scoring? Comment below and let us know!
/n