slanderous information" about him following their custody battle, which he says ended with him obtaining primary physical of their eldest child, daughter Sidney, 16. Barney said in his statement posted on Twitter on Thursday that Sidney.../n
Tamra Judge's ex-husband Simon Barney is slamming the reality star over her racy behavior on Real Housewives of Orange County and accuses her of posting "hurtful, slanderous information" about him following their custody battle, which he says ended with him obtaining primary physical of their eldest child, daughter Sidney, 16.Barney said in his statement posted on Twitter on Thursday that Sidney "a normal 16-year old girl," adding, "But what is not normal is she has a mother who has a public forum that she continually uses to trash me, my daughter and publicly displays outrageous embarrassing behavior."On last Sunday's episode of Real Housewives of Orange County, Tamra and husband Eddie Judge throw a sex party at a nightclub. There, they screen their new "sex tape." which is actually a promo for their fitness-themed YouTube channel.

"I heard in last night's [Real Housewives] show they replayed her R-rated bathtub scene with her then-boyfriend, Eddie, and showed her hosting a sex party with dildos and anal beads," Barney said. "How is this teaching our children ethics and morality? It may be great for the viewers to watch this outrageous sexualized behavior by my ex-wife, however my children have to live with the repercussions and embarrassment of this behavior.""Not only does my daughter have to read and hear about what her mother says about her father on the Internet and various talk shows, she is forced to relive it over and over from her 'friends and classmates'—the not so classy moments her mother is so famous for on the show," he added.Tamra has not responded to his remarks. Her co-star Heather Dubrow took to Twitter to express support for her, saying, "@TamraBarney you are an amazing mom. Proud to call you my friend.""Thank you," Tamra replied. "Some never move on. Bye Felicia."She and Barney, her second husband, were married for 11 years before he filed for divorce in 2010. She and Judge wed in 2013. After their divorce, Tamra and Barney shared custody of Sidney and their other two daughters, Spencer and Sophia.In 2014, he filed for full custody, accusing her of being "very neglectful in her care for the children." She said in a statement on Instagram that she loves their kids and would never do anything to hurt them. 

READ: Real Housewives star Tamra Barney: I almost Died...but now I have abs of steel!

Barney said in his statement he was granted permanent physical custody of Sidney this past spring. In an interview on Watch What Happens Live in July, Tamra said the negligence case was "thrown out" and that no new custody agreements were made. She said they continue to share custody of their kids, "50/50". She added that Sidney had "chosen to live with Simon.""I was accused of abusing my kids, not feeding my kids, not bathing my kids and all these things and they were all false," she said. "I was called 'Monster Mom' on tabloids. It was horrible...It's hard to recover. It's hard to forgive somebody for doing that to you, and it tore my family apart."In his statement, Barney posted screenshots of an a tweet she had made about him last week, in which she said "shame on my ex" for giving a "half-assed statement" about the sealed custody case, as well as screenshots of tabloid stories about their court drama.He also said Tamra had filed a contempt order against him, accusing him of "several false allegations," including "refusing to follow a court order" and "parental alienation." He attached a copy of what he says is a document showed he was "exonerated on both counts."In a legal document posted by RadarOnline, a California judge stated that the court finds Sidney to be "extraordinarily reluctant to see and have a relationship with her mother" and that Barney is "not involved in any type of alienating conduct in this case."

Tamra had said on Watch What Happens Live, with regard to Sidney, that "it's a bad case of parental alienation, and it's hard, and it's still a struggle, and I love her more than anything," she had said. Tamra had gotten emotional during the interview, saying she and Barney were not getting along."I was accused of abusing my kids, not feeding my kids, not bathing my kids and all these things and they were all false," she said. "I was called 'Monster Mom' on tabloids. It was horrible...It's hard to recover. It's hard to forgive somebody for doing that to you, and it tore my family apart."Tamra also said on Watch What Happens Live that Barney and Sidney had recently met her baby granddaughter, Ava, whose dad is the reality star's son Ryan Vieth, her child with first husband Darren Vieth.

In his statement, Barney said he made Sidney attend counseling sessions with Tamra, hoping they would "rekindle some kind of a relationship.""My hope is that my ex will concentrate on being a good mother to our two other children so she doesn't have to go down this same path with them in the coming years," he said.
/n