The 2016 Coachella Party Photo Roundup – Weekend One, Day One/n
So many parties, so little time!
Last night (Apr. 15, 2016), 1OAK and Up&Down returned to the desert with the hottest party during music’s biggest festival weekend. Kendall Jenner, Kylie Jenner, and Scott Disick partied with festival goers at the exclusive private pop-up party.
Musical sensation The Weeknd, supermodels Miranda Kerr, Dev Windsor, Constance Jablonski, Georgia Fowler, Jordy Murray, Imaan Hammam, Rachel Hilbert partied along with Bella Hadid, Ruby Rose, Martin Garrix, Alesso and Snapchat CEO, Evan Speigel.
The already hyped crowd were treated to a surprise DJ set by the Pizza Boys. Kendall and friends were spotted passing out pizzas on the dance floor as guests enjoyed an impromptu performance by Post Malone.


1OAK and Up&Down Coachella Weekend 1 Party








































20 Photos »


VIP guests partied in the Bumble cabanas while the crowd snacked on tacos by Wine N Dine and sipped on Budweiser. VIPs were also seen picking up sunglasses by Smoke n Mirrors and fashion swag from nANA jUDY.
Supermodel Suki Waterhouse celebrated the recent launch of Amazon’s new live stream fashion and beauty show, Style Code Live with an intimate party at The Retreat at the Korakia Pensione in Palm Springs.
Other guests spotted relaxing with friends included Zoe Kravitz and father Lenny Kravitz along with actress Kristen Stewart.
Jamie Chung, Hailey Baldwin, Ashley Greene helped celebrate H&M’s seventh year as an official Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival sponsor, by bringing their squads to H&M’s installation tent on-site at the festival grounds on Friday night.
This year’s installation, titled REBORN, takes a journey through a colorful desert landscape where guests interact with immersive video sets, creating dream like video story content to be shared on social channels. Actors, Darren Criss, Peyton and Spencer List and Olivia Holt were also on hand. For the second year, the H&M tent also has a pop-up shop where festival goers can buy the exclusive collection, H&M Loves Coachella.


This Weekend’s Hottest Coachella 2016 Star Sightings








































69 Photos »


Moët X Revolve Clothing hosted a “Welcome to the Desert Party” at the V Hotel. Chic ladies including Chiara Ferragni, Hailey Clauson, Aimee Song, Rocky Barnes and many many more showed up to kick off the iconic weekend in festival-ready outfits from Revolve. The fashionistas accessorized with white goblets of Moët Ice, the first champagne designed to be served over ice, garnished with fresh fruit.
Popsugar returned to Coachella after a successful launch last year with the Popsugar Cabana Club. In a two-day takeover of Avalon Hotel, the events provided attendees the ultimate destination where music meets style.
The poolside Friday night Sunset Kick-Off party was hosted by actress/model Emily Ratajkowski, where Popsugar launched the weekend festivities with a chic and fashion forward evening at the hotel on April 15. Hannah Bronfman, the DJ/model/fitness enthusiast, DJ’d during the evening.
Check back, as we will be updating the gallery with more party photos as the weekend goes on.
Launch the gallery above to see more photos from all the Coachella 2016 parties.


The 2016 Coachella Party Roundup








































175 Photos »


/n