 Damning New Evidence: Obama Surveilled Trump BEFORE Prez Nom & Comey BURIED Evidence.../n
The Federal Bureau of Investigation is covering up a massive “wiretapping” conspiracy — and one that did target President Donald Trump — conducted by spies acting on Barack Obama’s orders!
That’s the bombshell claim of NSA/CIA contractor-turned-whistle blower Dennis Montgomery, 63, who — like Edward Snowden after him — spirited 47 hard drives and 600 million-plus documents, many classified, from America’s top spy agencies.
“Those documents have been buried in (FBI Director James) Comey‘s files for two years, now,” Larry Klayman, Dennis’ lawyer, told RadarOnline.com.
“He refuses to publicly acknowledge them.”
PHOTOS: President Trump! The 8 Most Shocking Moments Of America’s Wildest Night EVER
President Trump has claimed he was “wiretapped” or electronically surveilled by then-President Barack Obama in the run-up to the 2016 election.
The chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, Rep. Devin Nunes (R.-Calif.), has confirmed communications of Trump and his transition aides were picked up in surveillance by U.S. intelligence.
Now, Radar can not only offer more proof, but also sensational evidence the FBI has known about Obama’s wiretapping scheme for almost two years — a fact FBI Director Comey deliberately refused to acknowledge when he testified before Nunes’ committee on March 20.
“It makes Watergate look like a warm-up act,” said Klayman. “The point was to gather information to use for their own nefarious purposes. Blackmail. Coercion. Persuasion.”
PHOTOS: The Top 10 Contenders For Donald Trump’s VP Spot
Among those surveilled in addition to Trump and his daughter Ivanka, Radar has been told, included a “Who’s Who” of the political and business world.
Chief Justice John Roberts of the Supreme Court was targeted, along with Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsberg, 156 other judges, U.S. Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky, and prominent businessmen.
Major U.S. corporations spied on included Target, Siemens, YUM Brands — the owner of Taco Bell and Kentucky Fried Chicken — all whom were Trump/Republican donors and supporters.
The evidence is contained on 47 hard drives and 600 million classified documents obtained by Montgomery and turned over to the FBI.
PHOTOS: The Truth About The ‘New York Times’ ‘Hit Piece’ On Donald Trump Exposed In 10 Clicks
“This is a sword of Damocles that hangs over every person in this country who is a public figure,” said Klayman. “This is on top of what Snowden found out that everyone is being surveilled.”
It’s a stunning turn of events in the scandal that has dogged Trump’s first 50 days in the Oval Office, and exposes the shadowy spying program of the Obama Administration as carried out by his spymasters — Comey of the FBI, Michael Rogers of the National Security Administration, the CIA’s John Brennan, and James Clapper, the former director of national intelligence.
In an effort to shatter the conspiracy of silence and cover-up, on March 21, 2017, Klayman wrote a letter to Nunes, demanding Dennis be given the opportunity to testify at hearings involving Russia’s meddling in our elections — and prove President Trump’s claims Obama wiretapped him during the 2016 campaign.
Radar has uncovered that four-page letter— and reproduced passages here.
PHOTOS: Who Needs Air Force One? Inside Donald Trump’s $30 Million Plane
“Last Thursday, I traveled to Capitol Hill to personally meet with Chairman Devin Nunes… and when his scheduler claimed that he was ‘unavailable,’ I forcefully pushed for a meeting with one of his committee lawyers, Allen R. Souza, and fully briefed him about Montgomery and the FBI’s apparent cover-up.
“I told this staff lawyer to inform Chairman Nunes of the facts behind this apparent cover-up before the Committee holds its hearing on the alleged Trump wiretaps and was to question Comey last Monday, March 20, in open session.
“My expressed purpose: to have Chairman Nunes of the House Intelligence Committee ask Comey, under oath, why he and his FBI have seemingly not moved forward with the Montgomery investigation while, on the other hand, the FBI Director recently claimed publicly, I believe falsely, that there is ‘no evidence’ of surveillance on President Trump and those around him by the Obama administration. Indeed, there is.”
Montgomery’s story predates the Sept. 11, 2001 attacks, when he was developing facial recognition software for a Reno, Nev., company called Etreppid Technologies.
PHOTOS: Inside Donald Trump’s Secret Meeting With Vladimir Putin — To OVERTHROW Dictators!
Klayman told Radar that after the attacks, the CIA approached Dennis.
“The agency wanted him to develop software that could decipher the coded signals Osama bin Laden was sending his soldiers in videos broadcasted on Al Jazeera,” Klayman said.
What’s more, Klyman added Dennis was so successful he worked ” arm-and-arm” with CIA chief Brennan and national intelligence head Clapper, as well as NSA chief Gen. Keith Alexander.
In 2010, Montgomery left the CIA and NSA with the hard drives and 600 million-plus documents.
PHOTOS: President Trump Makes Plans To Bond With The Queen Over A Round Of Golf
According to a lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia on March 20, 2015, Montgomery quickly blew the whistle, filing complaints with the Inspectors General of the CIA, Defense Intelligence Agency, the Justice Department, Homeland Security, the IRS, the White House — and the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee.
Radar has obtained a copy of that lawsuit, which reads, “Montgomery received letters summarily dismissing his whistleblower complaints.
“In fact, nobody ever interviewed him to be able to evaluate or analyze his whistleblower claims.”
Dennis then approached Klayman, who — with the help of U.S. District Judge Royce C. Lamberth — set up a series of meetings in the summer and fall of 2015 with the FBI at the J. Edgar Hoover Building in Washington, D.C.
PHOTOS: ‘Blind’ Bill Arrives To Sexual Assault Pretrial Conference
Prior to the meetings, Assistant U.S. Attorney Deborah Curtis granted Montgomery immunity from prosecution, and he turned over the 47 hard drives to the FBI.
Shortly afterward, Special Agents Walter Giardina and William Barnett conducted a three-hour videotaped interview with Montgomery under oath, during which he spelled out the specifics of the targeted surveillance program.
And, yet, as Klayman told Radar, nothing happened, despite repeated demands for an update on the investigation.
“If true, the surveillance program brought forward by Montgomery is an explosive revelation,” Wayne Madsen, a former NSA Lieutenant and now an expert on American intelligence.
PHOTOS: Crooked Hillary’s Lies EXPOSED! Clinton’s 13 Most Infamous Scandals — So Far
“It speaks to the existence of the same sort of Deep State that lives in the shadows of American civic life, and is accountable to no one. That Comey would cover it up is particularly troubling but not surprising, given the FBI’s history and J. Edgar Hoover.
“What he’s doing is just an extension of what Hoover did. And, at essence, Comey’s alleged cover-up is done to extend his own power and protect Obama and the intelligence apparatus that he wielded outside of the bounds of the Constitution.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n