show y'all. The idea of the game is my mom traveling through the gates of heaven." "That's not easy to do. Y'all just act like shit is regular, man. Virgil suggests we play it one more time. The concept is my mom tra.../n
The man is friggin' unstoppable. Yesterday we told you about the wildest quotes Kanye West had ever said about money. Today my friends, is a new damn day, meaning we've got new inspirational quotes for your viewing pleasure. We have to admit, some of these are pretty genuine and sentimental, which is not often the case for many Yeezy statements. The jaw-dropper, we think, are his plans for a new video game dedicated to his mother, the late Donda West. See the above photo for proof. You might be wondering what he will think up next, but some of these quotes more than hint at his plans for future endeavors. Read on and enjoy! 

1. Kanye on what he appreciates: "I really appreciate y'all coming to support this event, support the shoes when they come out, supporting the albums, supporting the frame of mind-" Aww. We support you Kanye! Also, if we were rich and cool enough we would be wearing your clothes too, we swear. 



Kevin Mazur/Getty Images for Yeezy Season 3

2. Kanye on being grateful: "I want to thank Vanessa Beecroft for putting together this wonderful, wonderful performance, I want to thank Adidas for paying for this and supporting me, what did y'all say-what you say- what you say- what you say- what you say- what you say- yall ain't saying that loud enough"Namaslay, BB. Gratitude always brings more abundance. 

3. On his future in fashion: "But my dream, I told Anna this backstage, just for at least a couple of years, to be the creative director of Hermès, would be a dream of mine.""I just want to bring as much beauty to the world as possible. I'm only 38 years old."Stop. We could so see this Hermès thing happening, and we're into it. 



Kevin Mazur/Getty Images for Yeezy Season 3

4. Yeezy on his plans to conquer the gaming world:"I worked on a video game, and I wanted to show y'all. The idea of the game is my mom traveling through the gates of heaven.""That's not easy to do. Y'all just act like shit is regular, man. Virgil suggests we play it one more time. The concept is my mom traveling through the gates of heaven. No, You don't understand like I go out and meet with everybody in San Fran,and they'll diss the fuck out of me and' I'll be I want to make a game' and they be like ‘fuck you'. That hard to do bro. Man this shit was hard to do, man.""Thanks. Yeah but seriously I love you guys-I feel a lot of times I get misunderstood just as an artist because y'all see so many times artist being controlled by corporations or public perceptions or their current finances or whatever and if you gonna be an artist you just gotta do what's in your heart and fight for every dream that you may dream whatever discipline it may be no one can tell you what field to stay in. Like …I mean it's the number one show." Well. Said. 



Kevin Mazur/Getty Images for Yeezy Season 3

5. On Being a Celebrity: "You know-I think y'all might think because I'm celebrity, or I made money in rap that this shit is easy to do- what isn't easy to do were to get the talented people that worked on the collection to believe in my vision enough to come roll with a rapper."Testify, boo! 

6. On his new album: "You know this album is really a gospel album and the first song "Ultra Light Beams" said  "This is a God dream"- and this is something like all ya all 20000 people here right now is something that couldn't a happen without God really holding me down-it's been a hard struggle and I feel so happy I feel so much joy to be able to actually follow my dreams without people shitting on me-and being given an  opportunity to create as an artist and I'll forever appreciate Jay-Z for that, I'll forever appreciate Adidas for that, and I'll forever appreciate my wife and her family for supporting me. When I go crazy on the fashion world and do all that shit"Kanye may be outspoken, but you have to hand it to him, he sounds pretty grateful for what he has! 



Andrew H. Walker/WWD/REX/Shutterstock

6. On giving proper shout outs: "What's up, Carine, I see you. thank you for doing that shoot. Thank you for putting my wife on the first fashion cover. Thank you for coming to our wedding. Thank you for just being a real bitch. I appreciate you Carine Roitfeld." "Olivier. Thank you for doing the collaboration. two weeks ago when I flew into Paris and designing the whole family's outfits-can ya stand up for one second-would the church, please say AMEN. Make some noise for Olivier. Come on ya be wearing your Balmain's." AMEN. Did you watch Yeezy Season 3? What did you think? Tell us in the comments! 

Flashback! Kanye talks his fashion week debut
/n