Nick Viall and Vanessa Grimaldi Are Being ‘Realistic’ About Their Relationship After Reality Show Finale/n





                    10 Celebrity Love Lives We Wish We Could Watch Play Out on TV Like 'The Bachelor'
                







Sigh

 MORE >>





Nick Viall and his new fiancée Vanessa Grimaldi are enjoying the slow stroll to wherever their post-Bachelor relationship takes them.

Viall proposed to Grimaldi in Finland on the season finale of The Bachelor on Monday (Mar. 13, 2017). She said yes and this Neil Lane diamond engagement ring was exchanged.

via GIPHY
Cut to “After the Final Rose”: Viall is reunited with runner-up Raven Gates for the first time since he sent her home from Finland. There’s a silver lining for Gates, who will be appearing on the next season of Bachelor in Paradise in Mexico. Viewers weren’t as optimistic about the newly engaged couple, though. On screen, Viall and Grimaldi seemed to have the chemistry of a brother and sister stuck in the back of a car with no air conditioning for an 18-hour road trip with one pit stop.


Cheers to the happy couple!!  #TheBachelorFinale pic.twitter.com/E5zcAucH2l
— kenji (@fang_irling) March 14, 2017

Grimaldi and Viall confirmed that they are still engaged since wrapping production on The Bachelor, though haven’t set a wedding date yet.
“I’m not going to sugarcoat things,” Grimaldi told Chris Harrison in her solo interview. “Some days are tougher than others, like any relationship. I’m sure people here can understand that and relate to it. Ours is just televised.”
According to Grimaldi, they didn’t even have each other’s phone numbers to keep in contact.
“Starting a relationship where you don’t get the chance to see each other every day and do normal things,” she said, “I love him, we love each other, but there have been days that are difficult. Long-distance isn’t too easy.”
Viall added that he’s looking forward to their “first normal moment” as a couple.
“We know we have a long way to go. We’re still getting to know each other, that’s the reality,” he added.
The couple noted that Grimaldi will likely move from Canada to the United States, where they will get married and where Viall will be competing on the upcoming season of Dancing With the Stars.


Potential Homes for 'The Bachelorette' Star Andi Dorfman




























4 Photos »


Viall and Grimaldi continued their post-Bachelor press tour on Good Morning America on Tuesday morning (Mar. 14, 2017) to speak with Michael Strahan about their journeys.
“It’s been a long time for me in Bachelor world,” said Viall, who previously appeared on two installments of the Bachelor franchise. “It’s a good feeling to be engaged, to have Vanessa and to have this kind of chapter in my life come to an end.”
Viall harped on the difficulties of maintaining a reality show relationship once again.
“Vanessa and I just kind of decided to just be up front with the fact that it’s difficult to start a relationship as the Bachelor and with 29 other women and that it’s difficult to maintain that relationship long-distance while it’s being re-aired,” he told Strahan. “I think every other couple before us has experienced those challenges. We just decided to just kind of just be upfront about it and to be open to the realities of our relationship.”
Watch the full GMA interview in the video player below and watch their appearance on Jimmy Kimmel Live in the video at the top of the page.





/n