Princess Estelle Accepts (Seven!) Royal Christmas Trees at the Palace: ‘She’s an Expert’/n
The princess and the tree!
Sweden’s Princess Estelle joined her mom, Princess Victoria, to officially accept their royal Christmas trees on the palace grounds on Wednesday.
A group of students from the nearby Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences presented the royal duo with a stunning collection of seven trees.
This isn’t the first time Estelle has accompanied her mom on the royal outing. She first participated in 2013 when she was just 1 years old. The university has presented the royal family with Christmas trees at the palace since the late 1960s.

Looking festive in red and green, the mother-daughter duo happily accepted all seven trees. The biggest of the bunch was a few inches shy of 15 feet. Estelle expressed her royal interest in having one of the smaller trees in her own bedroom!
“It was so cute,” agriculture student Hanna Kankainen told the Swedish outlet Svenskdam. “We talked a little about our firs. We explained to Estelle how to tell a King Fir from a Red Spruce, so now she’s an expert.”





 Kronprinsessan och Prinsessan Estelle tar emot julgranar från studenter vid jägmästarprogrammet på Sveriges lantbruksuniversitet (SLU). Sedan slutet av 1960-talet överlämnar SLU julgranar till Kungliga slottet. Kungsgranen har fått sitt nuvarande namn efter denna tradition, den hette från början nordmannsgran.  The Crown Princess and Princess Estelle receives Christmas trees from students at the program of forestry at the Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences (SLU). Since the end of the 1960’s, SLU gives Christmas trees to the Royal Palace. The “king fir Christmas tree” have received its name from this tradition, it was earlier called Nordmann fir.  #kungahuset #kungligaslottet #kungsgran #slu
A post shared by Kungahuset (@kungahuset) on Dec 14, 2016 at 2:20am PST


Princess Estelle is well-versed in Swedish holiday traditions. Last year, she starred alongside her parents in a fun Christmas video, wishing everyone a very happy holiday.
The young princess has been enjoying lots of quality time with her parents, who embark on a three-day trip to Italy on Dec. 15.
 
/n