Here's How Scarlett Johansson REALLY Feels About Ivanka Trump!/n

Scarlett Johansson isn't holding back.
For the July issue of Cosmopolitan, the Rough Night star graced the cover and also opened up about the many issues near and dear to her heart. Specifically, the industry vet called out the stigma surrounding female sexuality. YASSSS!
Related: Scarlett Got Drag Queens Into The SNL Party!
During her candid chat with the magazine, the A-lister dragged those who have an issue with women talking about sex, as she noted: 
"When women talk about enjoying sex, it's almost forbidden. Just having a healthy sexual attitude, you are labeled as loose, wild, a slut. You have no morals, and you're seen as some kind of sexual deviant or someone who can't be in a monogamous relationship. The minute you talk about enjoying yourself, being curious, that is still taboo."
Well said!
This fear of discussing sexuality directly correlates with other stigmatized issues, such as Planned Parenthood and the right to affordable healthcare. On why she's a staunch supporter of Planned Parenthood, the 32-year-old explained:
"There's no reason we shouldn't be talking about our reproductive rights. They're something we have to fight for and continue to protect. There's nothing icky about talking about that stuff. Of course, it's private and it's your body, but we should take the stigma away."
Hear! Hear! Of course, being a mother to a young daughter also drives Scarlett's passion for these particular issues. In fact, the mother-of-one hopes her little one, named Rose Dorothy Dauriac, becomes politically active in the future. She continued:
"Whenever you speak publicly, it's always a risk, right? Maybe you'll lose some followers. But if you have something to say, it can be really impactful. I hope my daughter finds her voice and feels like she can engage anyone in any number of topics. I grew up in an environment that encouraged activism, so I never thought about the effect that it would have on my career at any stage. But I know it's a luxury, and not everybody has that luxury."
As Scarlett is so outspoken, it's no wonder she's baffled by Ivanka Trump's complicit nature. In case you forgot, ScarJo famously burned the first daughter in a sketch for Saturday Night Live! However, that doesn't mean Johansson doesn't have sympathy for Donald Trump's spawn.
In regards to her opinions of Miz Trump, the Sing star elaborated:
"I'm not asking her to come out and talk about something she doesn't believe in…I know it's complicated. It's her father. Can you imagine? Maybe she's afraid she'll be abandoned. It's hard to put yourself in somebody's position like that. But how do you move the needle in one direction or the other? Hopefully, she'll make a courageous choice and stand up for what she believes in—whatever that might happen to be."
Yeah, we hope so too…
[Image via Cosmopolitan.]
/n