long-sleeved satin white dress with her hair pinned back in an up-do that was fastened with a gorgeous diamond encrusted pin and done by none other than Rosalie. "Weddings, they bring everyone together!" Alice quipped as they got r.../n
If you consider yourself one of the biggest Twilight enthusiasts of all-time, then you better prepare yourself for some seriously awesome news (and maybe save your money).Prop store and Summit entertainment just announced a two-day auction in which 900 props and set pieces from all five movies of the Twilight saga will go up for auction. The auction will be held November 19 and 20 at the TCL Chinese Theatres in Hollywood, but don't get discouraged just yet. Even if you don't live in the area, fans and collectors will be able to place bids via telephone or online and can follow the auction through the live-streaming webcast. 

So what kind of items can we expect from the auction? Well, considering there's 900 pieces, it seems like nothing will be left behind, but we decided to sift through them and pick out nine of our favorites:

Bella Swan's Engagement Ring: After presenting her with his mother's oval, diamond ring, we'll never forget Edward Cullen's words, "Isabella Swan, I promise to love you every moment of forever. Would you do me the extraordinary honor of marrying me?" 

Bella Swan's Charm Bracelet: Jacob originally gave Bella the bracelet with a hand-carved wolf charm for her graduation. Edward later gave her a heart charm to add to the bracelet. It represents a major romantic plot between the three in the saga.

Edward Cullen's Stunt Crest Cuff: The Cullen crest was worn by everyone in the family to prove that they weren't just a coven, they were a true family who were always bound by loyalty. Edward wore his in the shape of a leather cuff.

Jacob Black's Motorcycle: If you were Team Edward, your heart was crushed a little bit to watch as Jacob drove off on his motorcycle with Bella on the back so they could talk. If you were Team Jacob, you kept smiling even when Bella said, "Hey, lose the grin, Jacob. We're just going for a ride."

Bella Swan's Wedding Bouquet: We'll never forget the picturesque wedding between Edward and Bella, trumping any Pinterest board we've ever seen. While you might not be able to own the location, you can own a piece of it—Bella's gorgeous wedding bouquet!

Bella Swan's Wedding Hair Pin: She looked stunning as she walked down the aisle toward her future husband, wearing a long-sleeved satin white dress with her hair pinned back in an up-do that was fastened with a gorgeous diamond encrusted pin and done by none other than Rosalie. "Weddings, they bring everyone together!" Alice quipped as they got ready together.



Twilight Saga Auction

Renesmee Cullen's Crib: We were so excited for our favorite couple to welcome a bundle of joy into the world. The crib certainly symbolizes family love in the film.

Edward Cullen's Vintage Radio: Music played a big role in Edward's life and then again in his relationship with Bella. The radio was seen in his room the first time Bella visited, while they danced "Claire de Lune."

Cullen House Graduation Display: Not only is this a cool prop from the movie, but it's also a pretty rad piece of artwork. In the film, it represented the many times each one of the kids had "graduated" from high school over their centuries together.
/n