George Clooney: Amal Is the ‘Love of My Life’/n





                    You and Your Significant Other Still Aren't George and Amal Clooney
                







It just isn't fair.

 MORE >>










                    George and Amal Clooney Just Adopted the Cutest Thing Ever
                







Adopt, don’t shop.

 MORE >>





Now that he’s been in the world for half a century, George Clooney is making sure he surrounds himself with the people closest to his heart. At the top of that list? His wife, human rights lawyer Amal Clooney.

“I’ve never been happier in a relationship by any stretch of the imagination. At 52 I found the love of my life and I’m really happy,” he told Esquire during his cover story interview when the reporter asked what he truly wants in life. “I enjoy the work that I’ve been lucky enough to do and I wanna keep doing it. I want to remain creative and be able to stay creative as long as they’ll let me. So I wanna do that.”
He cheekily added, “Oftentimes, I feel like an idiot talking to my own wife.”
Clooney, whose roster of famous pals includes A-listers like Brad Pitt and Matt Damon, also appreciates all the friendships he’s formed over the years. When speaking about Bill Murray, who also graces the cover of the May 2016 issue, the 54-year-old has nothing but love for his fellow actor.


george clooney and brad pitt's friendship through the years








































18 Photos »


“He’s oddly emotional. He’s incredibly warm and emotional,” he said of his friend. “He gave a toast at our wedding that was so elegant and beautiful and warm and he’s such a loving individual. And he’s adaptable to anyplace he goes. Everybody’s life is a puzzle that’s missing this one piece, and he fits in each time.”
“I feel that he gets a good amount of joy out of how much people love him. I think he really likes that,” he continued. “There’s this gentleness about him. He’s just such a funny, sweet man. Obviously talented, but in many ways he’s just a normal guy.”





CREDIT: Nigel Parry


As for his legacy, Clooney feels that — even with 76 actor credits and counting — he’ll only be remembered for a handful of movies.
“I had this conversation with my dad not long ago about legacy. He said, ‘No one will really remember all the things that I did—the work that I’ve done.’ And we were talking and I said, ‘I look at some of the films that I was able to do—the ones that mattered. Good Night, and Good Luck; Michael Clayton; Out of Sight; Up in the Air; The Descendants. I look back and think I’ve got seven or eight films that will stand the test of time,'” Clooney explained. “And I said, ‘That’s my legacy, I suppose.'”





CREDIT: Nigel Parry


/n