Boy Band Beatdown! Watch Louis Tomlinson Flip Photographer During Airport Brawl/n
This is the moment One Direction star Louis Tomlinson never wanted his fans to see! The former teen dream was CAUGHT freaking out and flipping a photographer onto his back in an airport brawl last night, and only RadarOnline.com has the video.
The explosive world exclusive footage shows the 25-year-old British pop aggressively approaching a photographer at LAX after the snapper refused to stop taking photos of the star and his girlfriend, Eleanor Calder returning from vacation. The ensuing brawl led to the boy bander’s arrest by Los Angeles police at 11:45 p.m.
Tomlinson’s lawyer, Beverly Hills legal eagle Marty Singer, has claimed the incident was provoked by paparazzi. But the raucous tape — filmed by another bystander — shows a different story.
PHOTOS: Mom Of Jim Carrey’s Ex Opens Up About Fight Before Her Suicide
Tomlinson was returning to Los Angeles from Las Vegas where he had reunited with Calder, following their split in 2015 after dating for four years. And what should have been a relaxing return quickly turned ugly.
“The whole thing was chaos, and Louis was aggressive and swearing,” an eyewitness told Radar.
Meanwhile, Calder got caught up in her own drama too, fighting with two fans who were reportedly at LAX in an effort to meet the couple.
After Tomlinson’s scuffle with the photographer, “he then ran over to try to break up the second fight” between his girlfriend and the women, said the insider.
Although Calder appeared to believe the women were filming Tomlinson’s fight, an eyewitness to the brawl told Radar, “They were just innocent bystanders and claim they didn’t even know who Louis and Eleanor were.
PHOTOS: When Celebrities ATTACK! 14 Notorious Hollywood Vs. The Paparazzi Incidents
The photographer and witness both made citizens’ arrests, and Tomlinson was taken away by cops, but released by 1:45 a.m. on Saturday morning. The paparazzo in question has provided a statement to the police, Radar has learned.
One of the young girls ended up with a cut above her eye and was shaken when law enforcement arrived at the scene, said the source.
Story developing.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n