Mean Girls Director: Lindsay Lohan Wasn't Supposed to Play the Lead/n
This year marks the 10th anniversary of Mean Girls, which is great news for those of us still trying to make “fetch” happen.   
In the meantime, Vulture caught up with director Mark Waters to share some insider gossip, none of which was about Janis Ian and that eighth grade pool party.  
While we’re still not sure why “grool” hasn’t been added to the dictionary or if Damian ever got his pink shirt back, Waters’s most interesting reveal – for those who didn’t memorize the DVD’s special features – was the casting shakeup revolving around the now-classic high school comedy’s queen bee. 
Lindsay Lohan originally intended to play cafeteria-ruling, boyfriend-stealing, carb-consuming Regina George, not “homeschooled jungle freak”-turned-Plastic Cady Heron.   
“Her energy is a very aggressive, testosterone-laden energy, and that’s exactly what I knew I needed for Regina George,” said Waters, who also worked with Lohan on the 2003 remake of Freaky Friday. “When I gave it to her, she was like, ‘I f––– love Regina George! This is exactly the part I want to play.’ So we did a read-through, and we were trying to look for somebody to play the role of Cady, but frankly, we didn’t find anyone we liked who felt strong enough to go up against Lindsay.”  
The success of Freaky Friday, however, convinced executives to put Lohan in the spotlight. “Lindsay kind of begrudgingly said, ‘Okay, I guess I’ll play the lead. At least I get to have more lines,'” added Waters.  
As for the rest of the Plastics, then-24-year-old Rachel McAdams first read for the part of Cady. “I told her, ‘I think you’re a movie star, but you’re too old for this character,'” Waters said. “‘You just aren’t going to be able to play the ingenue.'”  
RELATED: It’s a Mean Girls Reunion! Lindsay Lohan & Daniel Franzese Hang in N.Y.C.
The chemistry clicked between Lohan and McAdams, who beat out Plastic costar-to-be Amanda Seyfried for the role of Regina George in all of her Burn Book-conspiring glory.  
“When Lindsay was acting with Rachel, she got very shy because Rachel was older and a very accomplished actress,” Waters said. “She’d come in the room and not talk to Lindsay – she was very focused. Lindsay kind of got nervous around her, and I thought that, more than anything, was going to be the deciding factor, the fact that she affected Lindsay in that way.”  
  


 Like us on Facebook for more stories like this! 


/n