 ‘Married at First Sight’ Star Sonia Rips Ex Nick For Pregnancy & Cheating Scandal.../n
Married at First Sight star Nick Pendergrast didn’t wait long before moving on from ex-wife Sonia Granados, as he’s currently expecting twins with his new girlfriend! Granados is now telling all on the scandal that’s rocking the franchise exclusively to RadarOnline.com.
Earlier this week, Pendergrast and his girlfriend Heather Yerrid revealed they’re expecting twins only months after his January separation from Granados, who he met on the reality dating show. Their divorce was finalized in April.
Pendergrast reached out to the AfterBuzz TV host, who is also a love and relationship coach, three months before he met her in May to seek help.
PHOTOS:‘Shahs Of Sunset’ Star Jessica Pardido Caught Her Hubby Cheating
“I don’t feel like discussing Nick,” Granados exclusively told Radar. “I am doing absolutely wonderful!”
Granados added that unlike her ex-husband, she is “not dating anyone right now.”
But Granados didn’t stay silent on social media.
“He’s pregnant by his life coach who I’ve spoken to,” she tweeted. “Who messages me during the show that him and I were meant to be. Are you serious?”
PHOTOS: Gavin Rossdale Replaces Gwen Stefani Lookalike Amid Cheating Scandal
She even hinted that he cheated on her with Yerrid.
“While he was trying to ‘work’ things out with me, but telling her different,” she tweeted. “Good luck to them both.”
But Pendergrast defended himself and his relationship, as he told Fox News in an interview, “I reached out to Heather for advice on myself, not my marriage. I was headed for divorce so I knew that my marriage was not salvageable.”
PHOTOS: Busted? Joe Giudice’s Suspected Cheating History — Teresa Betrayed In 15 Photos, See The Women He’s Believed To Have Been With
He added, “After Sonia stood me up for Valentine’s Day, it was then I realized she had given up one-hundred percent. Shortly after that, I reached out to Heather a couple of times for guidance on how to get back to focusing on me and getting my life together. Going through a divorce is messy and depleting. To be honest, I was ready to focus on myself from being so drained from the last eight months so this was a complete surprise. It just happened.”
Do you think Pendergrast cheated? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n