 EXCLUSIVE VIDEO INTERVIEW: Jesse James Alleged Mistress Is A "Rock Star", "Queen Of The.../n
Michelle “Bombshell” McGee is the stripper who allegedly had an affair with Sandra Bullock‘s husband and RadarOnline.com has the exclusive sexy steamy video from the strip club that shows off her fully tattooed body.
“Michelle ‘Bombshell’ she is our rock star, she is our queen of the damned. She is the one who brings the wild side, the pure sensuality to the thing. If you wanted to get dominated out there she’s the girl for the job,” one of the owners of the Pure Platinum strip club exclusively told RadarOnline.com. Eric Von Sydow, a dead ringer for Hugh Jackman‘s Wolverine character, has been Michelle’s boss for a few years at the strip club and raved about her.
Sandra and Jesse Over The Years
Von Sydow calls himself “Hypnotica, The Rock Star of Seduction,” and he recently had Michelle speak on a panel at a seminar he conducted teaching men how to approach women and increase their odds of hooking up with them.
He spoke highly of the woman at the center of the scandal that rocked Hollywood just days after Sandra Bullock won her Best Actress Oscar.
Sandra Bullock’s Early Years in Hollywood
Von Sydow described why Michelle “Bombshell,” who dances under the name Avery, is such a successful stripper.
“She’s very skilled as far as seduction reasoning,” Hypnotica said about Michelle’s talents.
PHOTOS:   Michelle McGee’s Racy Photo Shoots
RadarOnline.com exclusively reported the Michelle uses her son’s name as her stripper name.
Hypnotica exclusively invited RadarOnline.com to Pure Platinum to learn more about Michelle “Bombshell,” one of the top featured strippers at the club.
PHOTOS:  Jesse James Still Wearing Wedding Ring
“Her style’s pretty real. Matter of fact. She’s not going to play games. She’s her own unique personality.”
He described how people react to seeing the stripper who is covered in tattoos, including one on her forehead. “Most people walk in and they’re intimidated.”
EXCLUSIVE:  Sandra Bullock’s Husband and Alleged Mistress Traded Messages Online —  Read Them Here
However, he said despite her hard image she can show a different side. “She’s playful, she’s fun loving, she likes to have fun. She likes to push boundaries, push barriers.”
Eric Von Sydow told RadarOnline.com what it is about Michelle that men, like Sandra Bullock’s married husband, are attracted to. “Michelle’s an enigma. There’s a lot more going on than meets the eye. You can look at it, try to size her up and you think you know what she’s about – then she just goes deeper and deeper and deeper. She’s the 2010 Elvira.”
Alleged    Mistress Of Sandra Bullock’s Husband Featured Herself On Adult Website /n