Joe Biden Has Something Powerful To Say To Young Men On College Campuses — 'A Woman Who's Dead Drunk Cannot Consent, You Are Raping Her'/n

With a known sexual assaulter in the White House, we need this conversation more than ever.
Former Vice President Joe Biden delivered a speech to students at George Mason University on Wednesday — where he called on young men to take responsibility for changing the culture of sexual assault and rape on college campuses.
The event was organized by It's On Us, which is a campaign that was started by Biden and his bestie, former President Barack Obama to combat "the epidemic of sexual violence" at schools across the country during their time in office.
Related: Joe Regrets Not Running For President
During the fiery speech, everyone's favorite politician said bluntly:

"I've been in a lot of locker rooms. I don't know where in locker rooms where it is acceptable to talk about, 'Man, I was out this weekend and boy, I got a piece of her, and I did this and I did that.' The guys who usually say that are usually the ugliest sons of bi— guns in the room. Here's the deal guys, you gotta speak up. You cannot let that kind of talk be bred on a college campus."
He later urged the students to speak up: 

"When you see something, if you're a fraternity brother and you see a young freshman co-ed in the second week dead drunk, and him walking her up the stairs, you gotta go up to him and say, 'Hey, not in my house, Jack. Not in my house.' Because if you don't, you are an accomplice. You know what's about to happen. You know!"
At another point in the speech, Biden clearly laid out that "consent requires affirmative consent":

"Guys, a woman who's dead drunk cannot consent. You are raping her."
The 74-year-old finished the speech by hitting home the point:

"I say to you guys, please, please act like men. Rape and sexual assault are not about sex, it's about power. If you want to be a man, stand up, man. And if you can't get her to say yes because she wants to, you ain't much."
*CLAPS*
Watch some of the highlights from Buzzfeed News (below)!


Joe Biden just offered some blunt advice to college men: "Guys, a woman who’s dead drunk cannot consent. You are raping her." pic.twitter.com/Z4GPmKFq3s
— BuzzFeed News (@BuzzFeedNews) April 26, 2017

MISS YOU, JOE.
[Image via Twitter.]/n