Donald Trump Calls Meryl Streep ‘One of the Most Over-Rated Actresses’ Following Critical Golden Globes Speech/n





                    Meryl Streep May Join Emily Blunt in ‘Mary Poppins’ Sequel 
                







YES, PLEASE.

 MORE >>





Meryl Streep addressed President-elect Donald Trump’s mockery of a handicapped reporter during her acceptance speech for the Cecil B. DeMille Award at the 2017 Golden Globes.

Without saying Trump’s name, Streep referenced the episode during the President-elect’s campaign in which he seemingly ridiculed New York Times reporter Serge F. Kovaleski, who has arthrogryposis, a disease that limits the movement of his joints.
“There was one performance this year that stunned me,” Streep said in her speech at the Golden Globes. “It sank its hooks in my heart. Not because it was good. There was nothing good about it. But it was effective, and it did its job. It made its intended audience laugh and show their teeth.
“It was that moment when the person asking to sit in the most respected seat in our country imitated a disabled reporter. Someone he outranked in privilege, power, and the capacity to fight back. It kind of broke my heart when I saw it. I still can’t get it out of my head because it wasn’t in a movie. It was real life.”
Trump took to Twitter to address Streep’s criticism after the awards show concluded, calling her “one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood” and a “Hillary [Clinton] flunky.”


Meryl Streep, one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood, doesn't know me but attacked last night at the Golden Globes. She is a…..
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 9, 2017



Hillary flunky who lost big. For the 100th time, I never "mocked" a disabled reporter (would never do that) but simply showed him…….
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 9, 2017



"groveling" when he totally changed a 16 year old story that he had written in order to make me look bad. Just more very dishonest media!
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 9, 2017

In a brief interview after the show, Trump also told the New York Times that, at the time, he had not watched the speech, but he was “not surprised” that his actions were called out by “liberal movie people.”


	2017 Golden Globes: Meryl Streep Accepts the Cecil B. DeMille Award








































10 Photos »


Kellyanne Conway, a senior advisor to Donald Trump, said on Fox and Friends on Monday (Jan. 9, 2017), “I’m concerned that somebody with a platform like Meryl Streep is also, I think, inciting people’s worst instincts.”
Streep was given a rousing introduction by her Doubt co-star Viola Davis before Davis presented her with the Cecil B. DeMille Award. Watch Davis’s speech and Streep’s address below. Launch the gallery at the top of the page to view more photos of Streep at the 2017 Golden Globes.

/n