Amy Poehler: No Longer Wearing Wedding Ring After Separation From Will Arnett/n
By Radar Staff
Ditching your wedding ring is the surest sign you are moving on after a separation and that’s just what Amy Poehler has done.
The Parks and Recreation actress resurfaced on Sunday, sans ring, for the first time since her split from husband of nine years, Will Arnett, and RadarOnline.com has the photos.PHOTOS: Amy Poehler Goes Ringless Following Break From Will Arnett
Walking through LAX, seemingly without a care in the world, a fresh-faced Poehler smiled for the cameras wearing thick-rimmed black glasses, a dark blue shirt, blazer and jeans, matched with a pair of headphones.
As RadarOnline.com previously reported, the pair confirmed they were filling for divorce after their romance “fizzled out.”
PHOTOS:   The Hottest Divorcees in Bikinis
The comedic pair, who parted ways amicably, lost their spark and the happiness was drained out of their relationship, a source said.
However, despite the break-up, Amy, 40, and Will, 42, are looking forward to raising their two kids Archie, 3, and Abel, 2, and still have the utmost respect for one another.
PHOTOS:   Hollywood’s  Dirtiest Divorces
“Will and Amy started to feel more like best friends than a married couple and sadly they lost their spark,” the source revealed.
“They drifted apart, like a lot of couples do, but there’s no malice in the split, nor was anyone else involved.
PHOTOS: Celebrity Break-Ups
“The two still love each other very dearly – and everything is completely amicable – but the romance died and neither one of them was happy, sosomething had to be done.
“Everyone used to think that because Amy and Will are both comedians their relationship was all fun. However, the laughter stopped a long time ago and now they just want to move on with their lives.
PHOTOS:   The Costliest Celebrity Divorces
“Archie and Abel will still be well cared for, and Amy and Will will make sure they are still their number one priority,” the source divulged.
Arnett was previously married to actress Penelope Ann Miller, who split from her second husband James Huggins last march, although they filed for divorce just a month after their marriage.
PHOTOS: Amy Poehler Is Honored At Power Of Comedy Bash
Both Poehler and Arnett are nominated for Primetime Emmy Awards and they will no doubt cross paths at the show on September 23.
RELATED STORIES:
Pregnant Man Wants Fourth Child With New Girlfriend
Katy Perry Embarrassed About Falling For John MayerOn The Rocks! Emily Maynard & Jef Holm ‘Have Already Come Close To Breaking Up’Say It Isn’t So! John Mayer Dumps Katy Perry After Just Weeks Of Dating /n