Celebrites Enjoyed Themselves in the Giving Suite During the 2016 Emmy Awards/n





                    2016 Emmy Awards: 10 Important Behind-the-Scenes Moments You Probably Missed
                







The best Emmys moments are those that happen when the TV cameras are turned away.

 MORE >>





It was a charitable night for the celebrities at the Emmys!
It was another successful production for Backstage Creations, specialists in award show gifts and custom backstage gift suites, produced the Giving Suite™ at the 2016 Emmy® Awards at the Microsoft Theater.
The show aired live coast-to-coast on Sunday, September 18th (8 ET/5 PT) on ABC. In addition to treating presenters and performers to an array of luxury goods (did you enter our giveaway), the lounge served as a Giving Suite™ as celebrities who participated helped to raise up to $150,000 in donations to support the Television Academy Foundation. Established in 1959 as the charitable arm of the Television Academy, the Foundation was created to engage and educate the next generation of the television industry.
Its many programs include an acclaimed television industry internship program for promising college students, the annual College Television Awards recognizing top student television producers, the online Archive of American Television chronicling the stories of television legends and innovators, and unparalleled resources for television, film and digital departments at colleges and universities nationwide.
Hosted by Jimmy Kimmel, the 2016 Emmy Awards roster of presenters included Regina King, Will Forte, Ty Burrell, William H. Macy, Felicity Huffman, Anthony Anderson, Tracee Ellis Ross, Sterling K. Brown, Michelle Dockery, Tori Kelly and more.
These presenters helped raise $150,000 for the Television Academy Foundation and collect gifts from top brands at the official Giving Suite of the 68th Emmys Awards.
The items in the Giving Suite™ included:
I Can’t Believe It’s Not Butter!® – Black-ish stars, Anthony Anderson and Tracee Ellis Ross, jumped in the I Can’t Believe It’s Not Butter!® photo & gif booth and had a blast. They even predicted that they would win an Emmy, holding up a sign that read, “I can’t believe we won!” Emmy performer, Tori Kelly, also had fun in the I Can’t Believe It’s Not Butter!® photo & gif booth. She held up a sign in her pictures that read, “I can’t believe I’m at my first Emmys!”
Austin Cocktails – Shameless star, William H. Macy, and his wife, Felicity Huffman, loved Austin Cocktails’ premixed cocktails so much that they came back for a second drink. Actor, Will Forte, also came back for seconds and said, “This margarita is better than Bali.” Actress, Minnie Driver, loved the cocktails so much, she said she would be serving it in her own 1930’s sherry glasses.
Jaybird Freedom – While checking out the Jaybird Freedom wireless headphones, Modern Family’s Ty Burrell said, “Oh, I have a pair of these. They’re great!” Actor, Will Forte, also enjoyed the wireless headphones, stating, “Oh so these will work with my new phone?! That’s great!”
L.A. Star Greens, Perfect 10 organic Superfood – Michael Weatherly loved Perfect 10 organic Superfood by L.A. Star Greens and mentioned that his wife would love it, too. Anthony Anderson tried the product and loved it, as well. He said, “Let me sell this stuff.”
Nu Skin Enterprises – Empire’s Terrence Howard checked out the ageLOC Me from Nu Skin and said, “My wife would love this!” While checking out the ageLOC me, Joel McHale exclaimed, “Does that mean I can have personalized skin care forever?!”
Rottet Studio – Shameless star, William H. Macy, and his wife, Felicity Huffman, relaxed in the lounge area designed by Rottet Studio for nearly an hour before the heading to their seats for the show. Downton Abbey’s Michelle Dockery loved her candle from Rottet Collection by Air Aroma. She said, “I love candles. I’d love to have a candle… or maybe two. It smells beautiful.”
the hinde by kelli bailey – While checking out a leather bag by the hinde, Emmy winner, Regina King, stated, “I’ve never seen anything like it before—it’s terrific!” Downton Abbey’s Michelle Dockery fell in love with the hinde’s leather bags. She said, “The bag is so beautiful on its own. I could see it hanging on a chair in the house. It’s so comfortable that I hardly know it’s on.” SNL’s Leslie Jones picked up a beautiful red bag by the hinde and said she couldn’t wait to wear it.
The Mulia, Mulia Resort & Villas – Nusa Dua, Bali – Actor, Will Forte, was thrilled to receive a trip to the Mulia Resort in Bali. He said, “OMG, that’s amazing. I’m going to Bali right now!” Emmy winner, Regina King, said, “You know what’s crazy? After my win, they asked me what my favorite place to travel was and I said Bali!”
Celebrities also received:
Benjamin Steakhouse Prime – Benjamin Steakhouse Prime is the newest addition to the Benjamin Restaurant Group family, opening this fall. Here we combine modern elegance with the steakhouse classics by serving only the best USDA prime steaks, succulent seafood and more from the grill.
ChapStick® – ChapStick® Total Hydration Moisture + Tint, the first-ever tinted lip balm from the experts in lip care, is a tinted moisturizer that enhances the lips’ natural color. It is made with 100% naturally sourced ingredients, including advanced ingredients like Rosehip Seed Oil and is available in three shades – Merlot, Coral Blush and Rose Petal.
Colgate® Optic White® Toothbrush + Whitening Pen – With the Colgate® Optic White® Toothbrush + Whitening Pen you can get a #DesignerSmile with 5 shades whiter teeth that starts working in 1 day! It’s as easy as…Brush. Whiten. Go.® – No waiting, no rinsing!
Crane Stationery – Since 1801, heads of state and stately households alike have chosen Crane to celebrate life’s grand occasions, both large and small. Be a part of history and celebrate our exquisite craftsmanship with our new 1801 collection of hand-crafted stationery.
Hasbro’s Furby Connect – Get ready to discover a world of surprises with Furby Connect! The digitally-integrated Furby Connect friend from Hasbro interacts with kids through its own hilarious take on songs, videos, and more surprises continually delivered via Bluetooth®.
Icelandic Glacial™ – Natural Spring Water from Iceland.
Inkk Nail Lacquers – Inkk is a luxury, 5-free, vegan and cruelty-free nail lacquer brand specializing in customizable Your Color, Your Name nail lacquers that can be made by anyone straight from their phone or computer. The innovation behind Inkk enables women to wear nail lacquer colors that are personal to them and available when they want.
Millennium Hotels and Resorts – Discover our World of uniquely spirited hotels with a two-night sojourn at Millennium Biltmore Hotel Los Angeles. Complete with dinner for two at Smeraldi’s and VIP amenities. Winner will receive a two-night stay and dinner.
MIZANI 25 Miracle Milk – 25 Miracle Milk is a lightweight leave-in treatment that provides 25 benefits in just a few sprays. This easy-to-use product preps hair for styling, helps detangle with less breakage, provides moisture, protects against heat damage and is free of paraben, sulfate, drying alcohols and mineral oil.
Nature’s Bounty Hair, Skin & Nails Gummies – Nature’s Bounty® Hair, Skin & Nail Gummies provide you with the vital nutrients your body needs to support your natural beauty from the inside and out.* Our Hair, Skin & Nails Gummies are full of vitamins including Biotin, Vitamin C and Vitamin E to help you feel healthy, beautiful and well. *These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.
Red Coat PR & Six Best Selling Authors – Featuring some of today’s Best Selling authors including; Denise Grover Swank, Randi Wilson, Stacy Green, L.P. Dover, Kristie Cook and Amy Miles. Available in print and on all major e-book platforms.
Scarves by Mary DeArment – Silk and cashmere scarves empower women while inviting interesting conversations about the messages embedded in the artwork. Every Mary DeArment design is made with a word; these visual puzzles include socially conscious words/phrases/acronyms such as “peace,” “gender equality,” “STEM,” and “world citizen.”
sérumtologié® – sérumtologié, based in Beverly Hills, CA, is a leading maker of novel and innovative skin care products containing clinically proven ingredients but without the often shockingly high price tag of many other luxury skin brands. Two of the company’s products that have met with strong client acceptance are our groundbreaking C serum º22 and PURE Whipped Chiffon, its companion daily moisturizer.
Thera Cane MAX Trigger Point Massager – Treat yourself to deep relief from painful, knotted, spasmed muscles. This amazingly simple yet effective self-massager makes it easy to apply pain-relieving deep compression directly to hard, knotted “trigger points” anywhere they occur – breaking up tension even in the hardest-to-reach muscles between your shoulder blades!


2016 Emmys: All the Red Carpet Arrivals








































82 Photos »


/n