 Cher Fears Son Elijah Will Relapse! Dad's Death, Destructive Behavior & Near Overdose.../n
Cher is shattered over the toxic antics of her troubled son, Elijah Blue Allman, and on the heels of dad Gregg Allman‘s death, the singer fears her eldest is on the verge of a relapse, RadarOnline.com has learned exclusively.
Mark Groubert, a close friend and former life coach of Elijah’s, reveals to Radar that Cher has lost her will to live over the 41-year-old’s destructive behavior as she’s in constant fear he’ll relapse on opioids after his music legend father passed away of liver cancer at age 69 on May 27.
“This is the kind of thing that could drive Elijah back to drugs,” an insider tells us. “Everyone is praying it doesn’t — not only for his sake, but especially for Cher’s sake. It could kill her!”
PHOTOS: Cher Sails Away From Health Problems With Trip To Italy
Groubert, also an author and screenwriter who is shopping a tell-all book, titled, “Cher: All in the Family,” tells us that between 2005 and 2014, he tried to keep heroin addict Elijah on the straight and narrow — but a trip to Vancouver nearly ended with Elijah dead on a seedy street!
“Elijah was finishing [an] album at a post-production house up there,” Mark told Radar. “Unbeknownst to me, he’d copped some heroin and smoked it. Around midnight, he collapsed on the sidewalk in a red-light district. He couldn’t move — and I couldn’t get him up!”
“I told him that if the press found out he had OD’ed on the streets of Vancouver, his mom would go ballistic!” Mark recalled.
PHOTOS: 300 LBS & Growing! Chaz Bono Killing Himself With Yo-Yo Weight Swings — Top Doc Claims
Elijah previously confessed to The ENQUIRER in 2014, “My drug addiction was pretty much about an eight-year thing of really heavy using. I was taking lots of drugs on the road. I was smoking dope [heroin], taking a lot of pills, any painkiller we could get and drinking.”
“Cher worries constantly about Elijah, and it’s been wreaking havoc on her body for years,” another source spills. “Friends are definitely worried it will one day put her in the grave!”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n