Caitlyn Jenner Confirms She Has Stopped Talking to Kim Kardashian/n





                    Caitlyn Jenner Says She Was 'Not Entirely Comfortable' Having Sex with Kris Jenner
                







Inside their sex life. 

 MORE >>










                    Caitlyn Jenner Reveals Kris Jenner's Reaction to Her Memoir
                







How did the momager react to the tell-all?

 MORE >>





Caitlyn Jenner isn’t on friendly speaking terms with Kim Kardashian at the moment.

Confirming speculations that the family’s relationship has been strained since the release of Caitlyn’s memoir, The Secrets of My Life, the Olympian admitted she hasn’t spoken to Kim for weeks.
“I love Kimberly, I think she’s a wonderful person,” she said on the Today show on Australia’s 9 Network Thursday (May 11, 2017). “But, well, to be honest with you, I really haven’t talked to her in a long time. I’ve kind of let everything calm down. So I kind of stay, you know, I keep my distance. I’m out there trying to make a difference in the world.”
“There’s a lot of drama in the Kardashian family. This is my book about my opinions on things that had happened with me and my family,” she continued. “Any time I express my opinion, you know, with my family, there’s always challenges in doing that.”


a guide to Caitlyn Jenner's Style 








































28 Photos »


Caitlyn’s confession follows Kim’s admission that she no longer respects her former step-dad’s “character” after making claims that Kris Jenner knew about her decision to transition from man to woman. Though Caitlyn maintains she told the Kardashian matriarch about her desires to become a woman during their 24-year marriage, Kris has vehemently denied the conversation and says she was blindsided by the transition news.
Earlier this week, Caitlyn appeared on The Talk and said she has “no regrets” in publishing details about her life with Kris, including how she never felt “comfortable” with having sex with the momager. “This is my story, my interpretation,” she argued. “It is not done maliciously at all.”





The I Am Cait star also alleged she was never taken seriously during her time on Keeping Up with the Kardashians. “My opinion was never really brought forward. It was always everyone else’s opinion,” she said. “I was with a lot of strong women, which is fine. But this is my story. I was so nice to Kris in the book. I said a lot of good things.”
Revealing that she’s also stopped speaking to Kris, Caitlyn added she hopes they will be able to move past the drama once the promotional tour for her book ends.
“We’re not talking as much as we used to, but I’m sure that’ll change when everything calms down,” Caitlyn shared. “My house is open. My relationship with some of the kids is better. With others it’s maybe a little more strained.”


Bruce Jenner Through the Years








































23 Photos »


/n