Everybody Loves Raymond Cast Reunites to Honor Doris Roberts Everybody loves Doris Roberts. The Everybody Loves Raymond matriarch, 90, died Sunday, and since then her co-stars have been expressing their condolences and honoring their fallen .../n
Everybody loves Doris Roberts.The Everybody Loves Raymond matriarch, 90, died Sunday, and since then her co-stars have been expressing their condolences and honoring their fallen friend. Wednesday night, however, a bunch of the cast, writers and producers of the hit CBS series reunited to pay tribute to Roberts. Show creator Phil Rosenthal tweeted a picture with a sweet message."Last night some old friends got together to raise a glass, and a plate of pasta, to #DorisRoberts. Lots of love," he wrote.Ray Romano (Ray Barone), Patricia Heaton (Debra Barone), Monica Horan Rosenthal (Amy MacDougall), Tucker Cawley, Aileen Cawley, Tom Caltabiano, Aaron Shure and Mike Royce and more attended the dinner."Doris Roberts had an energy and a spirit that amazed me. She never stopped," Romano said in a statement to E! News after hearing she passed away. "Whether working professionally or with her many charities, or just nurturing and mentoring a green young comic trying to make it as an actor, she did everything with such a grand love for life and people and I will miss her dearly."



CBS

"Truly the end of an era. My wonderful TV mother-in-law and ELR nemesis Doris Roberts was a consummate professional from whom I learned so much," Heaton wrote on Twitter. "She was funny and tough and loved life, living it to the fullest. Nothing gave her greater joy than her three wonderful grandchildren, of whom she was so proud. It truly was a privilege Doris. I love you and miss you."Roberts' unforgettable role as Marie Barone landed her four primetime Emmy Awards for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Comedy Series and critical acclaim. She also built up a passionate fan base, which included some unlikely stars.In an interview with The Hollywood Reporter, Rosenthal recalled the last time he was with his beloved colleague and the intriguing star they met.

"The last time I saw [Doris], my wife and I took her to see Lady Gaga and Tony Bennett at the Hollywood Bowl," he shared. "We had a lovely time and we went backstage and we met Tony Bennett and Lady Gaga, and Lady Gaga gushed all over.""She couldn't believe she was meeting Doris. She loved Doris," Rosenthal continued. "She watched the show and was a fan and that was something, because here's somebody that you wouldn't expect to be an Everybody Loves Raymond fan or a Marie Barone fan."Marie Barone absolutely loved Raymond, but it looks like everybody else loved Marie.
/n