Giveaway Alert: Win the ‘Hollywood Game Night’ Gift Bag, Worth Nearly $800/n





                    Giveaway Alert!
                







Win a bottle of cologne signed by Scott Eastwood!

 MORE >>





Hollywood Game Night returns on July 7 (10 p.m. on NBC), and ahead of the big night, we’re giving away the gift bag given to stars like Chrissy Teigen, John Legend, Jane Lynch, and Mario Lopez.

Want to win? It couldn’t be easier!
How To Enter
1) Leave a comment on this post telling us what your favorite game (board, video, card, etc.) is.
2) Feel free to leave multiple comments and list all of your favorite games!
3) When leaving your comment(s), make sure you are logged in using a valid email address! We will contact the winner via email next week.
4) Please read the complete contest rules here.
The gift bag, valued at $764, includes the following items:

ASEA – RENU 28 delivers revitalizing redox signaling molecules in a simple, natural gel to gently enhance skin health at the cellular level, supporting younger, more vibrant looking skin.
BiGR AUDIO – Metal headphones by BiGR Audio. Laser engraved detailing on anodized black metal and black chrome.
Buckle-Down – Dog Leash, made in the USA with vivid graphics on a 4-foot long nylon strap, perfect for a walk in the city.
Cassandra’s Gourmet Classics, Corp. – Island Treasures Gourmet Rum Cake – A smooth and incredibly moist rum cake in 7 delicious flavors including Cinnamon Pecan Streusel, Raspberry, Chocolate/Chocolate Chip and Vanilla.  Made in the USA.
Crabtree & Evelyn – Infused with shea butter and macadamia nut oil to condition and moisturise, Peak & Pink Magnolia Ultra-Moisturising Hand Therapy nourishes skin so it’s noticeably smoother.
CouchPotato.Com – CouchPotato.com $50 Gift Certificate redeemable for the very best in Movies and TV in Blu Ray and DVD at CouchPotato.com.
Dearfoams – New slippers for spring 2015 include machine washable men’s microsuede moccasins with plaid insoles, as well as women’s sequined ballerinas.
Hard Rock International – Hard Rock International has provided a true classic – its classic black Hard Rock Cafe T-shirt. Hard Rock’s Classic and City T-shirts are the most popular selling items, as Hard Rock collectible and fashion merchandise has become the authoritative memento of the rock experience enjoyed at each unique Hard Rock location.
JOHNSON’S POPCORN INC.® – Hand tossed caramel corn made directly on the Ocean City, NJ Boardwalk. Made with the same excellent quality since 1940.
Marchon- Designer eyewear by Marchon.
Mattel, Inc. – Apples to Apples® doesn’t believe in right or wrong answers. Players use the cards to create crazy combinations so that every game is as unique as the individuals who are playing it now.  And UNO Dare!™ action cards force your opponent to either draw 2 cards or perform a hilarious dare! Talk like a pirate, hold your cards with your feet, dance like a robot and lots more!
Monopoly 80th Anniversary Game – Celebrate eight decades of monopoly history with the anniversary edition of the classic, fast-trading property game featuring tokens from the 1930s to the 2000s and a vintage inspired game board.
RONALDO DESIGNER JEWELRY – Ronaldo’s “HERO” bracelet, a handcrafted two-toned design of interwoven patterns created with sterling silver and 14k gold artist wire – Made in the USA.  The “HERO” bracelet honors any Hero in our lives and proceeds are donated to Wounded Warrior programs across the country.
SISTERS OF LOS ANGELES – The 405, The 5 & The 10 Freeway Hats so you can be a true CALIFORNIAN!
The Spice Lab – The look of rose quartz and made of 100% Himalayan Salt, these unique glasses add the perfect touch of salt to your tequila shooter.  New, patent-pending insert keeps tequila from getting too salty.
ZUMER SPORT – Zumer Sport football and basketball duffle bags – made from actual sport ball materials!

Items in photo subject to change based on availability – some colors and styles may vary.  Courtesy of Backstage Creations.
Remember, all you need to do to enter is leave comments below telling us what your favorite games are. Best of luck to everyone!
/n