Prince William and Prince Harry on Princess Diana: “We Let Her Down”/n





                    Prince William and Prince Harry Open Up to Kate Middleton About Princess Diana's Death
                







All captured on film.

 MORE >>










                    Prince William Still Finds It 'Difficult' to Talk About Princess Diana's Death
                







This is heartbreaking. 

 MORE >>





Prince William and Prince Harry are opening up about losing Princess Diana at a young age.

Twenty years after the royal’s death, the two brothers authorized a BBC documentary about their late mother. Tentatively titled Diana, the 90-minute special will center around the People’s Princess’ life and the week following her fatal 1997 car crash.
At the time of her passing, William was 15 and Harry was only 12.
“Part of the reason why Harry and I want to do this is because we feel we owe it to her,” William told BBC. “I think an element of it is feeling like we let her down when we were younger. We couldn’t protect her.”
He continued, “We feel we at least owe her 20 years on to stand up for her name and remind everybody of the character and person that she was.”


Prince Charles and Princess Diana Introduce Prince William


































5 Photos »


Harry explained he approved of the documentary because he wanted to show just how much of an impact his mom made on the world. To this day, William and Harry continue Diana’s legacy by working with organizations and charities focused on mental health and AIDS research.
“I think it’s never going to be easy for the two of us to talk about our mother, but 20 years on seems like a good time to remind people of the difference that she made not just to the royal family but also to the world,” he said.
“Now, looking back at it, it was amazing that our mother had such a huge effect on so many people,” Harry shared. “When you’re that young and something like that happens to you, I think it’s lodged in here, there, wherever—in your heart, in your head and it stays there for a very, very long time.”


Princess Diana's Best Mommy Moments with Prince William and Prince Harry








































13 Photos »


/n