Nina Dobrev Says a Final Goodbye to The Vamprie Diaries in Emotional Instagram Post/n
It's so hard to say goodbye, and it's especially so hard to say goodbye twice. Nina Dobrev originally left The Vampire Diaries in 2015 with an emotional tour of goodbyes, but now The Vampire Diaries is leaving all of us, and she's making us emotional all over again. While she hasn't been on the show for the past two seasons, Dobrev returned for the series finale and commemorated her final scene with one hell of an Instagram post, thanking the fans and the family she created over the years and promising that the finale will be satisfying.

"From the bottom of my heart, I send you my biggest thanks for the countless years of implicit dedication, passion, support, and undying love from all the fans that have stuck with us on this truly amazing and beautiful journey," she says. "As this last chapter ends, we welcome and look forward to going on to the next adventure and hope that you continue to follow us as our new journeys begin." "I grew up on this show and am eternally grateful for all the opportunities it has given me, and so thankful for each and every person who worked on The Vampire Diaries over the last 8 years. We are all pieces of a big puzzle and without every truly amazing cast and crew member, this magical puzzle would not be complete. Thank you for all your hard work, friendship and love. You have touched my heart in ways you will never know." 

Dobrev ended her post with by signing it, "Love, Katherine, Amara, Tatia, and of course, Elena Gilbert," and adding the hashtags #TVDforever and #FangsForTheMemories. She also explained that the picture included in the post is of the gift she had made for the crew, thanks to The Giving Keys, a company that engraves inspirational words on key necklaces and encourages customers to give their keys to loved ones who may need some encouragement. "I had these custom engraved TVD #Forever keys made as crew gifts for my beloved TVD a [sic] family," she says. "The Giving Keys is an amazing company that sells products to provide jobs. Every product you purchase supports job creation for individuals transitioning out of homelessness, impacting lives through the power of a Pay It Forward community." So basically, we're just crying for all the reasons at this point. 

The Vampire Diaries airs Fridays at 8 p.m. on the CW. 
/n