 Denise Richards Tells DCFS She Can't Take Charlie Sheen's Twins Anymore: They've Strangled,.../n
Denise Richards no longer wants to care for Charlie Sheen and Brooke Mueller‘s twin sons, Max and Bob, telling the Los Angeles County Department of Children and Family Services that the boys are violent with her daughters and dogs, RadarOnline.com is reporting.
And Richards blames Mueller for the boys’ behavior, claiming they are more problematic and out of control after returning from visits with their mother. She says the boys have terrifying nightmares after visiting with Mueller, keeping them up until 4 a.m.
EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: Brooke Mueller Crack Binge — And $1500 Meth Drug Deal — Caught On Video
In a letter she wrote to DCFS, Richards says the twins abuse her dogs, squeezing their heads until they whimper in pain and strangling them by the neck, threatening to kill them — but it’s not just the animals.
Richards claims the 4-year-old boys are violent with her daughters, Sam, Lola and Eloise, stating they have strangled, scratched, punched, slapped and kicked the girls in the face and head, even spitting on them at times.
PHOTOS: Meet The Parents! Hollywood’s Best & Worst Moms And Dads
Sam, 9, even had to visit the doctor after one incident in which Bob threw a toy at her face, the letter states.
The twins have also acted out by throwing their feces into one of the girls’ bathrooms.
PHOTOS: Hollywood Divorce Lawyers Tell All: Prostitutes, Cross Dressing, Drugs & More Shocking Split Secrets
Outside the home, Richards notes in the letter that Bob and Max are also violent with the other children they attend school with, and have even slapped and punched teachers in the face!
Things are so bad with the boys that Richards says she wanted psychological counseling for them, but Mueller shot it down.
PHOTOS: Celebs Who Have Been In Rehab
As Radar exclusively reported in May, Richards gained temporary custody of Sheen’s twins when Mueller entered rehab for the 22nd time because of ongoing drug use, fearing the boys were not safe in her care. /n