Prince William, Kate Middleton and Baby Bump Are in New York Right Now!/n





                    ***Flawless
                







Kate Middleton reveals due date!

 MORE >>





 OMG! The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge arrived in New York City last night (Sunday) for their 3 day visit!
Kate (who is 5 months pregnant with their second child) and Prince William are already radiating beauty and royalty all over Gotham. Since this is their first time visiting the Big Apple, they have a very packed “New York” agenda – including a basketball game, a visit to the Met, and much more! Read the whole scoop here.

Unfortunately, Prince George is staying home this time around.
 

Royals in new york city, december 2014!








































23 Photos »



Kate and William arrived to the Carlyle hotel on the Upper East Side hotel (outfitted with a British flag in their honor) in style yesterday. Arriving to their hotel, Kate wore a beautiful maroon Seraphine maternity coat and William looked handsome in a suit, as hundreds of fans with flower arrangements and bouquets greeted them, welcoming the royals warmly to New York.
The Carlyle was where Princess Diana stayed when she visited the States in the ’90’s.
Vanity Fair wrote, “‘It’s good to be here,’ William reportedly told the hotel’s managing director, Giovanni Beretta, who was waiting for the pair outside of the hotel in the near-freezing cold.”
Even the Empire State Building welcomed our favorite royal couple!
We welcome Their #Royal Highnesses The Duke & Duchess of Cambridge by sparkling in red, white & blue. #RoyalVisitUSA pic.twitter.com/o0tr84eKAI
— Empire State Bldg (@EmpireStateBldg) December 7, 2014
Last night, the couple attended  a private event with the American Friends of The Royal Foundation, where Kate wore a three-quarter-sleeve black lace dress by Beulah London, and William was dressed in a royal blue suit.
 

kate middleton welcomes guests to kensington palace 


































5 Photos »



Today, the Duchess of Cambridge will be making a visit to the Northside Center for Child Development in Harlem, where she and NY First Lady Chirlane McCray “will take part in gift-wrapping with volunteers and meet students undertaking a craft-making exercise”. Meanwhile, Prince William will be meeting with President Obama in Washington D.C, in his first visit to the nation’s capital.
Tonight, the Duke of Cambridge will attend a Conservation Reception at British Consul General’s Residence, accompanied by Secretary Clinton and Chelsea Clinton.
Later this evening, the couple will rejoin to attend the Brooklyn Nets basketball game, which America’s royalty Jay-Z and Beyoncé are reportedly also attending! Get those tix, New Yorkers… The couple are attending in support of “the on-going collaboration between the Royal Foundation, United for Wildlife and the NBA”; but who doesn’t love a celeb-filled basketball game?
 

prince george and kate watch harry and william play polo








































27 Photos »



Tuesday’s agenda includes a visit to the National September 11th Memorial Museum, a reception at NeueHouse, a visit of NY from the Empire State Building observation deck with Mayor Bill de Blasio, and a dinner reception at the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
So, if you do choose to take off work and follow Kate and William around the city in the hopes of catching a glimpse, please extend the royal couple a warm welcome from all of us too! Or, you can keep updated with live updates of their every move here.
Check out the gallery above for Kate and William’s arrival to New York!


 
/n