Another Arrest For Jenelle Evans? Cops Called To Mom's Home Over Custody War/n
Another fight, another arrest?
Jenelle Evans called the cops during a blowout fight with her mother, and RadarOnline.com has the exclusive juicy details about the showdown.
The Teen Mom 2 star made a frantic call to the police over Mother’s Day weekend, complaining to law enforcement that her mother was holding son Jace hostage at her North Carolina home.
PHOTOS: It’s Over! Jenelle Evans Breaks Up With Fiancé Nathan Griffith — For Good!
“We received a call that there was concern about the welfare of the children in the home.,” Boiling Springs Lake Chief Brad Shirley confirmed to Radar. He added that it was “an estranged time for visitation with Jenelle’s son” that caused the stir.
“For whatever reason the grandmother did not want to honor that visitation schedule,” Shirley said.
READ THE SHOCKING COURT DOCUMENTS!
“I did not want to let Jace see her ,” Barbara told Radar. “Jace did not want to go with her. I told Jace and another grandchild to just hide in the house. She came over and banged on my garage and windows for a full hour. She was going ballistic. I thought ‘Jesus Christ, she’s going to break my windows.'” Adding, “The kids were hiding in the bedroom petrified.”
PHOTOS: Jenelle Evans’ Ex Nathan Griffith Begs To See Son Kaiser For Christmas
According to Barbara, it was at that point Jenelle called the cops and told them, “My mother has a mental illness.”
When police arrived, Barbara claims the police ordered the reality star: “Get off your mother’s property or you will be arrested!”
Barbara refused to tell Radar why Jace didn’t want to see his mother.
PHOTOS: Jenelle Evans’ Son Inspected By CPS Officials During Her Caribbean Trip
Shirley told Radar, “We made contact with Grandma immediately and determined this was a civil matter and that the concerns needed to be taken to the judge. This was nothing law enforcement needs to get involved with, it was a custody dispute.”
Shirley addressed Barbara’s claims that officers told Jenelle to leave the property.
“As the property owner, she [Barbara] has a right to dictate who can be on that property. Both parties were given advice and were told what could happen if the situation escalated. This could be considered trespassing and it doesn’t matter what the relationship is. If you don’t have the rights to a residence, you could be trespassing.”
PHOTOS: Jenelle Evans Back In Court As MTV Cameras Capture All The Drama
Shirley provided the shocking police report to Radar, where it explains the officers arrived at the home around 8:30 p.m. and were “not out there very long. Long enough to talk with everyone involved and understand that it was a discussion of custody agreement.”
Shirley claims Jenelle “honored the request” to leave the property and “no arrests were made.”
As Radar previously reported, Jenelle lost her custody battle against her mother on May 24, 2017, but was given more visitation with Jace and spent the entire Memorial Day weekend with him.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n