Mischa Barton’s Sex Tape Was Made by an Ex-Boyfriend in 2016/n





                    Mischa Barton Thanks Fans for 'All the Love' After Being Drugged with GHB
                







Mischa Barton is breaking her social media silence following a scary brush with a date rape drug.

 MORE >>










                    Mischa Barton Threatened Suicide During GHB-Induced Meltdown
                







Listen to the alarming 911 call from neighbors. 

 MORE >>





Mischa Barton believes the explicit video of her currently being shopped around to porn companies was made by an ex-boyfriend without her consent.

Reading a statement at a press conference Wednesday (March 15, 2017) with her lawyer, Lisa Bloom, the O.C. alum said her “worst fear was realized” when she learned that one of her former partners had secretly filmed her “intimate and private moments” using hidden cameras.
“And then I learned something even worse: that someone is trying to sell these videos and make them public,” she told reporters. “I cam forward not only to fight this for myself, but for all the women out there. I want to protect them from the pain and humiliation that i had to go through. No woman should go through this.”
She added, “It is a hard thing to do, but I’m glad that I’m finally standing up for myself.”


mischa barton poses for photographer tyler shields




























4 Photos »


As previously reported, a sex tape featuring Barton was being offered up for sale to various adult websites. In a statement released by Barton’s lawyer on Tuesday (March 14, 2017), the explicit material was deemed as “revenge pornography ” and Bloom threatened to take legal action on those who wished to distribute it.
When asked about the identity of the individual who allegedly captured the NSFW images without Barton’s permission, Bloom confirmed that it was “a man she had been seeing” but refused to say if he was a celebrity. She also revealed that the graphic video was shot in 2016.
“Because Miss Barton has dated him, we contended that she was protected under California’s laws against domestic violence which prohibit all forms of abuse by a former intimate partner,” said Bloom, explaining Barton was granted a restraining order against the person she believes is responsible for the illegally obtained material. “In short, we consider this to be a form of domestic abuse. The court agreed and gave us everything that we asked for, including the order to stay away from Miss Barton and to not contact her.”
She added, “Most importantly, the court ordered that this individual and his agents ‘may not sell, distribute, give away or show any naked pictures of videos of any type of Mischa Barton.”
Reports of Barton’s sex tape surfaced just less than two months after the 31-year-old was voluntarily hospitalized for unknowingly consuming GHB, a substance commonly known as the “date rape drug.” According to Barton, someone allegedly slipped it into her drink during her birthday celebration, resulting in her acting erratically in her home the day after the party.


Mischa Barton through the years








































20 Photos »


/n