5 Things We Learned About Vanessa Hudgens From Her New Website Astral & Opal/n
Vanessa Hudgens may officially be transitioning from occasional actress to your new favorite boho blogger. Today, the High School Musical star launched her very own lifestyle blog Astral & Opal, so we can now all have access to Hudgens’ insider info on the best music festivals at which to rock your flower crown this winter, as well as what cute crystals will decorate your home and center your chi in equal measures.


Christopher Polk/Getty


From the look of things, the team at Gwyneth Paltrow’s Goop might have some stiff competition if they want to be the first to break the latest on all things new-agey. If you can imagine one of Vanessa’s Coachella outfits synthesized into words and blog posts, Astral & Opal is exactly what you would get. The site is a mix of holistic healing articles on how to practice mindfulness and make DIY all-natural face masks, combined with shoppable pieces (like Janis Joplin-inspired dressing guides) and quizzes to help you uncover your spiritual powers according to birth sign.
Related Video: Vanessa Hudgens Kicks off People’s World’s Most Beautiful

In her Letter From the Editor, Hudgens writes, “I love surfing the web but nothing ever stuck with me. So, I thought it was time to create the site I needed in my life. As for me, I believe that life is as you make it. I want to feel good, look good and live a colorful life full of adventure. You are in the drivers seat, on an open road and only get one lifetime to make it count. We gotta live it to the fullest!” Self-help poster clichés aside, the actress’s site gives an intriguing insight into her personal interests. Here’s five unexpected things we learned from Vanessa Hudgens after reading Astral & Opal.
RELATED PHOTOS: Vanessa Hudgens Has Her PhD in Hand Cast Accessorizing
1. Astral & Opal Aren’t Just Two Random Words That Sound Good Together
She’s actually really into stars and healing stones. Like, possibly exclusively into stars and healing stones.
2. Juice Cleanses Are Out, Soul Cleanses Are In
Because you haven’t really lived until people are constantly complimenting your squeaky clean aura.
3. Her Superpowers Are Elimination and Life
It’s as confusing, contradictory, and related to fecal matter as it sounds.
4. She Might Be A Witch
But seriously. On her “What Is Your True Moon Sign?” quiz she got Age of Aquarius. We don’t know whether to be impressed, afraid, or make her our new guru.
5. She’s More of a Curator Than a Writer, As It Were
Turns out launching a blog is a major time commitment, so major there’s simply no time to actually write any of your own content. Luckily, Vanessa’s blog is run by FanBread, a site which offers up free “engaging and relevant blogs, listicles, galleries, quizzes and memes from our content marketplace,” so that she can pick and choose the stories that are most in-line with her brand.
What do you think of Vanessa Hudgens’s new website? Will you be reading it? What topics do you hope she’ll blog about?
–Emily Kirkpatrick
/n