Your Weekend 6 Picks: Katy Perry Apologizes to Taylor Swift, Ranks Ex-Boyfriends/n





                    Katy Perry Says She'll Make Music with Taylor Swift If She Apologizes
                







Is it too late now to say sorry?

 MORE >>










                    Katy Perry Blasts Taylor Swift About Feud
                







"She started it, and it's time for her to finish it."

 MORE >>





Katy Perry would very much like to be excluded from the narrative with Taylor Swift.

While speaking with with Arianna Huffington this weekend, the “Swish Swish” singer apologized to her longtime nemesis in hope of ending their ongoing feud.
“I am ready to let it go,” the 32-year-old said The Thrive Global Podcast. “I forgive her and I’m sorry for anything I ever did, and I hope the same from her. I think it’s actually like, I think it’s time. There are bigger fish to fry, and there are real problems in the world. You know what I’m saying?”
“I love her, and I want the best for her,” she continued. “And I think she’s a fantastic songwriter, and I think that if we, both her and I, can be representatives of strong women that come together despite their differences, I think the whole world is going to go like, ‘Yeah, well we can do this.’ I don’t know. Maybe I don’t agree with everything she does and she doesn’t agree with everything I do, but I just really, truly want to come together in a place of love and forgiveness and understanding and compassion.”
Katy added that “there’s a lot of other things out there in the world that people need to be focused on.”
The apology came hot on the heels of suspicion that Taylor isn’t ready to end their feud just yet. Recently, the “Bad Blood” singer released her entire discography on streaming services like Spotify and Tidal the same day as Katy’s album release, prompting fans to suspect the move as a shady way to undermine Witness’ debut.
So far, Taylor has yet to publicly address her infamous spat with Katy.

Read more about this story and catch up on other celebrity news headlines from the weekend, including:

Katy Perry Ranks Her Ex-Boyfriends’ Sexual Performance
Production of Bachelor in Paradise Halted After Alleged Sexual Assault
Khloé Kardashian’s Boyfriend Tristan Thompson Wants “Five or Six” Kids
Nick Gordon Arrested for Allegedly Beating New Girlfriend
Adam West Dead at 88



top Celebrity News Stories—June 12, 2017








































6 Photos »


/n