Webster: 'Memba Him?!/nEmmanuel Lewis is best known for playing the lovable Webster Long in the 1980's television show  "Webster. " Guess what he looks like now!     Drew Barrymore Steps Out With New Guy  So long, Justin Long -- Drew Barrymore's got herself some new arm candy!The 36-year-old actress was spotted out yesterday with new man, 33-year-old writer and art consultant Will Kopelman -- the son of former head of Chanel USA Arie Kopelman.The duo looked cozy as they left lunch at Joan's on Third in L.A. -- and are reportedly  "a very new relationship and they’re taking things slowly, " according to JustJared.Check out the gallery above for shots of Drew & Will -- plus check out who else she's dated over the years!    Lena Horne's Estate -- Up for Auction After the passing of jazz great Lena Horne in May of 2010 -- Doyle Auction House in New York City auctioned off a collection of Horne's property from her home on Manhattan's Upper East Side.Jewelry, furniture, and fine art are just a small sample of the collection that hit the auction block --  so check out the gallery to get the in depth look at the incredible items Lena Horne had collected through the years.    Alyssa Milano Flaunts Baby Bump on Red Carpet Alyssa Milano just announced she's having a baby -- and wasted no time showing off her growing baby bump!The former  "Charmed " star, 38, announced she and her husband, 32-year-old Hollywood talent agent David Bugliari, are expecting their first child on Tuesday -- and last night, Alyssa hit the red carpet for the premiere of  "Hall Pass " to flaunt her belly.Milano's reportedly due in the fall.    The UNREAL Housewife of Miami -- One Hot MUTHA!  "The Real Housewives of Miami " has a breakout star, but it's not one of the official housewives -- it's one of their beautiful mothers! "RHOM " star Marysol Patton's (left) gorgeous 76-year-old mother Elsa Patton (right) has stolen the show with her exotic beauty and sexy accent.The Patton chicas are so intoxicating that they were both busted for DUIs in 2010.     MJ Music Video Chicks -- Pretty Young Things!  Even from the grave, Michael Jackson can still pull a crowd of hot chicks -- like the ones who squeezed into some very short skirts for an MJ music video shoot in Hollywood this week. TMZ obtained some photos from the set of the  "Hollywood Tonight " video shot inside Colony nightclub.As we previously reported, the ladies joined up with a bunch of other dancers to perform a routine on Hollywood Blvd. a few nights ago ... if you haven't checked it out by now, click here.     Celeb Hair -- A Cut Above the Rest Lookin' good doesn't always come easy -- check out which follicly friendly stars put in the groundwork by spending hours at the salon ...      Celebrity Scramble!   Try and guess whose super smooth face was given a silly celebrity scramblin'!    Cee Lo Grabs TMZ Camera -- Shoots Brad Pitt  So there we were, talking to Cee Lo Green at LAX ... when all of the sudden, Brad Pitt walks in.  So what happens next?? Cee Lo grabbed our camera and went to work ...     What's the Big Frigin' Difference?!  Bust out your spy shades and take a close look at these tricky pics -- can you spot the differences?**HINT -- There are THREE differences in the above photograph!**/n