Miley's Pa Smears Annie L. as Pap/nThe Cyrus family continues to throw Annie Leibovitz under the bus for the snaps she took of Miley for Vanity Fair.Billy Ray told Ryan Seacrest on his KIIS-FM show that he considers Leibovitz – perhaps the world's most famed portraitist – to be just another paparazzo.  "I was catching these crawdads and all the sudden this paprazzi lady jumps out ... and starts snapping away, " he told Ryan. It was Annie.Family Cyrus has been in full backtrack since a semi-topless shot appeared back in May.   Usher -– I Retired, Not Fired, My Mama Usher just wants to set the record straight about his mom, the woman everyone says he canned in favor of his new wife Tameka Foster. "My mother and I decided to change her situation, together, " he tells July's Vibe.  "I decided to not fire, not get rid of but ... to retire her to be a full-time grandmother. " Ush got slammed last year when he replaced mom Jonetta with Tameka as his manager.   Carrie Underwood Releases Lots of Gas So it's just a lil' redneck, but Carrie Underwood says that she's just not hot because, well, she burps. A lot. "I don't consider myself sexy ... I'm socially awkward, " she tells Cosmo.  "I usually wear sweats everywhere I go. Oh, and I burp a lot. " Paging Dept. of T.M.I.! Of course, this gassy predilection might've been what attracted the opposite ends of the macho spectrum -– Tony Romo and Chace Crawford.   Party Favors: Shaq's Going to Save Your House ... Scarlett's Still Obama's Real Girl ... Heath Helps Aussie Actors Shaquille O'Neal wants to do some serious development in Orlando, helping people who are facing foreclosure to avoid getting tossed out of their homes, reports the Orlando Sentinel. He actually wants to buy mortgages. ... Scarlett Johansson is still relentlessly emailing Barack Obama and hosting fundraisers, says Politico, despite the fact that he has the Dem nom all sewn up. As long as she doesn't sing. ... An Aussie film group – Australians in Film – have set up a major scholarship for aspiring actors and filmmakers in the name of the late lamented Heath Ledger./n