Gretchen Carlson Was NOT The Only Woman Allegedly Sexually Harassed By Fox News CEO Roger Ailes — Plus Network Announces Investigation!/n

As you may know, Gretchen Carlson, the former host of Fox News' The Real Story with Gretchen Carlson, filed a sexual harassment lawsuit against the network's chairman and CEO Roger Ailes.
Well unfortunately, it sounds like Gretchen may not be the only victim as a few other women have come forward since the news broke of Carlson's lawsuit — and their stories are DISGUSTING!
Video: Man Arrested For Allegedly Trying To Kidnap A Four-Year-Old Girl!
Apparently, the former newswoman's courage to stand up to her former employer has given other women strength as one female Fox News contributor, who asked to remain anonymous said that Ailes "asked me to turn around so he can see my ass." Classy.
But that's not all as ANOTHER woman who was a Fox News employee said that the CEO told her she could only wear dresses on air. SRSLY?! Oh, and if that's not bad enough, the same woman also dished on Roger's hiring process saying: 
"He always brags to people about how he doesn't do polling or testing when he chooses his on-air talent. He told me that if he was thinking of hiring a woman, he'd ask himself if he would fuck her, and if he would, then he'd hire her to be on-camera. He then said if it was a man he'd think about whether he could sit down for a baseball game with him and not get annoyed of him. If he could, then he'd hire him."
BLEH!
What's incredible though is that the Huffington Post reports that since the lawsuit was announced, Carlson's attorney, Nancy Erika Smith, has been contacted by "at least 10" other women who want to talk about the businessman's alleged behavior.
Related: Former K-9 Cop Linked To Deaths Of THREE Police Dogs!
Of course, the 76-year-old had to issue a statement trying to discredit Gretchen saying:
"Gretchen Carlson's allegations are false. This is a retaliatory suit for the network's decision not to renew her contract, which was due to the fact that her disappointingly low ratings were dragging down the afternoon lineup. When Fox News did not commence any negotiations to renew her contract, Ms. Carlson became aware that her career with the network was likely over and conveniently began to pursue a lawsuit. Ironically, Fox News provided her with more on-air opportunities over her 11-year tenure than any other employer in the industry, for which she thanked me in her recent book. This defamatory lawsuit is not only offensive, it is wholly without merit and will be defended vigorously."
The good news is that Fox News' parent company, 21st Century Fox already announced that it's looking into the allegations against the CEO, as well as former Fox & Friends co-host Steve Doocy as he also allegedly sexually harassed Carlson. 21st Century Fox released a statement saying:
"The company has seen the allegations against Mr. Ailes and Mr. Doocy. We take these matters seriously. While we have full confidence in Mr. Ailes and Mr. Doocy, who have served the company brilliantly for over two decades, we have commenced an internal review of the matter."
Now Mr. Ailes IS the CEO, so we'll see how deep of an investigation this really is, but we're at least glad to see the right steps are being made. Here's hoping some truth will be revealed after a VERY thorough investigation!
What do you think of the sexual harassment claims?!
[Image via Fox News.]
/n