voice has a "shy, innocent quality" which we all love, and he's totally right about that. Team Cee Lo Jamar Rogers put his own original spin on Harold Melvin's "If You Don't Know Me By Now," really—maybe fo.../n
Can you believe it's almost time to crown The Voice for season two already?The remaining two members from each team gave it their all tonight during the semifinals, in hopes that their performances will earn enough of America's votes and a high score from their coach, because both components will determine who competes in the finals and who goes home.We won't know any of that until tomorrow night, so for now, let's see how everyone did.

Team AdamTony Lucca gave an energetic performance of "How Do You Like Me Now" by The Heavy, which was "badass" according to Blake Shelton. Fellow former Mousketeer Christina Aguilera mentioned that if this show doesn't work out for Lucca, he and Levine can start a Britney Spears cover band together, and CeeLo Green shared that he became a fan tonight.Katrina Parker sang "Killing Me Softly With his Song," working off the Fugees rendition of the Roberta Flack hit; Shelton commented on her tone and seasoned sound. Meanwhile, Xtina offered immense praise for Parker and added that she wished she was Katrina's coach for this song, making it clear that she'd prefer to see Katrina move on from Team Adam.Team BlakeAn emotional Erin Willett gave a soulful rendition of Usher's "Without You." Afterward, she couldn't help but let the tears flow, thinking of her deceased father who continuously supported her appearance on the show. Shelton told her that he wished he had a tenth of the talent she had, but even more, wished he had her strength.Jermaine Paul reminded us that there's still a very strong powerhouse singer in the competition. Belting Journey's "Open Arms," J.P. gained the praise from all four coaches, and an extra reaffirmation from Adam, who said, "I'd like to congratulate you because you are no longer a background singer, my friend."

Team ChristinaChris Mann went back to his roots for the semifinals, giving an operatic performance of "Ave Maria." Cee Lo thought it was a "stellar" performance, while Levine found it classic, simple and beautiful. Coach Xtina said she felt the heavens open up.A guitar-strumming Lindsey Pavao did what she does best—offer a unique show. Tonight it was a creative take to Bon Iver's "Skinny Love." Blake mentioned that it was a "refreshing" performance and Cee Lo pointed out that her voice has a "shy, innocent quality" which we all love, and he's totally right about that.Team Cee LoJamar Rogers put his own original spin on Harold Melvin's "If You Don't Know Me By Now," really—maybe for the first time this season—showing off his range by hitting (and holding) the high notes, and then finishing it up by dropping to the low notes. Levine stated he is "purely a fan of what you do," and Blake appreciated the laid-back performance.What can we say about Juliet Simms' performance? She provided another powerful, gritty, rock rendition, this time of James Brown's "It's a Man's Man's Man's World," that got the energy up in the crowd and a standing ovation from her coach. "You murdered it," Cee Lo said.
/n