WATCH: Kim Kardashian Criticizes Caitlyn Jenner’s Memoir, Says Paris Robbery Was ‘Meant to Happen’ to Her/n





                    People Are Not Happy About Kim Kardashian's Virgin Mary Kimoji Prayer Candle
                







Not quite, Kim.

 MORE >>





Priorities fell into perspective for Kim Kardashian after she was robbed at gunpoint.

Kardashian joins Ellen DeGeneres on Thursday’s episode of The Ellen DeGeneres Show to open up about the terrifying experience that she endured last year during Paris Fashion Week.
“I know this sounds crazy, but I know that was meant to happen to me,” Kardashian says. “I don’t want to start crying, but I feel like that was so meant to happen to me.”
The reality star says that she is “such a different person” after the incident, which taught her to push aside her material values and focus on things that are truly important, like her children, North and Saint.
“I’m so happy that my kids get this me and that this is who I’m raising my kids [as],” she says. “I just don’t care about that [material] stuff anymore. I really don’t.”
Kardashian argues that things like engagement rings and new cars are okay to be celebrated on social media if they mark a milestone or if they’re something you worked to earn. “It’s OK if you’re proud of that and you work so hard and you get something. It’s just not who I am anymore,” she adds.
“It’s not to say that I’ll never wear jewelry again or anything like that, [but] I truly don’t know if I’d ever feel comfortable. I don’t know if I’d ever wear real jewelry again. Just, my whole life as changed as far as how I travel and security … Now, I have several [bodyguards], just for me to be able to sleep at night.”


Kim Kardashian Wears a Sheer Dress in Los Angeles








































11 Photos »


Kardashian also offers her opinion on Caitlyn Jenner’s new memoir, claiming that Caitlyn is not being truthful about “certain things” when it comes to her marriage with Kris Jenner.
“I mean, I feel like it’s taken her a really long time to be honest with herself. I don’t expect her to be honest about my mom now, but it’s just so hurtful. Like, I just wish her all the success in the world, but not at our expense,” Kardashian explains.
Watch Kardashian discuss her robbery in the video at the top of the page and listen to what she has to say about Caitlyn’s book in the video below.





 
/n