Bobbi Kristina Brown's Aunt Claims Someone 'Intended' for Her to Drown/n
One week after publicly claiming that Nick Gordon is under investigation for “attempted murder” in connection with the near-drowning of Whitney Houston’s daughter, Bobbi Kristina Brown, Bobbi Kristina’s aunt, Leolah Brown, told TMZ that Whitney’s sister-in-law, Pat Houston, also “has a lot to do” with Kristina’s condition.  
“I believe that she has a lot to do with it. Whether it be her actual hand, I can’t say that right now,” Brown said in a video published Sunday. “But I hold her accountable for what happened to my niece, Bobbi Kristina, because of what knowledge I have of her.”  
She added, “It was someone’s intention to put [Bobbi Kristina] where she is right now. That I do believe.”  
Brown had harsh words for both Pat and Gordon, Kristina’s 25-year-old boyfriend, who has been publicly feuding with Kristina’s family since she was found unconscious in the couple’s home on Jan. 31.  
Police have previously confirmed to PEOPLE that they have launched an investigation into 22-year-old’s near-drowning, but did not confirm if they’re investigating Gordon specifically.  
“I believe Nick is manipulating Dr. Phil just like he manipulated my niece Bobbi Kristina, that is what he’s doing,” she continued. “His habits and his actions are not conducive nor are they consistent with anyone that is concerned for somebody.”  
Gordon appeared on The Dr. Phil Show on March 11, in an interview-turned-intervention. Sources told PEOPLE that Gordon was “distraught” following Kristina’s hospitalization and entered rehab following the taping.  
Brown also told TMZ she blames Pat for not allowing Kristina time to heal following her mother’s 2012 death – instead convincing her to appear on a reality series.  
“You’re a money-hungry beast, Pat, yes you are,” Brown said. “And the world knows who you are.”  
RELATED VIDEO: Bobbi Kristina Brown Suffers ‘Horrible Setback’

More on Bobbi Kristina Brown:
• Bobbi Kristina Brown Hospitalized After Being Found Unresponsive in Tub• Bobbi Kristina Brown Used Heroin, Other Drugs Before Being Found in Bathtub, Source Says• Bobbi Kristina Brown’s ‘Distraught’ Boyfriend Nick Gordon Checks into Rehab• ‘Strong Evidence of Foul Play’ in Bobbi Kristina Brown’s Near Drowning, Claims Aunt• Bobbi Kristina Brown’s Boyfriend Nick Gordon Will Open Up About His ‘Mental Anguish’ on The Dr. Phil Show• On Bobbi Kristina Brown’s 22nd Birthday, Her Family Waits for News of Her Condition• Bobby Brown ‘Not Happy’ About His Family’s Reality Show
/n