Kathryn Dennis Admits Sobriety Relapse!/n
Kathryn Dennis hasn’t remained sober since returning from rehab last summer, RadarOnline.com has learned.
The Southern Charm star revealed on the reunion show that she checked herself into a California-based rehab facility after the season three reunion for her marijuana use, but continued to drink after she returned to Charleston!
“Why did you order a margarita while you were all in Key West?” Andy Cohen asked the redhead.
PHOTOS: ‘Southern Charm’ Shocker! Danni Rushed To Hospital During Filming
“I ordered one because I was at the time drinking,” she confessed. “But, I’m happy to say I didn’t drink a sip!”
Her costars had puzzled looks on their faces as Cohen asked her if that was the right choice “if [she’s] trying to prove [her] sobriety to this group.”
Landon Clements and Shep Rose then questioned if she was being honest about her sobriety.
PHOTOS: Is She OK? Rehab Alum Selena Gomez Caught Drinking Amid Weeknd Romance
“My sobriety is for marijuana!” Dennis hurled at Clements, explaining that is what she checked into rehab for.
“That was my problem,” she told Cohen. “That was my drug of choice or whatever you want to call it.”
Watch The Video On RadarOnline

“It was more or less something I used to detach from having to be in touch with my actual reality,” she said. “I don’t know. It’s hard to talk about this stuff.”
“It’s something I chose to do — stop drinking,” she added. “I take a breathalyzer in the morning and at night to prove it with evidence. And I chose it just to show people that I’m really committed.”
Radar previously reported that Dennis, 24, claimed she checked into rehab for her marijuana use shortly after she reached a custody settlement with Thomas Ravenel, 54, over their kids Kensie, 3, and St. Julien, 1.
Part of the settlement states that if Dennis cannot remain sober, she will lose visitation rights to her tots. She is also subjected to random drug testing at Ravenel’s request.
The mom-of-two recently spent time with her kids, but it is unknown when her last drug test was.
Do you think Dennis’ visitation is in jeopardy? Sound off in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n