Inside Busy Philipps’ 4th Of July Parenting Scare/n
Busy Philipps had a shocking family scare this weekend during her 4th of July celebrations. RadarOnline.com can reveal the New Girl star had to jump in the pool, fully-dressed, to save her 4-year-old baby Cricket from drowning.
Philipps, 38, shared an Instagram of herself inside a pool with her dress on. She wrote: “Just had to jump into my friends pool with my clothes on cause Cricket was on a pool float that was about to go over the edge of the infinity pool and there was no one to help her in the pool and that’s just what you do, I guess.”





 Just had to jump into my friends pool with my clothes on cause Cricket was on a pool float that was about to go over the edge of the infinity pool and there was no one to help her in the pool and that's just what you do, I guess. She's fine. So am I. But I'm pretty soaking wet. So there's that. HAPPY 4TH.
A post shared by Busy Philipps (@busyphilipps) on Jul 4, 2017 at 6:55pm PDT



“She’s fine. So am I. But I’m pretty soaking wet,” the star continued. “So there’s that. HAPPY 4TH.”
This Sunday, just two days before the shocking incident, Cricket celebrated her 4th birthday.
Doting mom Philipps shared a sweet photo of her baby girl at the beach.
The actress shares daughters Cricket and Birdie, 8, with her husband of 10 years, Marc Silverstein, 46.
Thankful for their second child, Philipps wrote on her Instagram: “I was one of those people who told others with confidence we were ‘one and done.”





 I was one of those people who told others with confidence we were "one and done". It was so hard for me to imagine having another kid for so many reasons, I thought for sure we wouldn't. But then when Birdie turned 4, everything changed for me. And then she started asking when her brother or sister was coming. So we decided to have another kid. I totally planned it around my Cougartown shooting schedule so that I wouldn't miss work and I even had a date where if I wasn't pregnant by that date, we wouldn't do it. But lo and behold, I got pregnant with this little person. And from the moment she was born, 4 years ago this morning, she has brought nothing but joy and light into our lives. And I'm so glad she proved me a liar with my one and done nonsense. Happy birthday to my little Cricket, our Don Crickles, my sweet sweet baby girl.
A post shared by Busy Philipps (@busyphilipps) on Jul 2, 2017 at 8:56am PDT



She then sweetly added: “But lo and behold, I got pregnant with this little person. And from the moment she was born, 4 years ago this morning, she has brought nothing but joy and light into our lives. And I’m so glad she proved me a liar with my one and done nonsense. Happy birthday to my little Cricket, our Don Crickles, my sweet sweet baby girl.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n