Striking Back: Blac Chyna Poses With Man On Bed, Flaunts Jewels In Revenge Photos/n
AfterRob Kardashian’s explosive Blac Chyna Instagram charade yesterday, the reality star’s account has been closed indefinitely, and his baby mama has fired back with posts of her own.
As RadarOnline.com has learned, Chyna went on to teaseher ex by flashing the expensive diamond jewels he claims he bought her, while posing in bed with another man. The post came just hours after Kardashian said she had cheated on him and disrespected their daughter after he had reportedly spent “250K of jewelry” on her just the day before.
The 29-year-old mom of two took to Instagram and Snapchat, to get revenge on Kardashian, 28, for posting uncensored photos of her breasts and crotch.
PHOTOS: Spotted: Rob Kardashian Seen For The First Time In Months, Shows Drastic Weight Gain On Burger Run
In the picture, Chyna wore a black robe and sported a light blue bob. The man was shirtless and wearing nothing but a black and gold robe and golden chain. He was seen wrapping his arm around her while she smiled, unapologetically.
On another post Chyna was pictured jumping on a bed draped with Versace bed sheets with the man she allegedly cheated on Kardashian with. She seemed carefree as she embraced the mystery man. Later on Snapchat she flaunted the lavish jewels her on-again off-again boyfriend gifted her. The jewels were even exposed in the reality star’s Facebook live post where people were seen commenting on the price of the ritzy diamonds.
In one snap Chyna showed off four diamond-encrusted rings and a diamond watch, while in another she showed a close-up of the diamonds and captioned it “Lol” – a low blow for Kardashian.
In a Snapchat video, Drake’s song Camera could be heard playing in the background. Some of its lyrics included: “Don’t listen to the lies, I swear they all lies / You know I could be your knight in shining armour all tires.”
As Radar previously reported, Kardashian and Chyna share custody of 7-month-old baby girl Dream. She also shares a son, King Cairo, 4, with Kylie Jenner’s ex, Tyga.
PHOTOS: Kim’s Hellhole EXPOSED! Inside The Paris Apartment Where Kardashian Was Attacked
As of now, Chyna has deleted her shocking Instagram posts, and Kardashian could be facing jail time for his “revenge porn” photos.
“Rob can face criminal charges and can go to jail. This would be a misdemeanor case of up to a year, since the photos were really egregious,” said Beverly Hills lawyer Adam Michael Sacks.
How do you think this madness will end? Let us know in the comments below.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n