’60 Minutes’ News Correspondant Bob Simon Dies in NYC Car Crash/n





                    Confession
                







Anderson Cooper officially comes out of the closet

 MORE >>





 Legendary CBS news correspondent and foreign news reporter Bob Simon died from injuries sustained in a car crash yesterday (Feb. 11, 2015).
Simon, 73, was riding in a Lincoln town car when it collided with a Mercedes Benz stopped at a traffic light around 7 p.m. The driver of the livery cab he was passenger in then lost control of the car, crashing into a traffic rail on the West Side Highway near West 30th street.

 

celebrity deaths in 2014








































26 Photos »



He was taken to Mount Sinai Roosevelt Hospital, where he was pronounced dead. The 44-year-old driver of the car was also taken to the hospital, with non-life threatening injuries. Both had to be cut out of the car because the car was so badly mangled.
CBS News President David Rhodes said in a statement, “Bob Simon was a giant of broadcast journalism, and a dear friend to everyone in the CBS News family. We are all shocked by this tragic, sudden loss. Our thoughts and prayers are with Bob‘s extended family and especially with our colleague Tanya Simon.”
60 Minutes executive producer Jeff Fager added, “It’s a terrible loss for all of us at CBS News. It is such a tragedy made worse because we lost him in a car accident, a man who has escaped more difficult situations than almost any journalist in modern times.
“Bob was a reporter’s reporter. He was driven by a natural curiosity that took him all over the world covering every kind of story imaginable.“There is no one else like Bob Simon. All of us at CBS News and particularly at 60 Minutes will miss him very much.”
Simon’s prolific career spanned over 50 years and he was in his 19th season at 60 Minutes. He’s won 27 Emmy’s, 4 Peabody’s and many other accolades from reporting on a range of historic events like Vietnam, the 1973 Yom Kippur War, China’s Tiananmen Square in 1989 and the Gulf War.
As a field journalist reporting for CBS in 1991, he was even captured by Iraqi forces and tortured for 40 days in one of Saddam Hussein’s infamous prisons. He wrote about the experience in his memoir in 1992, called 40 Days. 
CBS News notes that Simon was preparing for his Sunday report (on the Ebola Virus and discovering a cure) with his daughter, Tanya, a 60 Minutes producer at CBS with whom he often collaborated.
According to the New York Times, on Wednesday night the police said the accident was under investigation. Simon is survived by his wife, Françoise, and their daughter, Tanya.
Anderson Cooper held back tears as he spoke on Simon’s death, saying that when Simon presented a story, “you knew it was going to be something special.”

See more celebrity reactions below:
Stunned. We spent time together on my 60 Minutes piece just a few weeks ago. My goodness. May God rest his soul. http://t.co/6B68ZMMBOm
— Ava DuVernay (@AVAETC) February 12, 2015
CBS News journalist Bob Simon was a legend in his field. How tragic. RIP
— Andy Cohen (@Andy) February 12, 2015
Stunned to report the death of legendary CBSNews correspondent #BobSimon
— Anderson Cooper (@andersoncooper) February 12, 2015
#BobSimon was the best writer, in my opinion, working in broadcast news. I have admired him from the time I was a kid watching #CBSNews
— Anderson Cooper (@andersoncooper) February 12, 2015
On no! Longtime ’60 Minutes’ correspondent Bob Simon killed in a car accident in New York, http://t.co/BHFVcxyIIx /via @BreakingNews
— Alyssa Milano (@Alyssa_Milano) February 12, 2015
My heart goes out to Bob’s family. I worked with him. True journalist. http://t.co/lDqJCkENsP
— Maria Shriver (@mariashriver) February 12, 2015
CBS News correspondent, Bob Simon, 73, killed in a car accident in New York City on the West Side Hiway. What a loss pic.twitter.com/wNFfU2ODo3
— Al Roker (@alroker) February 12, 2015
Heartbreaking news about Bob Simon of @60Minutes, a brilliant writer and reporter and someone I admired deeply.
— Katie Couric (@katiecouric) February 12, 2015
Gutted to hear the news about Bob Simon. An absolute master of his craft.
— Seth Meyers (@sethmeyers) February 12, 2015
Condolences to the family of my friend and long-time colleague, CBS News Correspondent Bob Simon.
— Dan Rather (@TheDanRather) February 12, 2015
RIP.
/n