Jordin Sparks, Clive Davis and Estelle Send Love and Prayers to Bobbi Kristina Brown: Watch The music scion's godfather, Clive Davis, also spoke to E! News at his pre-Grammy gala in Beverly Hills, where he expressed his sorrow over the .../n
As Bobbi Kristina Brown continues "fighting for her life," a number of celebs have sent their love and prayers to the late Whitney Houston's only daughter. Clive Davis, Jordin Sparks and Estelle are among the latest to speak out on the tragedy as the 21-year-old remains hospitalized and on life support six days after she was found unconscious in her bathtub. "Just let them know that we are praying for them and wishing them nothing but the best and sending all of our good energy towards them," Jordin Sparks, who co-starred with Houston in the film Sparkle, told E! News at the Delta pre-Grammy party, held at Soho House in West Hollywood, Calif. last night. "She's always probably been hurting since she lost her mom, so we never know what anybody goes through—I can't even imagine losing my mom. But I just hope that they're OK and I've just been praying for the family." 

WATCH: Bobbi Kristina Brown is not brain dead

Likewise, singer Estelle echoed Sparks' warmhearted sentiments at the same event."I really pray for their family—just love and comfort and patience—just give them their space. Let them be in their moment and just give her the kind of love she needs," she said before turning towards the camera and adding with a nod, "So, prayers to Bobbi Kristina." On Thursday, a source close to the family told E! News that, contrary to reports, Bobbi Kristina "is not brain dead, and the Houstons and the Browns are not fighting." Earlier this week, the Houstons also issued a statement saying, "Bobbi Kristina is fighting for her life and is surrounded by immediate family. As her father already stated, we are asking you to honor our request for privacy during this difficult time. Thank you for your prayers, well wishes, and we greatly appreciate your continued support." 

NEWS: Why Bobbi Kristina Brown felt "isolated" after Whitney Houston's death

A friend of Bobbi Kristina's partner Nick Gordon found her face down in a filled tub in her Georgia home on Saturday, Jan. 31, almost three years after Houston was found in a similar manner in a Beverly Hills hotel room. The iconic pop star and The Bodyguard actress was pronounced dead on the scene, at age 48.




Kevin Mazur/AMA2009/WireImage

The music scion's godfather, Clive Davis, also spoke to E! News at his pre-Grammy gala in Beverly Hills, where he expressed his sorrow over the heartbreaking situation. "First, it is terribly sad and it's just painful to see the Houston family feel such pain again," he said. "I have been in touch with the family and offered my support and prayers." Press pray to hear him share a sweet story about Bobbi Kristina as we continue to keep the young beauty in our thoughts. 
/n