Fresh Prince's Janet Hubert Continues to Diss Jada Pinkett Smith After Oscars Diversity Comments: She's Only Mad Because 'Her Hubby Didn't Get a Nomination'/n
Janet Hubert isn’t backing down.  
After posting a video on her Facebook page Monday criticizing Jada Pinkett Smith‘s decision to skip the Oscars, Hubert spoke to the Los Angeles Times to defend her widely viewed comments.  
“The Smiths just irked me because they are such pretenders and everything is a photo op. It’s just self-contrived because her hubby didn’t get a nomination,” Hubert said, referencing Pinkett Smith’s husband Will‘s being passed over for his role in the sports drama Concussion.  
“I was looking at this ridiculousness people called a historic moment and I was annoyed,” the former Fresh Prince of Bel-Air star explained. “I was annoyed because it dilutes the movement when you only stand up for yourself.”    



She continued, “Y’all are at your mansion in a gilded cage, standing up there with billions of dollars in the bank. You could do more for the industry and for black Hollywood than anyone could. You could be mentoring young screenwriters. You could be setting up a program. You have the ability to do so much.”  
Hubert also spoke out against actors in general who complain about being snubbed during awards season.  
“There are actors who have never gotten an Oscar and have done amazing work. If you are waiting for an award of a little … gold statue and that’s supposed to validate you, then you’re not in this business for the right reasons,” she said. “We do the work. It’s about the work. It’s about taking the pages of a script and bringing them to life. It ain’t that deep. We get paid a lot of money to do very little work.”  
Will Smith responded to Hubert’s latest remarks on Good Morning America, Thursday, saying his own snub is “probably a part” of his wife’s adamant boycott of the Academy Awards and confirming that he will not be in attendance at the awards show.  
“We’re part of this community,” he said. “But at this current time, we’re uncomfortable to stand there and say this is okay.”  
Pinkett Smith previously responded to Hubert’s original comments, in a video released by ET on Wednesday.  
“This whole Oscar controversy isn’t really about the Oscars,” Pinkett Smith said. “Really, in my plea to ask all communities and people of color to take back our power is so that we can use it in all sectors of our community, and right now, specifically with African-American people, we have some very serious issues that I think we as a people have to move together on.”   
She added, “I’m hoping we can find ways to step together in this instead of finding ways to fight each other. I got love for everybody.”
/n