Convict Curse! Former Inmate Says Teresa & Joe Giudice's Marriage Is Doomed/n
Could Real Housewives of New Jersey star Teresa Giudice be heading to divorce court after prison? Insiders tell RadarOnline.com it’s likely her marriage won’t survive her time behind bars, and now a former inmate of the Federal Correctional Institution in Danbury, Connecticut, tells Radar she agrees.
“Marriages most always break up when one partner is incarcerated,” says Beatrice Codianni, who served 14 years at the same correctional facility as Giudice on racketeering charges. “People just want to move on with their lives.
“Marriage behind bars is exceptionally difficult, because you are always worrying if your spouse is going to leave you. It is also hard for so many other reasons.”
PHOTOS: Inside Teresa Guidice’s New Prison Life — An A To Z Guide Of The Rules & Regulations Jailed ‘Fraudwife’ Faces Behind Bars
“If Joe says he is going to come and visit and he doesn’t come, she might worry that he has found someone else,” Codianni says, referring to Teresa’s husband Joe, 42, who recently visited his wife and brought along the couple’s four daughters – Gia, 13, Gabriella, 10, Milania, 8, and Audriana, 4.
“A lot of times, and this is the sad part, the women will take the weight of the crime for their men,  because the men will tell them, ‘I’ll get a lot more years than you,'” she said. “The women are gullible, and the men will promise them, ‘Oh baby, I will come and visit you. I will send you money for the commissary. When you get out, we will ride off into the sunset.’
“However, that doesn’t end up happening,” says Codianni, who is now the Managing Editor of Reentry Central.
PHOTOS: From Tax Evasion To Murder – 22 Celebs Who, Like Teresa Giudice, Were Jailed AFTER They Became Famous
But all hope is not lost, she says.
“Some people are very faithful; it depends on the couple and the person,” she tells Radar. “I think that for Teresa and Joe, their family is everything and their primary purpose is providing for their children.
“I am hoping that they will both have the strength to get through this.”
Do you think that Teresa and Joe Giudice’s marriage will survive the test of time? Let us know in the comments. /n