Paul Walker’s Tragic Death: 11 New Developments In The Accident Investigation/n
Paul Walker’s tragic death on Saturday shocked friends and family of the beloved Fast and Furious franchise star. He was just 40 years old and was the father of a teenage daughter, Meadow Walker, who moved to California from Hawaii two years ago to be closer to her dad. RadarOnline.com has 11 new developments in the case surround the explosive car accident.
11.
The Los Angeles County coroner’s office said they will delay autopsies for Walker, 40, and Roger Rodas until identification is made using dental records. This would likely take 48 hours to officially identify the remains from the wreck due to the condition of the bodies Coroner investigator Dana Bee said. “There was a post-collision fire and bodies are not visually identifiable,” she said.
PHOTOS: Paul Walker And Friend Roger Rodas Are Killed In Tragic Car Crash
10.
Walker and Rodas had just left a charity event for Reach Out Worldwide. His daughter had attended the event and may have also witnessed the accident.
9.
Speed is considered a possible cause of the wreck, but the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department said they are investigating how fast the car was traveling and whether the driver was distracted.
8.
Rodas’ eight-year-old son was reportedly one of the first people at the site of the accident and he heroically tried to pull his dad from the burning car. Eyewitness Jim Thorp said: “His son had jumped the fence and gone over, he was trying to get his dad out.”
7.
Walker’s Fast and Furious costar, Tyrese Gibson, appeared at the crash scene after the accident and was sobbing as he survey the horrific accident aftermath. He took a burned piece of the car with him and posted this message on Instagram: I will keep your energy with me forever #AshesOfAnAngel fast family around the world we live you and we love you Paul is the heartbeat of this franchise and were gonna see to it that his energy and presence lives on forever #myhearthurtssobad.”
PHOTOS: Celebs Who Died Young
6.
The car Rodas was driving was a $500,000 Porsche Carrera GT and was reportedly not modified for racing.
5.
Walker was in the middle of filming the 7th version of Fast and Furious, and was set to return to Atlanta this week to film more scenes. The lucrative Universal Studios franchise may have a halt in production, with other stars in the film reportedly saying that it would be incredibly difficult to continue the movie.
4.
Walker was an incredibly generous man, with CNN reporting that a decade ago Walker noticed a young U.S. military veteran shopping with his fiancée for a wedding ring in a Santa Barbara jewelry store. “The groom was just back from duty in Iraq, and he was going to be deployed again soon and wanted to buy a wedding ring, but he said he just could not afford it,” saleswoman Irene King told CNN. “I don’t think the soldier realized how expensive those rings are, about $10,000.” Walker actually paid the bill for the ring.
PHOTOS: Shocking Stories You Didn’t Believe But Turned Out To Be True
3.
As the car burst into flames, guests rushed over with fire extinguishers to put out the fire. One of Walker’s childhood friends tried desperately to pull the men out of the car but was unable to do so.
2.
Walker has been dating Jasmine Pilchard-Gosnell, 23, for seven years and she is reportedly “devastated” over his death. She is a college student in Santa Barbara, Calif.
1.
A clip from the DVD of Fast & Furious 6 was leaked online just three days before the crash and according to the MailOnline Walker and Gibson’s characters are at a funeral. Hauntingly Gibson says: “Promise me Brian, no more funerals,” and Walker replies: “Just one more.”
 /n