The ‘Legally Blonde’ Cast: 15 Years Later/n





                    Tuesday Ten: Movies That Turn 10 in 2016
                







Here's a reminder that you're getting old

 MORE >>










                    Breaking Hair News: Reese Witherspoon Chops Off Her Locks for the Perfect Summer 'Do
                







Reese Witherspoon is going short(er)

 MORE >>





Legally Blonde, the cult-favorite film that gave us the best blonde feminist hero and the legendary “Bend and Snap,” turns 15 years old today! 
The 2001 comedy, which was released on July 13, 2001, became a box office hit and proved to be a big break for actors like Reese Witherspoon, Luke Wilson, and Ali Larter. The film’s huge success was followed by a 2003 sequel, Legally Blonde 2: Red, White, and Blonde, and even a musical adaption which premiered on Broadway in 2007.
In honor of Legally Blonde’s 15 year anniversary, we’re celebrating by taking a look at the film’s star-studded cast and what they’re all up to now.

Legally Blonde gave us the perfectly casted Reese Witherspoon as the bubbly and lovable Elle Woods, who made incorporating pink into every outfit and getting into Harvard Law School look very easy. Since playing Elle in the Legally Blonde franchise, Reese has tackled much more serious roles for which she’s earned Oscar praise: she won the Oscar for Best Actress for Walk the Line in 2005 and was nominated for Best Actress again in 2014 for Wild (but we would still argue that Elle Woods is her best role to date).


Luke Wilson played the charming and smart Emmett who wins over Elle’s affections at Harvard, and since then he’s continued taking on leading man roles. He’s currently starring as the lead in the new Showtime TV series Roadies as Bill.





CREDIT: Everett Collection


Other Legally Blonde stars include Selma Blair as the uptight Vivian Kensington and Ali Larter as fitness guru Brooke Taylor Windham. The two actresses have both gone on to tackle big roles in film and television, such as The People V. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story in Blair’s case.
Scroll through the gallery to see where all the stars of the classic 2000’s comedy are now:


The 'Legally Blonde' Cast: Where Are They Now?








































26 Photos »


/n