The Stars Behind Broadway’s ‘Kinky Boots’ Thank Macy’s For Supporting Fabulousness/n
After their high heels and day drag sent America into a tizzy, the stars of Broadway’s Kinky Boots thanked Macy’s for their support in the most American way possible. They braved the crowds and brawls of Black Friday.

In case you missed the controversy, here’s a recap for you.
As has been the case for many years, the casts of several critically acclaimed Broadway shows took to the streets of New York City on Thursday morning for the annual Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade. That roster of stars naturally included Kinky Boots, which won this years Tony Award for Best Musical.
You can watch the performance below:





But all was not well in America after the glitter had settled into their living rooms. In the hours after the parade, concerned Americans took to Twitter to air their outrage.
Why is this "kinky boots" apart of the Macy's day parade…. They're ruining my thanksgiving
— Colleen Nicole Ross (@colleennicolee) November 28, 2013

They showed real balls airing that transvestite (Kinky Boots) performance at the Macy's parade. No seriously I saw one of their balls.
— Tyler Porter (@TRPmarketing101) November 30, 2013

After watching most of #MacysThanksgivingDayParade, I realized how much our country has declined. "Kinky Boots" disgusting and wrong!
— Chandler Russell (@ChanRussell22) November 28, 2013

And now, two days after what I will refert to as ‘the incident,’ the cast and crew has shown which side they stand on. Tony Award Winner Billy Porter and his costar Stark Sands hit up their local Macy’s, in their bright red Kinky Boots, just to pick up a few things on the shopping day to end all shopping days. Their adventures are well chronicled in the photo gallery at the top of this post.
Celebuzz was also lucky enough to nab a quote from Harvey Fierstein, the man who literally wrote the book on Kinky Boots. About the controversy Harvey said, “I’m so proud that the cast of KINKY BOOTS brought their message of tolerance and acceptance to America’s parade.  10 years ago I was humbled to ride a float dressed as Mrs. Claus and it was the thrill of a lifetime.  Congratulations to Macy’s on leading the world, not only with your salesmanship, but also your humanity.”
And there you have it folks, a ringing endorsement from Edna Turnblad herself. If only Tracy could see her now.
/n