Did Victor Cruz's Fiancée Send a Group Text to His Alleged Mistresses? 'Twas the screengrab to end all screengrabs. Everyone secretly fears the idea of his/her texts being digitally recorded, but no one is (maybe) trembling mo.../n
'Twas the screengrab to end all screengrabs.Everyone secretly fears the idea of his/her texts being digitally recorded, but no one is (maybe) trembling more than Victor Cruz as we speak write. According to reports, the New York Giants player's fiancée, Elaina Watley, text messaged his alleged mistresses and included Cruz as a recipient. In the text, which was allegedly sent Oct. 6, Watley calls the women out for sleeping with her man.A screenshot of the text, obtained by MediaTakeOut and believed to be sent from Watley, cuts right to the chase and informs the recipients that Cruz, 28, has denied their existence even though she "knows" about them."Hello ladies, this is elaina Victor cruz's fiancée," the message reads. "You all know about me and I seem to be the topic of conversations with vic. I'm sure he's told you many of things about us and how we don't exist but given the fact that you all meet him in hotel rooms only, we all know that's a lie, just as he tells me you all are whores and mean nothing to him."



Jason Merritt/Getty Images

The text continues, "I figured since you all know about me, then I should introduce each one of you to each other so we can all know who we have all been f--king for the past several months. So ladies meet one another and feel free to exchange notes."It ends with a kissy-face emoji.If Watley, who appeared on E!'s WAGS last week, really sent the text, then Cruz is probably in some mighty big trouble right now.The couple first met in 2003 when the NFL star was still in high school. They share a 3-year-old daughter and became engaged in July 2014. In September Cruz talked to E! News exclusively about life with his fiancée and explained how they could relate to Tom Brady and Gisele Bündchen's relationship because they have dealt with their fair share of split rumors. 

"Obviously everyone goes through their ups and downs and goes through their fights," Cruz told E! News exclusively. "[The rumors] happen and it's something you have to be thick-skinned about and something you have to understand to keep your family tight knit."Cruz sustained a massive knee injury last year, which proved to be a hurdle for him and his relationship. Fortunately, love got them through it."It went through ups and downs and battles and you fight back because you know that love is there and you fight through it and make it out the other end," he explained. "It's about how you run your household and making sure it stays tight."Maybe that love will get them through this hurdle.

Now watch Tom Brady talk about his wife and kids. 
/n