Kate Upton and Justin Verlander Drops $5.475 Million on a New Mansion/n





                    Kate Upton Is Furious That Justin Verlander Didn't Win the Cy Young Award
                







Hell hath no fury like a girlfriend scorned.

 MORE >>










                    Kate Upton's Boyfriend Justin Verlander Opens Up About Their Leaked Nude Photos
                







How the couple is moving past the massive invasion of privacy. 

 MORE >>





Now that they’re engaged, Kate Upton and Justin Verlander are taking the next big step as a couple and buying a house together.

The duo, who started dating in late 2011, have plunked down $5.475 million on a new pad in Beverly Hills, TMZ reports. While purchasing a marital home is a milestone all soon-to-be newlyweds hit, Upton and Verlander’s love nest is anything but ordinary.
Sitting 5,521 square feet, the country style home is nestled in the star-studded neighborhood of Benedict Canyon and boasts a whopping five bedrooms and six bathrooms. Impeccably designed, the property features a large gourmet chef’s kitchen, an open living room with beamed ceilings,  a maids’ quarter, a studio-slash-game room with its own separate entrance, and a beautiful master suite complete with its own fireplace, dual closets and baths.


Kate Upton flashes Engagement Ring from Justin Verlander








































10 Photos »


Outside, the estate is surrounded by lush green foliage with breathtaking views. While there isn’t a baseball diamond for Verlander, the starting pitcher for the Detroit Tigers, the expansive spread does have its own private tennis court and swimming pool with spa.
If all those amenities haven’t tipped you off that this place is fit for a celebrity couple, its lengthy roster of past residents certainly will! Built in 1976 by director William Asher, this impressive abode has been owned by saxophonist Kenny G, tennis champion Pete Sampras and Man of Steel producer Jon Peters.
As Trulia notes, Upton and Verlander won’t be the only stars on the block, too. Vin Diesel reportedly owns the place right next door!


inside Kate Upton and Justin Verlander's $5.475 Million Mansion 








































25 Photos »


/n