Severed Heads Found In A Cooler Near Popular Celebrity Vacation Spot Cabo San Lucas/n
Two severed heads were found in a cooler near celebrity hotspot Cabo San Lucas, Mexico on Monday, and authorities believe the Sinaloa cartel are responsible, RadarOnline.com has learned.
The dismembered bodies associated with the heads were discovered in another cooler the previous day between twin resorts, San Jose del Cabo and Cabo San Lucas.
The Mexican resort area of Cabo San Lucas has been hit with massive gang violence related to drug wars for decades.
PHOTOS: El Chapo’s Sons Flaunt Lavish Lifestyle In Epic Instagram Battle With Mexican Cartel Members
Bodies of five women and 12 men were also discovered on the resort after an extensive investigation and thorough excavation. Authorities say the bodies were initially difficult to identify as they had been badly decomposed.
The Sinaloa Cartel is considered to be one of “the most powerful drug trafficking organization in the world,” according to the United States Intelligence Community.
Several journalists in Mexico have been targeted in the past year alone. Over the weekend, a local journalist by the name of Marcela de Jesus was shot in the head as she was leaving a radio station, according to Fox News.
PHOTOS: Government Footage Shows Joaquin ‘El Chapo’ Guzman’s Escape –– Jaw-Dropping Jailbreak In Video & 9 Shocking Photos
Prominent award-winning reporter Javier Valdez Cardenas was killed last month in Sinaloa, along with six other journalists, according to The Atlantic. Cardenas was known for his reporting on drug trafficking and organized crime.
Knowing the dangers of his job, Cardenas once said, “being a journalist is like being on a blacklist, even though you may have bulletproofing and bodyguards, [the gangs] will decide what day they are going to kill you.”
Story developing.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n