 One Year Down! Duchess Of Alba And Boy Toy Husband Celebrate First Wedding Anniversary.../n
By Debbie Emery – Radar Reporter
And they said it wouldn’t last!
The Duchess of Alba and her boy toy husband, Alfonso Diez, celebrated their first wedding anniversary on Friday, and RadarOnline.com is commemorating their milestone with a look back on their romantic May to December relationship.
The love birds have made the most of their 365 days of marriage by spending the past year basking on the beaches of the Mediterranean, shopping on the vacation island of Ibiza, and even rubbing shoulders with Tom Cruise at the Mission Impossible: Ghost Protocol premiere in Madrid.PHOTOS: Duchess Of Alba And Boy Toy Hubby Celebrate First Year Of Marriage
Looking surprisingly sprightly for 86, the most titled aristocrat in Europe always has a spring in her step when she walks with 62-year-old Diez around their home city of Seville.  
Maria del Rosario Cayetana Alfonsa Victoria Eugenia Francisca Fitz-James Stuart y de Silva caused a scandal among her family when she announced she was walking down the aisle with the civil servant, who is 25 years her junior, in fear that she would lose the fortune that is estimated between $800 million to $4.7 billion to him.
PHOTOS: Duchess Of Alba Dines With Husband In Paris
The Duchess’ younger spouse has since won over both the citizens of Spain and her kids by renouncing his claim to money.
As RadarOnline.com previously reported, the Spanish royal divided her fortune between her children and grandchildren before the wedding.The quarter century age gap and massive difference in bank accounts between the pair ruffled so many feathers among Cayetana Fitz-James Stuart’s six children that she decided to prove that she was genuinely the object of Diez’s affection by giving them her inheritance before walking down the aisle, including gifting all of them (and her eight grandchildren) a palace each.
PHOTOS: The Eccentric Duchess Of Alba Presents Her New Memoir
She also made Diez, who works as a civil servant in the department of security, sign a legal document renouncing any claim to her wealth after they tied the knot.
If their first year of marriage is anything to go by, it seems clear that money was not the motivation for Alfonso saying “I do,” with the eccentric aristocrat!
RELATED STORIES:
The Duchess Of Alba Frolics Around Spain With Boy Toy Hubby In Flirty Summer Fashion
Sexy Swimsuit Alert! 86-Year-Old Duchess Of Alba Rocks Her Bikini Again!Bikini Babe! Eccentric 86-Year-Old Billionairess The Duchess Of Alba Hits The Beach
Is Taylor Armstrong Turning Into The Duchess Of Alba? /n