Bill Cosby Believes His Sexual Misconduct Allegations Might Be Fueled by Racism/n





                    Janice Dickinson Suing Bill Cosby for Defamation
                







'Justice and Vindication'

 MORE >>





Bill Cosby shares what he believes to be the motives behind the sexual assault allegations that have brought against him.

Bill was a guest on Michael Smerconish’s Sirius XM show on Tuesday (May 16, 2017) and was asked about the outpour of sexual misconduct charges that allegedly occurred between him and a roster of women between 1965 and 2008. During his interview, he restated an argument that was proposed by his daughter, Ensa Cosby, in a statement to The Breakfast Club.
“I believe that racism has played a big role in all aspects of this scandal,” read the statement from his daughter. “The accusations against my father have been one-sided from the beginning. I’ve witnessed my father’s reputation and legendary works be dismissed without any proof…My father has been publicly lynched in the media.”
Bill’s other daughter Erinn Cosby added, “Over the last few years, my family has been forced to sit down and watch as our father has been attacked in the media. I love my father and always have and always will. I believe in his innocence and I know how he values me.”
When asked about this commentary, Bill agreed Ensa’s theory on racism playing a part in the allegations “could be” true.
“Could be. Could be. I can’t say anything, but there are certain things that I look at, and I apply to the situation, and there are so many tentacles. So many different—’nefarious’ is a great word,” Bill stated. “I just truly believe that some of it may very well be that.”
Smerconish noted that his accusers are of various races, to which Bill replied, “Let me put it to you this way: When you look at the power structure, and when you look at individuals, there are some people who can very well be motivated by whether or not they’re going to work. Or whether or not they might be able to get back at someone. So, if it’s in terms of whatever the choice is, I think that you can also examine individuals and situations and they will come out differently. So, it’s not all—not every—but I do think that there’s some.”


Bill Cosby Arrives for His Preliminary Hearing








































28 Photos »


Though he claimed that he was not at liberty to speak openly about the allegations, Cosby made it clear that he will not testify against Andrea Constand, the first woman who went public with her sexual abuse allegations against him a decade ago.
“I’d like to be remembered for being the guy that they made give back all the things they rescinded,” Bill stated before Smerconish asked him to explain this statement.
“Well…things were…rescinded,” Bill continued. “And I’d like to get those things back, because the people who decided to make that decision then saw they made a mistake.”
Hear more clips from the interview over on SoundCloud.
/n