Crystal Pepsi Will Return to Shelves One Last Time This Summer/n
Get ready for a serious blast from the past.
The beloved ’90s soda Crystal Pepsi will make one last final return to shelves this August—but not before a series of epic concerts from some of the decades biggest artists. On Wednesday, the cola company announced the Crystal Pepsi Throwback Tour made up of three free shows from Busta Rhymes, Sugar Ray’s Mark McGrath and Salt-N-Pepa at baseball stadiums around the country. 
The caffeine-free, clear soda was quickly pulled off shelves after its release in 1992 but has maintained a loyal following and made a comeback last summer with a limited-time offering. Since then, fans could only buy the drink on eBay—with one bottle going for as much as $8,000.
RELATED: Hungry and Thirsty? These 12 Drinks Have Snacks in Them
“Crystal Pepsi has always been a fan favorite and fans continue to ask for it time after time,” Chad Stubbs, Vice President of Marketing for Pepsi Trademark, said in a statement. “From the 90s through today Pepsi has been a brand very much connected to music and baseball. We’re excited to see this special tour come to life and to celebrate Crystal Pepsi’s last return.”
FROM PEN: Mimosa Popsicles and Shrimp Cups Are The Perfect Treats For an Awards Night Party

Busta Rhymes will perform at Billy’s Sports Bar near Yankee Stadium on August 1, followed by Mark McGrath at Chase Field in Phoenix on August 11 and Salt-N-Pepa at Marlins Park in Miami on August 13. The shows lead up to the return of Crystal Pepsi on August 14 when it will become available at retailers for $1.79 per 20 oz. bottle.
Want the ultimate dish on the latest celebrity food news, plus exclusive recipes, videos and more? Click here to subscribe to the People Food newsletter. 
Since tickets are free, fans will have to tune into iHeartRadio’s local FM stations in New York (WHTZ, WKTU, WWPR), Phoenix (KESZ, KMXP, KYOT) and Miami (WHYI, WMIA, WMIB) to get their hands on a pair.
The brand even promises some Crystal Pepsi “retro swag” at each concert so you can rock out and drink up in style.
/n