Harry Styles’ Relationship With Taylor Swift Has One Direction Bandmates Sweating!/n
By Jon Boon – Radar Reporter
Harry Styles’ relationship with Taylor Swift has left the other One Direction boys feeling uncomfortable, RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned.
The couple have been spending a lot of time together recently — in fact, they were photographed once again holding hands, this time outside of the Crosby Hotel in New York City on Thursday night.
Niall Horan, Zayn Malik, Liam Payne and Louis Tomlinson are concerned that the 22-year-old We Are Never Ever Getting Back Together singer will write a song about Harry, 18, and humiliate him if things turn sour in their romance.
PHOTOS: Harry & Taylor Hold Hands – Again – In New York
Not only would this cause huge embarrassment for them all – they’re also worried it could harm their fanbase.
“Harry’s public romancing of Taylor has got the other lads all riled up,” a source told RadarOnline.com.
“With Taylor’s reputation for writing break-up songs about her exes, they think Harry could find himself in a spot of bother if it doesn’t work out and his actions are setting them all up for a fall.”
PHOTOS: Taylor Swift In December’s Cosmo
The source revealed, “They also think it is moving too quickly and both have busy schedules, so it’s a difficult time for either one of them to commit.
“Harry’s especially loved by the band’s female fans and there is a feeling that by being so open about his relationship with Taylor he will only upset them.
“The boys are praying that when it does come down to it, he ends things amicably with her. Otherwise, they fear there will be hell to pay.”
PHOTOS: Taylor Swift And Conor Kennedy Hold Hands At The Beach
As RadarOnline.com previously reported, One Direction singer Liam was used as a pawn by Leona Lewis to win back her ex-boyfriend Dennis Jauch.
Leona, 27, ended her two-year relationship with German dancer Dennis back in October and soon after began dating Liam. But now, both couples have walked back into their ex’s lives – Liam, 19, was seen walking hand-in-hand with his former love Danielle Peazer in New York last Sunday, while Leona was spotted at London eaterie Bluebird with Dennis last Thursday.
“Leona and Liam have been friends for nearly two years, so when they were both single they took their relationship to the next level,” a source told RadarOnline.com.
PHOTOS: Stars On Red Carpet At MTV Europe Awards
“But Leona had an ulterior motive – she wanted Dennis to see what he was missing out on and wanted to make him jealous.”
 
RELATED STORIES:
Liam Payne Was Leona’s Love Bait! Lewis Won Back Ex-Boyfriend By Romancing One Direction Hunk
2013 Grammy Awards: Men Rule With Most Nominations – Although Justin Bieber Is Shut Out!
Taylor Swift Hand-In-Hand With Harry Styles At 4 A.M. Outside NY Hotel!
Dating Deja Vu! Taylor Swift’s Pals Say Romance With Harry Styles ‘Has Tragedy Written All Over It’ /n