 'Are We Even Still In Love?' Ashley Darby Nixes Baby Plans As She Contemplates Divorce!.../n
This week’s episode of the Real Housewives of Potomac featured an extravagant birthday party for a child too young to remember it, fights over things that don’t matter, and of course, the fallout of an explosive and potentially marriage-ending fight between Ashley Darby and her husband (for now) Michael.
Ashley and Michael began to sort through their issues in the wake of their blowup. She declared her Oz menu tweaks a success, based on comment card reviews, and he conceded that perhaps he had underestimated her ability to put together the blogger event in a time crunch.
PHOTOS: Gizelle Blasts ‘RHOP’ Stars: Who’s ‘Crazy,’ Who’s ‘Tough’ & Who Won’t ‘Stop Talking!’
However, they’d both said things in anger that they couldn’t take back, and Ashley was left wondering if they had a real partnership.
Michael attempted to smooth things over by taking Ashley on a romantic pottery date. Ashley appreciated the gesture, but revealed that she was ghosting on their plans to have a baby. She asked him if they were even still in love. He said yes, but the inflection in his voice left her with doubts. Ashley pointed out that you can’t give the baby back to the stork.
Monique Samuels‘ adorable baby girl turned one year old, and of course it was cause for a celebration, including a petting zoo, live performers, catering, and 200 guests at the family lake house. Monique’s husband set a budget of $20,000, but Monique interpreted that as $30,000.
PHOTOS: The ‘Real Housewives’ Hall Of Shame — 18 Bravolebrities Who Said Cheese For Their MugShots!
And what’s the point of spending money if nobody is there to witness the grandiose soiree? Monique invited the entire cast, except for Gizelle Bryant, because if she’d gotten kicked out this time, it would have been a two hour drive back home.
Everyone seemed to be having a great time, until Charrisse Jackson Jordan and Karen Huger bumped heads over the planning of a cast trip to Bermuda. Since Karen asked for Charrisse’s help, Charrisse assumed that she was co-hosting the trip, which sent Karen into a rage. They later agreed that each lady would host an event during the vacation. Does anyone else smell a competition?
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n