Emile Hirsch Enters Rehab After Getting Charged With Assault for Alleged Sundance Film Festival Attack After getting charged with felony aggravated assault and misdemeanor intoxication, Emile Hirsch has entered rehab, E! News confirms. The Girl Next .../n
After getting charged with felony aggravated assault and misdemeanor intoxication, Emile Hirsch has entered rehab, E! News confirms.The Girl Next Door star's attorney, Robert Offer, tells E! News, "Emile consumed an enormous amount of alcohol on the evening in question and he has no memory of what happened.""Emile takes these allegations very seriously, and is devastated that any of this has occurred," he adds. "A few days after the incident, Emile sought help and checked himself into an alcohol rehabilitation facility, where he remains today, to ensure nothing like this ever happens again."Hirsch allegedly attacked a Hollywood executive at Tao nightclub on Jan. 25 during the Sundance Film Festival in Park City, Utah. The criminal complaint, obtained by E! News, alleges that the actor appeared to be drunk while referring to Daniele Bernfeld as a "rich kid" and asking her why she looked "so tough." After pushing him away, both Bernfeld and Hirsch went their separate ways, but it didn't end there.

"Shortly thereafter Hirsch came up from behind Bernfeld and wrapped his arm around her to put her in a chokehold," the allegations continue, per the court documents. "Hirsch pulled Bernfeld across the table and onto the floor, where he landed on top of her. While Hirsch was on top of Bernfeld he wrapped his hands around her neck. Bernfeld said she felt as though the front and back of her throat were touching and she remembers things going dark. Bernfeld reported that she may have momentarily blacked out."According to the report, Hirsch admitted to responding officer Sgt. Jay Randall that he was having a "verbal confrontation" with the studio exec and also fessed up to having "three to four alcoholic beverages" that evening.The third-degree felony charge carries a maximum punishment of five years in a Utah state prison and a $5,000 fine, while the class C misdemeanor is punishable by up to 90 days in jail and a $750 fine.A court date has been set for March 16.
/n