Ashley Graham Bares All in Nude Photo Shoot for ‘V’ Magazine/n





                    Here Is Ashley Graham's Cellulite in All of Its Glory
                







Behold! 

 MORE >>










                    Ashley Graham Goes Topless
                







No bra, no problem. 

 MORE >>





Proving she has nothing to hide, Ashley Graham is completely stripped down in her latest fashion spread.

The 29-year-old poses naked in a nude photo shoot for V magazine. In the freshly released black-and-white shots, the model unabashedly bares her curves — cellulite, stretch marks and all — as she contorts her body into different shapes.
Though Graham is all for self-love and body positivity these days, she admits that hasn’t always been the case. In fact, she initially wanted to quit modeling after being rejected so many times.


Ashley Graham Shows Off Her Butt








































6 Photos »


“Being told, ‘You’re fat,’ ‘You’re ugly’ or ‘You’re just not good enough,’ and trying to live in these model standards, that was my normal. I think I hit bottom around 18. I was disgusted with myself and told my mom I was coming home. And she told me, ‘No, you’re not, because you told me that this was what you wanted and I know you’re supposed to do this. It doesn’t matter what you think about your body, because your body is supposed to change somebody’s life.’ To this day that sticks with me because I’m here today and I feel that it’s okay to have cellulite,” she says.
“I remember my first signs of cellulite, in middle school. I remember telling my mom ‘Isn’t it disgusting? It’s so ugly.’ She pulled her pants down and said, ‘Look, I have it, too. And I was like, ‘Gasp!’ She looked at me, then at it, and just rolled her eyes,” the America’s Next Top Model judge recalls. “She didn’t tell me that it’s beautiful or ugly. She just made it a nonissue.”





CREDIT: Mario Sorrenti


Graham, who made history in 2016 for being the first plus-size model to appear on the cover of the Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issue, adds that positive affirmations can really boost someone’s self-esteem.
“If you say, ‘I’m fat,’ that’s how you’re going to feel. If you say, ‘I’m stupid,’ that’s how you’re going to start your day. I wake up sometimes and I feel like the fattest person alive, but I’m not going to let that affect the rest of my day,” she says. “Say to yourself, ‘I like this day. I am bold, I am beautiful, and I am brilliant.’ For me, that hits the interior, the exterior, and it makes me feel smart.”





CREDIT: Mario Sorrenti




Unretouched Photos of Ashley Graham








































14 Photos »


/n