A New Alleged Usher Victim Speaks Out About Sexual Encounter/nQuantasia Sharpton claimed during the live conference that a few years ago, while celebrating her 19th birthday at an Usher concert, she and her friends got to spend time with Usher before they engaged in sexual contact. He allegedly did not tell her he had any STD.After their encounter, she never heard from the singer again.While she tested negative for herpes, she contacted attorney Lisa Bloom to find out “what her rights are as a woman,” she said. “I was upset by the reports because I would have never consented if I would have known. I would not have taken a risk of getting an incurable disease. My health is really important to me. I feel that my rights were violated.”As far as going public, Quantasia said she is doing it on the behalf of others who may feel too embarrassed to do so.“Usher, if you are negative, please say so. If you are positive, you need to warn your sex partners so they can make their own informed decisions.”What are your thoughts on the press conference? Let us know in the comments section.Quantasia Sharpton claimed during the live conference that a few years ago, while celebrating her 19th birthday at an Usher concert, she and her friends got to spend time with Usher before they engaged in sexual contact. He allegedly did not tell her he had any STD.After their encounter, she never heard from the singer again.While she tested negative for herpes, she contacted attorney Lisa Bloom to find out “what her rights are as a woman,” she said. “I was upset by the reports because I would have never consented if I would have known. I would not have taken a risk of getting an incurable disease. My health is really important to me. I feel that my rights were violated.”As far as going public, Quantasia said she is doing it on the behalf of others who may feel too embarrassed to do so.“Usher, if you are negative, please say so. If you are positive, you need to warn your sex partners so they can make their own informed decisions.”What are your thoughts on the press conference? Let us know in the comments section./n