 EXCLUSIVE: Another Woman Accuses Roman Polanski of Rape; Takes Case To District Attorney.../n
Another woman has come forward charging that Roman Polanski raped her in 1974, RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned.
The woman, who was 21 at the time, reported the alleged sexual assault to the Los Angeles District Attorney in May and was interviewed by authorities.
PHOTOS: Roman Polanski Takes A Stroll In Paris After Release
Edith Michelle Vogelhut, a former model also known as Shelli Paul, told authorities Polanski “handcuffed” her at actor Jack Nicholson‘s Hollywood house where he was staying, then sodomized her repeatedly, before he passed out, RadarOnline.com has learned exclusively.
A spokesperson for the District Attorney’s office refused to comment when contacted by RadarOnline.com.
EXCLUSIVE: Roman Polanski Accuser Feels Victimized By Court Decision 
But Vogelhut’s attorney, Michael Griffith, told RadarOnline.com that she was unable to file a civil complaint against Polanski, because of Californian law.
“I’m not planning on filing a civil lawsuit against Mr. Polanski as I think the statute of limitations has expired,” he said.
PHOTOS: Top Celebrity Sex Scandals 
“(However) I’m in contact with the Los Angeles District Attorney’s Office regarding the criminal case.”
The woman’s story is eerily similar to Samantha Geimer, also a one-time model, who Polanski took for a photo shoot in a hot tub at Nicholson’s Hollywood mansion in 1978.
PHOTOS: Celebs Who Have Done Jail Time 
Swiss authorities freed the 77-year-old movie director on July 12, choosing not to extradite him to Los Angeles to face sentencing for having sex with Geimer, who was 13-years-old at the time.
The Swiss declared that the U.S. had failed to provide records of a January hearing that would have shown Polanski had already served his sentence.
PHOTOS: Polanski Abuse Victim Charlotte Lewis Through The Years 
“I’m not sure what I will do hereafter,” Polanski told a Swiss. “For the moment I’m happy to be free.”
British Actress On Roman Polanski: I Was Sexually Abused 
British actress, Charlotte Lewis, who starred in one of Polanski’s films, recently claimed he assaulted her when she was 16 years old in his Paris apartment. /n