I Am Your Father! Mark Hamill’s Son Caught In Nasty Custody War/n
Mark Hamill’s son Nathan is caught in a nasty child custody battle that is tearing his family apart, RadarOnline.com has learned.
Maegan Chen, a former porn actress, has said she met Nathan on Tinder and went on a first date on New Year’s Eve 2015. After they dated for three months she found out she was pregnant. Their daughter Autumn was born on October 31, 2016. Chen says he hasn’t been involved in the child’s life, and hasn’t paid.
The now-estranged couple have been fighting over child support ever since, and on March 13, 2017, Nathan filed court documents in Clark County, Nevada, attempting to put the matter to rest legally.
“Nathan originally told me he’d pay $500 a month in child support,” Chen claimed. “Now he has blocked me on social media and blocked my email and phone number.”
PHOTOS: Take A Bow! Madonna & Guy Ritchie Reach Custody Agreement For Son Rocco
“I have only seen him in court.”
Chen alleged, “He is trying to run me down financially…I had to sell my dog and cats, piano, and camera equipment just to pay for baby supplies and her stroller.”
“Whatever the court says is fair for child support, I’m fine with,” she insisted. “But I want Nathan to put Autumn under his insurance. He needs to be responsible.
In addition, Chen said, “I want all back child support. I think he should have to split it with me 50-50.”
PHOTOS: Something To Prove? Rosie O’Donnell Goes On Instagram Spree With Adopted Daughter As Custody Battle Rages On
As for Nathan, he’s claimed in court papers obtained by Radar that Chen lives in Nevada and is attempting to maintain a residence in California in order to get more money.
A spokesman for the Hamills previously said, “This matter is of a sensitive nature, as well as confidential, and as such, the Hamill family is unable to provide a comment at this time.”
Story developing.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n