Kristen Stewart Dances at Cannes with Alicia Cargile at Shia Labeouf and Riley Keough’s Premiere/n





                    Cannes Film Festival: The Best Fashion Moments From Cannes 2016, Part I
                







K. Stew, Blake Lively, Amal Clooney and more...

 MORE >>





Spontaneous dance party? Eclectic style? Reunited love? The red carpet premiere of American Honey looked like perfection, and the most fun had at the Cannes Film Festival yet.

Kristen Stewart coupled up with her rumored on-again girlfriend Alicia Cargile on Sunday (May 15), as they held hands and supported friends Riley Keough and Sasha Lane, who star in American Honey alongside Shia Labeouf and a gaggle of free-spirited teens in the Andrea Arnold-directed film.


Kristen Stewart and Alicia Cargile Attend 'American Honey' Premiere at Cannes with Shia Labeouf, Riley Keough and More	








































49 Photos »


The group of cool kids started an impromptu dance party on the red carpet outside the Palais des Festivals while E-40’s “Choices (YUP)” played over the speakers.





CREDIT: Getty







CREDIT: AKM-GSI







CREDIT: AKM-GSI


Variety’s Chris Gardner also caught the moment on video for our viewing pleasure:

Kristen Stewart joins dance party for #AmericanHoney #Cannes2016 @thecampaignbook pic.twitter.com/Z3kmZHhSC4
— Chris Gardner (@chrissgardner) May 15, 2016


More dance party to @E40 #choices #AmericanHoney @thecampaignbook #Cannes2016 pic.twitter.com/NAu8pBJ3sX
— Chris Gardner (@chrissgardner) May 15, 2016


Labeouf, sporting a white jacket, looked especially cute as he bounced around awkwardly.
American Honey follows breakout star Lane as “a teenage girl with nothing to lose [as she] joins a traveling magazine sales crew, and gets caught up in a whirlwind of hard partying, law-bending and young love as she crisscrosses the Midwest with a band of misfits.”
American Honey also stars Isaiah Stone, Veronica Ezell, Raymond Coalson, McCaul Lombardi (all present at the premiere), and is getting rave reviews.
The Hollywood Reporter’s bottom line is, “A road movie without a map that nonetheless arrives at a worthwhile destination.”
And Variety praises Labeouf, Lane, and the movie as a whole while comparing it to Spring Breakers:
While exhilarating as sensory spectacle, “American Honey” perhaps works most satisfyingly as a femme-driven corrective to Harmony Korine’s comparable but inferior Spring Breakers, a notional girl-power exercise that muted its female characters’ perspective in favor of James Franco’s gonzo mentor figure. That’s not an error Arnold makes. Despite the apparent stunt casting of LaBeouf — who easily delivers his best performance here, bleeding the eccentricities of his own celebrity persona into the character to fascinating, oddly moving effect — the film never slips away from Star’s evolving point of view, or Lane’s electric presence.
Check out pics of K-Stew, Cargile, Labeouf and Keough dancing in the gallery above, as well as all the red carpet pics from the American Honey premiere.


Cannes Film Festival: The Best Fashion Moments From Cannes 2016	








































211 Photos »


/n