Daisy Duke from "Dukes of Hazard: 'Memba Her?!/nCatherine Bach -- and her short-shorts -- became famous for playing Daisy Duke on the '70s /'80s series  "The Dukes of Hazzard. " Guess what she looks like now!    Expecting Stars Who's Pregnant in Hollywood? Jessica Simpson finally announced her pregnancy to the world this week -- but she's not the only celeb with a baby growing inside her. There are over 25 knocked-up stars out in Hollywood these days. Who are they? Find out above!    Hanson Brothers MmmBuy Our Childhood Mansion For Sale: The Oklahoma mansion where the Hanson bros grew up and recorded one of their albums. The Deets: Custom recording studio, 6 bedrooms, 5 baths luxury pool and cabana house. According to TulsaWorld.com, the Hanson family bought the place AFTER the band achieved  "commercial success " ... but Zac, Isaac and Taylor basically grew up on the property. The fam has since moved out of the home -- but whoever buys the pad will get to use the state of the art recording studio ... where Hanson recorded their 2010 album,  "Shout It Out. "The property is going up for auction on November 10 -- but before you get all excited, check your bank account ... realtors are requiring a $50k deposit to place a bid.    Bond Girls Then & Now Naomie Harris and Berenice Marlohe were officially named as the new Bond Girls today -- but what happened to past Bond arm candy like Honey Rider and Pussy Galore? Check out the gallery above to see what Bond's babes look like now!      Wilmer Valderrama & Demi Lovato The Makeout Session After attending a Halloween party together on Monday night, rumored lovebirds  Wilmer Valderrama and Demi Lovato were seen sucking face outside Wilmer's house on Tuesday.The couple previously dated back in 2010, after Demi split from Joe Jonas.At 31, Wilmer is 12 years older than 19-year-old Demi.    Selena Gomez and Amanda Seyfried Skin Is In! Selena Gomez and Amanda Seyfried showed that a hint of skin is definitely in while sporting sexy cut-out dresses on the red carpet this week!Selena flaunted her figure in an asymmetrical silver minidress with a side cut-out at a charity event in L.A. on Tuesday night and Amanda rocked a similar look halfway around the world at the Berlin premiere of her film “In Time” on Wednesday.These girls are just two of the celebs who have taken to the cut-out trend. Keira Knightley, Fergie and Lea Michele have all been spotted recently sporting the look.    Celebrity Squares GUESS WHO! Can you figure out which young Hollywood starlet just got squared? Click through the photos to find out!/n