'Sister Wives' Lesbian Bombshell: Meet Mariah's Girlfriend!/n
Mariah Brown just came out as a lesbian on a January episode of Sister Wives, back in January, and now RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal that she’s in a relationship with a beautiful young woman!
Mariah broke the news herself on her Instagram on February 18, writing, “When your girlfriend is an artist, so you pretend to art for a day just for her, alongside a glowing photo of herself with a pretty brunette.
The next day, they made things “Facebook Official,” announcing their relationship on their respective profile pages.
And not long after, Brown, 21, identified her girlfriend by name on Twitter too, Tweeting on March 8, “Shoutout to Audrey Kriss for literally changing my life and showing me that who I am is perfectly okay.”
PHOTOS: Blac Vs. Kardashian Sisters: Feud EXPLODES Between The Girls
Kriss, 21, is a fellow student of Mariah’s at Utah’s Westminster College, Radar can reveal.
Mariah has come a long way after a very difficult year. She dealt with her mother Meri Brown’s infidelity in a catfishing scandal that rocked the Sister Wives franchise and family all throughout 2016.
In the humiliating saga, Meri, 46, fell in love with an online persona named Samuel Cooper who was really a woman named Jackie Overton. The drama played out on TV, and Meri and husband Kody Brown have been trying to repair the damage to their relationship ever since.
But then in 2017, it was Mariah’s turn to deliver a shock to her family, as she came out on TV in January. A source previously told Radar that the family had no clue it was coming.
PHOTOS: Guns, Whiskey & Whips! ‘Sister Wives’ Son Gets Wild
“No one thought Mariah coming out as gay was going to be the announcement, especially considering Mariah was one of the children who said would practice polygamy when she married,” said the source to Radar at the time.
Mom Meri was seen on TV sobbing, “I didn’t see this coming, I thought I knew my daughter…I didn’t. Meri wasn’t the only one that was shocked. “No one knew what Mariah’s big announcement was going to be when this was filmed. Robyn, Christine, Janelle, and Kody were all also genuinely blindsided by the news.”
The Brown family’s church, the Apostolic United Brethren, promotes the belief that homosexuality is a sin. However Mariah’s family have been supportive of her coming out.
PHOTOS: Birthday Girl Kourtney Kardashian Steals Sister Kim’s Bestie Jonathan Cheban
“We’re just happy she’s figured out who she is,” Janelle said. “It’s tremendous when you see a kid do that.” Meanwhile, Mariah’s dad, Kody, shared that he always knew there was the possibility of having a homosexual child. “You come from an Old Testament religion, you are not excited that your child comes out,” Kody explained. “I thought about this years ago, and I made a decision. My job as a dad is to love and respect and not to judge.”
Story developing.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n