Queen Elizabeth II Calls Manchester Arena Bombing an ‘Act of Barbarity’ as Ariana Grande Suspends Tour Indefinitely/n





                    Ariana Grande Addresses Fans After Manchester Terror Attack
                







"Broken."

 MORE >>





Queen Elizabeth II released an official statement condemning the deadly terror attack at Ariana Grande’s concert at Manchester Arena on Monday (May 22, 2017).

“The whole nation has been shocked by the death and injury in Manchester last night of so many people, adults and children, who had just been enjoying a concert,” Queen Elizabeth II began. “I know I speak for everyone in expressing my deepest sympathy to all who have been affected by this dreadful event and especially to the families and friends of those who have died or were injured.
“I want to thank all the members of the emergency services, who have responded with such professionalism and care. And I would like to express my admiration for the way the people of Manchester have responded, with humanity and compassion, to this act of barbarity.”
As previously reported, the blast killed at least 22 people and injured 59. The names of the victims have not yet been released, but it is suspected that they are primarily young adults and children.
Grande’s tour has been indefinitely suspended in the wake of the attack. TMZ reports that she will not perform in London on Thursday (May 25, 2017) and has decided to put the entire European tour on hold as she was set to perform in England, Belgium, Poland, Germany, and Switzerland in the upcoming weeks.


Ariana Grande Performs on 'Jimmy Kimmel Live'








































15 Photos »


Grande was allegedly “in hysterics” in the aftermath of the bombing. Scooter Braun, her manager, released an emotional statement on Twitter Monday night in response to the tragedy.
“We mourn the lives of children and loved ones taken by this cowardly act,” said Braun, “We ask all of you to hold the victims, their families, and all those affected in your hearts and prayers.”


pic.twitter.com/BOHKwMx4wW
— Scooter Braun (@scooterbraun) May 23, 2017

In addition to the many celebrities and public figures who voiced their condolences for the victims via social media, James Corden paid tribute to Manchester from the set of The Late Late Show.
“My thoughts and prayers are with the people of Manchester tonight,” said Corden in the video at the bottom of the page.”All of the staff at the MEN Arena, all of the security teams, all of the emergency services, Ariana and her team and all of those families affected by tonight.”
He added, “We’ll all go to bed holding our little ones even tighter this evening.”
Watch Corden’s speech in its entirety, here:

/n