Will Smith Just Reunited with the ‘Fresh Prince of Bel-Air’ Cast/n





                    Will Smith Still Knows All the Lyrics to 'Fresh Prince of Bel-Air' Theme Song
                







Listen to him rap the iconic jam.

 MORE >>










                    Janet Hubert Explains Her Decades-Old Beef With 'Fresh Prince' Costar Will Smith
                







~*~DRAMA~*~

 MORE >>





The gang’s all here!

Will Smith reminisced about the good ol’ days of chilling out, maxing, relaxing all cool when he reunited with the cast of Fresh Prince of Bel-Air over the weekend after more than 20 years since the show went off the air. Alfonso Ribeiro, who played Carlton Banks on the show, shared a photo from their onscreen family’s reunion, captioning the sweet shot, “Always amazing to spend an afternoon with my Fresh Prince family.”
Tatyana Ali (Ashley Banks), Karyn Parsons (Hilary Banks), Daphne Reid (Vivian Banks) and Joseph Marcell (Geoffrey Butler) were also there for the celebratory lunch. However, the reunion was somewhat bittersweet as the man who won our hearts as Uncle Phil was not in attendance.



A post shared by Alfonso Ribeiro (@therealalfonsoribeiro) on Mar 27, 2017 at 5:27pm PDT



“Wishing that James Avery was still with us to make this complete,” he added of their missing co-star, who passed away from complications during open heart surgery in December 2013. He was 68.
Given that she has a longstanding feud with Smith, Janet Hubert, the actress who originally played Aunt Vivian until 1993, was absent from the festivities as well.
“I think that Janet Hubert brought a really powerful dignity to the show,” Smith explained of her departure during a BBC Radio 1Xtra interview last year. “I think she is brilliant. As an artist, there’s so many things that she does. She sings, she dances, she’s like a really powerful artist so I love what she brought to the Fresh Prince.”


Will Smith and Jada Pinkett Smith Through the Years








































22 Photos »


/n