5 Things You Need to Know About Kaley Cuoco’s New Mini-Horse, Shmooshy/n





                    Kaley Cuoco Reveals How She Met Karl Cook
                







So cute!

 MORE >>





Kaley Cuoco and her boyfriend Karl Cook recently welcomed an exciting little addition into their family.

Cuoco shared a photo on Instagram announcing the news that she and Cook recently adopted a dwarf mini-horse named Shmooshy.
“The family expands welcome Shmooshy!!!!! ❤️❤️❤️,” Cuoco captioned the photo below.



The family expands welcome Shmooshy!!!!! ❤️❤️❤️ @mrtankcook #bigbaycity #mascot
A post shared by @normancook on May 21, 2017 at 9:02am PDT





Kaley Cuoco and Karl Cook Attend Golden Globes After-Party








































7 Photos »


The adoption of a mini-horse is not out of character for the couple since Cook is a professional equestrian and Cuoco is seasoned in the sport. Though Shmooshy is new to the limelight, there’s never been a better time to get to know her than now, before she becomes a bigger celebrity than Miss Asia Kinney. (Maybe.) Here are five quick facts about Shmooshy that you need to know.
1. Her Name is Shmooshy
Yes, her name is Shmooshy, like ‘smooshy’ with an extra ‘h’ added for pizzazz. According to Cuoco, this name choice was inspired by the horse’s nose, which “is all shmooshed.”



Hi! my name is Shmooshy! I’m a dwarf mini who’s been rescued and living @mylittlepeepers foundation a few days ago this crazy girl @normancook walked in with my same hairstyle, and we became instant soul mates . She adopted me and now Iam heading to LA to start my new life! Wahooo!!!!! Oh they call me Shmoosh cause my nose is all shmooshed 
A post shared by Life With Shmooshy (@lifewithshmooshy) on May 22, 2017 at 11:07am PDT




2. She Was Adopted with the Help of The Peeps Foundation
The Peeps Foundation is an organization dedicated to rescuing dwarf mini horses with special needs and giving them a forever home.



Welcome to the squad, miss Shmushy !!!! Thank you @mylittlepeepers foundation for helping us adopt this little lady.. we are so in love!!!! #minidwarfpony #bigbaycity #mascot #braidsfordays 
A post shared by @normancook on May 21, 2017 at 7:51am PDT




3. She Really Likes Bows
They are definitely her Thing.



A post shared by @normancook on May 22, 2017 at 11:32am PDT



4. She Has an Instagram Account
Follow her at @lifewithshmooshy to get more exclusive content such as this:



I could get used to this 
A post shared by Life With Shmooshy (@lifewithshmooshy) on May 24, 2017 at 11:29am PDT



5. She’s Looking for a Stylist
Send her a DM with your contact info and #BuyJoanneOniTunes while you’re at it, just because.



Finally arrived to California! Feels good to let my hair down anyone know where I can purchase a hair straightener?
A post shared by Life With Shmooshy (@lifewithshmooshy) on May 24, 2017 at 10:55am PDT



/n