Vince Vaughn Opens Up About His Daughter’s Obsession with Frozen and the Polar Bear Plunge/n





                    Colin Farrell, Vince Vaughn Confirmed as Leads for 'True Detective' Season 2
                







 Bye bye, Matthew McConaughey and Woody Harrelson... there are new sheriffs in town.

 MORE >>





Vince Vaughn chats humorously with Ellen Degeneres about his daughter’s idol, Elsa from Frozen. 
The father of 2 (4-year-old Lochlyn and 1-year-old Vernon with wife Kyla Weber), wondered what about child psychology in terms of Frozen, telling Degeneres,
I like “Frozen” I think “Frozen” is great, but it’s interesting to me because of the two ladies in the movie, one is she’s all in  with the first guy she meets, right? Like he kind of says, “I love you” and that’s the end of it. She’s just, here’s my heart here’s everything and then you know, he kind of turns out not to be the best of choices.
And then the other lady, Elsa, which is the one that my daughter really seems to idolize, she doesn’t want to get too close to anyone, because she’ll hurt them, she’ll freeze them and she’ll cause them pain so she has to shut herself out.
He added with a laugh,
So I wonder what a child psychologist would say about this, but my daughter puts on the white wig and then she is Elsa, that’s who she is. And she tells me she has to shut me out. She shuts out everyone in the room. She says, “I’m shutting you out, I’m not good for you. I have to be far, far away.” A little role-playing, a little imagination is good, but I’m like are we doing some serious damage here?
And then she’ll freeze me and then I’ll go along with it, so maybe I’m encouraging it, I’ll freeze, but then she’ll kiss me and unfreeze me. And so then I say to her “well you don’t have to shut me out because if you do freeze me you’ll kiss me to unfreeze me.” But it doesn’t change the dialogue; I’m being shut out, I’m being frozen, I’m being kissed.
It’s a very complicated rollercoaster. I don’t know what I’m setting up for. I have no idea.


	Vince Vaughn Goes for the Gold








































11 Photos »


Vaughn’s latest movie is Unfinished Business, released March 6, co-starring Dave Franco, Tom Wilkinson and Sienna Miller.
Watch Vaughn’s explanation of Frozen in the video above, and check out what he had to say about participating in the Polar Bear Plunge in support of the Special Olympics, with Lady Gaga and Taylor Kinney below.

/n