Tom Arnold and Wife Ashley Groussman Welcome a ''Perfect'' Baby Girl Tom Arnold has added another beautiful lady to his every day life. E! News has learned that the 56-year-old and wife Ashley Groussman have welcomed thei.../n
Tom Arnold has added another beautiful lady to his every day life.E! News has learned that the 56-year-old and wife Ashley Groussman have welcomed their second child, a baby girl, today!"Actor and comedian Tom Arnold and wife Ashley welcomed their second child today in LA, a baby girl named Quinn Sophie Arnold," the actor's rep tells E! News. "Arriving at 12:39 p.m. weighing in at 7 pounds and 9 ounces and 22 inches long. She joins 2 1/2 year old brother, Jax Copeland Arnold."The couple tells us, "Our second miracle has arrived and she is perfect.""Jax is very excited but also a bit confused with the happy news he will have a little sister this fall. #grateful," the True Lies star tweeted when announcing the pregnancy over the summer.Arnold took to Twitter yesterday to hint that their daughter's arrival was coming up fast, when he wrote to a user, "I love being a dad so much I'm going to do it one more time tomorrow."

The news of another child is especially heartwarming after learning of Arnold's struggles to have children in the past.During a January 2014 episode on The Wendy Williams Show, Arnold revealed he had gone through 21 rounds of in vitro fertilization with all of his spouses (he was previously married to Roseanne Barr, Julie Lynn Champnella, and Shelby Roos) and had basically "given up" on being a father, but his fourth wife Ashley "really wanted" to try to have children."I didn't think it was in the cards for me, to be honest, and so I was completely shocked," Arnold said on The View after discovering Groussman was expecting. "It's a miracle."Congratulations to the happy couple on another miracle entering their lives.People was first to report the story.

Tom Arnold's wife isn't the only one who recently gave birth. Watch above!
/n