Michelle Williams Recalls The Heartbreak Of Heath Ledger's Death Nine Years Later/n

It's hard to believe it's been nine years since Heath Ledger passed away.
But Michelle Williams and their daughter Matilda continue to be so strong!
While the actress has been candid in the past about his tragic passing, she opened up more, even explaining the heartbreaking of moving on from their Brooklyn home.
Related: Michelle & Busy Phillips Are Bestie Goals!
In an interview with the WSJ Magazine's February issue, the Manchester By The Sea star confessed: 
"At that time, I was inconsolable because I felt, ‘How will he be able to find us?' This is where we lived, and he won't know where we are. And now I can't believe I thought that. Maybe that's what's making me cry is I feel sad for the person who thought he won't be able to locate [us]."
Our hearts!!
Of course, being a single mom to their 11-year-old daughter has been her main focus since, even putting relationships to the side.
"It's hard to romanticize romance when you're 36. When you've been a parent for 11 years and you've done it alone, you don't have romantic ideals, because you have a practical understanding that you can do it by yourself. The romantic idea of meeting your person and having a storybook family life that looks like the model you grew up with – that doesn't really exist for me. I've not gotten married because I have not had a person to whom I would — so I have not let my sense of conformity or duty override my instincts."
Williams continued:
"Sometimes it can feel alienating; at school functions, there's only two of us single mothers. Everyone else has a partner, so we buddy up."
And even so, the 36-year-old is worrying about being a good parent while juggling her career:
"I worry about the next job and when it's coming and will I be able to get it, but when you're looking at something, there's also the criteria of timing, the school calendar, the location, the duration, and just where we're at as a family."
She's kicking ass at it though! Just in case she didn't already know that.
Ch-ch-check out her spread and cover in the gallery (above)!
[Image via Daniel Jackson/Wall Street Journal Magazine.]
/n