sort of drug in the car. ________ Rapper Desiigner has been arrested in New York City.  E! News can confirm the "Panda" performer, whose real name is Sidney Royel Selby III, was handcuffed along with four other people Thursday nigh.../n
UPDATE: Authorities in New York have discovered that the drugs found in Desiigner's SUV were not illegal narcotics but rather steroids that reportedly belonged to his driver, according to TMZ.Thus, E! News has learned the charges of intent to sell brought against the "Panda" rapper have been dropped. Charges over criminal possession of a loaded weapon have also been dropped. However, he still faces charges over criminal possession of a controlled substance. Desiigner says he had no idea there was any sort of drug in the car.________Rapper Desiigner has been arrested in New York City. E! News can confirm the "Panda" performer, whose real name is Sidney Royel Selby III, was handcuffed along with four other people Thursday night after police were called about a traffic dispute near the Lincoln Tunnel. New York authorities were notified around 9 p.m. of a white Range Rover with a passenger who allegedly flashed a firearm at a nearby car.Police pulled the SUV over and found loose prescription drugs, marijuana and a gun inside.  

Desiigner was charged with criminal possession of a weapon in the second degree with a loaded firearm, possession of a controlled substance with intent to sell in plain view, criminal possession of a controlled substance in the fifth degree and menacing in the second degree.The other four people were also charged with menacing with a firearm and possession of illegal substances. Currently, Desiigner has not posted bail and will head to court later this morning. Before performing at his record label's pop-up concert in Manhattan Wednesday night, the rapper walked the carpet of the MTV Video Music Awards in late August. The 19-year-old was nominated for Best New Artist and Best Hip-Hop Video for his hit, "Panda."(Originally published Sep. 9, 2016 at 7:56 a.m.)
/n