She previously appeared in seasons one, two, three, four and six and played everything from a cannibal hillbilly to the Angel of Death to the iconic Myrtle Snow. Jason LaVeris/FilmMagic Billy Eichner makes his debut Known for comedies P.../n
Ryan Murphy may have teased a "love story for the ages" between Sarah Paulson and Evan Peters' characters in the upcoming American Horror Story: Cult, but his character Kai won't be the only one her Ally will be romantically linked to.As Paulson revealed to reporters during the show's panel at the 2017 Television Critics Association summer press tour, Ally will also be married to newcomer Allison Pill's character Ivy Mayfair-Richards!The scoop was revealed in rather roundabout way, as Pill vaguely referred to the occupants of the gorgeous two-story house that's one of this installment's central sets. "There are two women married to each other in that house," she revealed.

"Yeah, but who are they?" Paulson joked before letting the cat out of the bag. "It's me and Allison." As for that love story with Peters? "I think it's going to reveal itself in surprising ways," the actress teased following the panel.The cast and producers remained typically tight-lipped for much of the session, but they did reveal a few more morsels of information. Returning Roanoke star Adina Porter revealed that her character was a "broadcast news journalist." Executive producer Alexis Martin Woodall admitted that the installment's much-talked about connection to the 2016 presidential election was "more about what's going on in the world around us...[a] streak of paranoia."And when asked for some words to describe a plot that's been so fiercely guarded, Woodall had this to say: "We've got bloody tension, a well-cooked meal, an exciting trip to a grocery store. I just think it is true to our brand, which is you're going to be in a whole new world all over again and fall in love with these really special characters and hate yourself for watching it right before you go to bed and love yourself in the morning for making it through the night."For everything else we know about Cult thus far, be sure to read on!

What's got you most excited for the new season? Sound off in the comments below!

American Horror Story: Cult premieres Tuesday, Sept. 5 at 10 p.m. on FX.
/n