Kanye West’s Yeezy Season 4 Recap: Everything You Need to Know/n





                    Everything You Need to Know About the Yeezy Season 3 Show
                







The biggest event of New York Fashion Week is finally here.

 MORE >>





With another Fashion Week comes yet another Yeezy runway — and Kanye West certainly pulled out the stops for his Yeezy Season 4 collection this week.

Held at the Franklin D. Roosevelt Four Freedoms Park on Roosevelt Island, the show was attended by A-listers — including West’s wife Kim Kardashian and her sisters, natch — as the rapper-turned-designer had guests shuttled in from another location. As per usual in all Yeezy viewings, models were made to stand in a grid formation with a neutral expression, only sitting when a break was needed (or in this case, when the heatwave started taking a toll on their bodies). For this specific show, West had the models create a gradient effect with their clothing, with the front row clad in white-toned pieces and others in beige, army green and black.
Here’s what you need to know:
1. Approximately 500 models were cast.
Over the weekend, West put out an open casting call for “multiracial models only.” According to WWD, he hired “upward of 500″ for the show.
 
2. Sweatshirts were $75.
Even before the show began, fans flocked to the merchandise table to get their hands on a Yeezy Season 4 pullover (available in either white or neon yellow). The shirts were sold at $75 each.

The #Yeezy T-shirt, sold at the show, $75. #NYFW pic.twitter.com/cz2n8Ow1QI
— Guy Trebay (@GuyTrebay) September 7, 2016

 
3. Kim Kardashian wore a sheer dress.
Unlike her recent outfits though, this one did not prominently feature her nipples.


Kim Kardashian Steps Out for Yeezy Season 4 Show








































6 Photos »


 
4. Kylie Jenner brought Tyga.
Kylie Jenner packed on the PDA with boyfriend Tyga. She was also joined by BFF Jordyn Woods.



A video posted by Kylie (@kyliejenner) on Sep 7, 2016 at 2:02pm PDT



 
5.  Kendall Jenner was also there.
NYFW staple Kendall Jenner wore Yeezy, of course.



A video posted by Nikki Ogunnaike (@nikkiogun) on Sep 7, 2016 at 1:19pm PDT



 
6. The sun really took a toll on the models.
Many had to sit down after standing out in the heat. Water bottles were given out to those who needed to take a break.

Model undone by the heat at Yeezy. pic.twitter.com/vaZlisrMdm
— Vanessa Friedman (@VVFriedman) September 7, 2016


 
7.  Kim Kardashian’s see-through boots were from the Yeezy collection.
See how she rocked them this week below.


Kim Kardashian Steps Out in See-Through Bra and Boots








































7 Photos »


 
8. Sofia Richie was a model.
Justin Bieber’s new girlfriend, Sofia Richie, wore a large green jacket and thigh-high boots.

“sofiarichie: thank you Justin!” pic.twitter.com/Opprb5kGyr
— alexandra (@bletherbieber) September 7, 2016

 
9. Teyana Taylor also walked the runway.
Teyana Taylor, who stars in West’s “Fade” music video, was also featured in the show. She wore black tights with a baggy cardigan and boots.



A video posted by Nikki Ogunnaike (@nikkiogun) on Sep 7, 2016 at 1:48pm PDT



 
10. Kanye West smiled as walked the runway at the end of the show.
OMG! What a rare treat!
Kanye’s smiling! #YeezySeason4 pic.twitter.com/1rGNYxdfNi
— @Booth (@Booth) September 7, 2016

/n