 Jenelle Fires Back At Nathan For Claiming She Endangered ‘Well-Being’ Of Son Kaiser.../n“This is why I am so concerned about his well-being," Nathan said in a retweet showing Kaiser on the boat without his life jacket. "Kaiser is now so scared to be in deep water.” Nathan has previously claimed that Kaiser “is petrified of the water” because “he fell off the boat” once.Fans also slammed Jenelle for taking Kaiser’s life jacket off while still on the boat: “He needs a life jacket on, if he falls over it wouldn’t be good, come on [Jenelle] you should know better.”But Jenelle is defending her actions. “The Snapchat video I posted of Kaiser I made public on purpose," she told RadarOnline.com exclusively. "The boat wasn't in motion, was anchored and it was VERY hot. So Kaiser took his life jacket off for a few minutes inside the boat.”“If Nathan is so concerned maybe he should report it to the authorities not to Twitter,” she continued. “I'm so sick of this drama from him.”“There's lots of reasons behind Nathan's behavior right now, but to protect my son I'm not posting it publicly and that's no one else's business but my own and my lawyer,” Jenelle added.Jenelle pointed out that in North Carolina, a child “doesn’t have to wear a life jacket if the boat isn’t underway,” which the North Carolina Wildlife Resources Commission confirmed.Do you think Jenelle should have kept Kaiser in his life jacket? Sound off in the comments below.“This is why I am so concerned about his well-being," Nathan said in a retweet showing Kaiser on the boat without his life jacket. "Kaiser is now so scared to be in deep water.” Nathan has previously claimed that Kaiser “is petrified of the water” because “he fell off the boat” once.Fans also slammed Jenelle for taking Kaiser’s life jacket off while still on the boat: “He needs a life jacket on, if he falls over it wouldn’t be good, come on [Jenelle] you should know better.”But Jenelle is defending her actions. “The Snapchat video I posted of Kaiser I made public on purpose," she told RadarOnline.com exclusively. "The boat wasn't in motion, was anchored and it was VERY hot. So Kaiser took his life jacket off for a few minutes inside the boat.”“If Nathan is so concerned maybe he should report it to the authorities not to Twitter,” she continued. “I'm so sick of this drama from him.”“There's lots of reasons behind Nathan's behavior right now, but to protect my son I'm not posting it publicly and that's no one else's business but my own and my lawyer,” Jenelle added.Jenelle pointed out that in North Carolina, a child “doesn’t have to wear a life jacket if the boat isn’t underway,” which the North Carolina Wildlife Resources Commission confirmed.Do you think Jenelle should have kept Kaiser in his life jacket? Sound off in the comments below./n