Venus Williams Hit With Wrongful Death Suit After Fatal Car Crash/n
The tennis pro, 37, was hit with a wrongful death lawsuit after the car wreck that she created injured Linda and Jerome Barson. Jerome succumbed to his injuries 13 days after the crash, according to Palm Beach County court documents obtained by Radar.
Linda and Jerome’s daughter Audrey Gassner-Dunayer filed the explosive lawsuit on behalf of her father on June 29, just 20 days after the initial accident.
READ THE DOCS HERE 
“Jerome Barson and his wife Linda Barson suffered severe traumatic injuries,” she wrote in her suit. “Palm Beach Gardens Fire Rescue emergency rescue workers treated them on the scene and transported them to St. Mary’s Medical Center in West Palm Beach.”
“Jerome Barson’s traumatic injuries include, inter alia, lacerated skin, severed main arteries, massive internal bleeding, a fractured spine, and massive internal organ damage,” she continued. “Jerome Barson fought for his life in the intensive care unit at St. Mary’s Medical Center but did not survive his injuries.”
Meanwhile, Linda also suffered from “inter alia, a cracked sternum, shattered right arm, broken right wrist, hand and fingers.” Her injuries are expected to be permanent.
PHOTOS: Game, Set, Hot! Eva Longoria & Serena Williams Are Banging Bikini Babes In Miami — The Top 10 Sizzling Photos
“Jerome Barson died at St. Mary’s Medical Center, on June 22, 2017, thirteen days after this motor vehicle crash,” the papers read.
“Linda Barson watched her husband Jerome Barson die on her sixty-eighth birthday,” their daughter revealed.
Linda, 68, and Jerome, 78, were “happily married for over thirty-three years” before his death, and shared seven grandchildren.
The suit claimed that Williams’ “wreckless driving” caused Linda to lose her husband’s “companionship and protection,” as well as his income.
PHOTOS: Serena Williams Flashes Cleavage While Bouncing In A Bra & Sheer Tights
The family is requesting for Williams to pay for their medical and funeral expenses, as well as other damages.
Radar previously reported that Williams was found “at fault” for the accident because she failed to give the right of way while entering an intersection.
Stay with Radar for more.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n