Ashton Kutcher Enjoys The Bachelor Life With Hot Blonde Model At Kentucky Derby /n
By Debbie Emery – Radar Reporter
It wasn’t just the horses that captured Ashton Kutcher’s eye when he attended the Kentucky Derby festivities last weekend, as RadarOnline.com can reveal that the newly single star was enamored by a long-legged beauty of a different breed the night before the big race.
The Two And A Half Men star attended Maxim’s Fillies And Stallions party on Friday night, where he was spotted flirting with a certain hot blonde who happened to be a model working the party for the men’s magazine.
PHOTOS: Demi Moore’s First Public Appearance Post-Rehab
Dressed in black pants, a white shirt and sporting a scruffy beard, Kutcher spent the night tucked away in the corner of the VIP section at the bash with the mystery girl, who was wearing a sexy jockey outfit of tight breeches and black boots while brandishing a horse whip. Despite the crowd of gorgeous women surrounding him, he only had eyes for her, a fellow partygoer exclusively revealed.
However, it was all about the boys the next day at the running of the 138th Derby at Churchill Downs in Louisville, Kentucky, where Ashton was seen looking dapper in a newsboy cap, bow tie and vest while watching the big race with his guy friends.
PHOTOS: Ashton Catches Bruno Mars Show As Demi’s Rushed To The Hospital
As RadarOnline.com previously reported, Ashton can afford to put down some money on the ponies after signing a new year-long contract with CBS last week.
At a nearby table, NFL star Tom Brady enjoyed a day out without wife Gisele Bundchen as he spent the afternoon betting on horses with fellow New England Patriots players Wes Welker and Matt Light, and former teammates Matt Cassel and Lonie Paxton.
PHOTOS: Take A Peek Inside Ashton Kutcher’s Hollywood Hills HomeReality stars Coco and Ice-T were also in town for the most glamorous horse race of the year and made the most of the weekend’s non-stop parties by attending the Unbridled Eve event at the prestigious Galt House on Friday and the Style Icon suite hosted by New Era. 
Sadly, their English bulldog Spartacus didn’t join the Ice Loves Coco stars to sashay down the red carpets.
RELATED STORIES:
Demi Moore Changes Twitter Name, Dumps @mrskutcher
Ashton Kutcher Commercial Pulled After Cries Of Racism
Ashton Kutcher’s New Deal With Two And A Half Men Is Smaller And Shorter Than Expected
Romantic Reunion? Former Costars Ashton Kutcher And Mila Kunis Enjoy A Weekend Away /n