Cecil The Lion's Son Shot Dead Two Years After Dentist Killed Cub's Father/n
The son of Cecil The Lion has been shot dead by a big game hunter in Africa just two years after the father was tragically slaughtered by an American dentist, sparking international outrage!
RadarOnline.com has learned that the late Cecil’s six-year-old cub – who was fitted with an electronic tag after the famous lion was killed – was found in Hwange National Park in West Zimbabwe, near the spot where his father was killed in 2015.
SHOCKING PHOTOS: Lion Killer Walter Palmer Spotted One Year After Brutal Slaying
According to the Telegraph, Richard Cooke from RC Safaris was leading an expedition and turned the tag in to researchers who were able to identify the young lion’s body.
A researcher from Oxford University in London, Andrew Loveridge, said, “I fitted it last October. It was monitored almost daily and we were aware that Xanda and his pride was spending a lot of time out of the park in the last six months, but there is not much we can do about that.”
“Richard Cooke is one of the good guys. He is ethical and he returned the collar and communicated what had happened. His hunt was legal and Xanda was over six years old so it is all within the stipulated regulations,” Loveridge added.
HORRIFYING VIDEO: Accused Accomplice Of Walter Palmer: ‘I Do Not Feel I’ve Done Anything Wrong!’
As those who followed the heartbreaking story of Cecil The Lion know, he was slayed in 2015 by American trophy-hunter Walter Palmer – a dentist from Minnesota who paid tens of thousands to shoot Cecil. Hunter was cleared of poaching following an investigation.
At the time, the shamed dentist was forced into hiding after receiving countless death threats by animal rights activists.
One year after Cecil was killed, photos emerged of Cecil’s seven offspring, five females and two males.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n