Morgan Freeman's Granddaughter's Boyfriend Charged With Her Murder After Exorcist-Like Slaying/n

UPDATE 13:46 PM EST: Lamar Davenport, the man accused of fatally stabbing Morgan Freeman's granddaughter, E'Dena Hines, is reportedly WANTED in California for another unrelated crime. Apparently, the suspect was arrested back in July 2014 after bringing cocaine to Magic Mountain. Yikes!
Though he was initially charged with a felony possession for the coke, he was cut a deal and order to go to rehab. Unfortunately, Lamar missed his February court date for a progress report which resulted in him being issued a bench warrant. It's still unclear whether he bailed on rehab all together. 
Stay tuned. 
———————————-
How very sad.
With reports of Morgan Freeman's granddaughter E'Dena Hines' bizarre and untimely death circling, it's being reported that her boyfriend Lamar Davenport has officially been charged with second degree murder. Whoa.
As we previously stated, Miz Hines was found in the street outside her NYC home on Sunday after witnesses claim they saw her boyfriend trying to perform an exorcism while stabbing her. Reportedly, Lamar was was taken to New York's Columbia Presbyterian Medical Center to be psychologically tested and evaluated before being taken to the police and questioned.
So scary!
[ Related: Annie Lennox Joins Daughter To Say Goodbye To Ian Jones ]
After receiving multiple stab wounds to her torso, the starlet was rushed to the hospital where she was pronounced dead. Tragic.
With these crazy reports, it'll be interesting to see if his attorney will attempt the insanity plea now that he's been charged with murder.
Though Freeman and Hines were not blood related, the two remained close as she was the granddaughter of the 78-year-old's first wife Jeanette Adair Bradshaw. The Lucy actor even brought the late 33-year-old as his guest to the 2005 Golden Globes.
Recently, the Oscar winner shared:
"The world will never know her artistry and talent, and how much she had to offer. Her friends and family were fortunate enough to have known what she meant as a person. Her star will continue to shine bright in our hearts, thoughts and prayers. May she rest in peace."
Tissues, anyone?!
We can only imagine what a hard time those close to the budding actress are going through. Our thoughts are with E'Dena's loved ones during this trying time.
[Image via Nikki Nelson/WENN.]
/n