Passages/n
PARTING WAYS
Gisele Bündchen, 26, and Victoria’s Secret have ended their affiliation, the model’s agent tells PEOPLE. She has decided not to extend the multimillion-dollar deal she signed in 2000. A rep for the lingerie company said in a statement, “We wish her all the best and thank her for her extraordinary work.”
BIRTHS
Actor Cary Elwes, 44, and his wife, photographer Lisa Marie, 36, greeted their first child, daughter Dominique, in L.A. on April 24.
UPDATE
After receiving permission from a Bahamian court, Larry Birkhead, 34, arrived in Louisville, Ky., on May 1 with 8-month-old Dannielynn, his daughter with the late Anna Nicole Smith. (Smith’s last partner, Howard K. Stern, had been caring for Dannielynn in the Bahamas until Birkhead’s paternity was established.) But the photographer still faces another custody hearing to resolve a challenge from Smith’s mother, Virgie Arthur. Both parties are due in court June 9.
LEGAL MATTERS
Eve, 28, was arrested on suspicion of DUI after crashing her Maserati in L.A. on April 26. The rapper-actress (born Eve Jeffers) was driving in Hollywood when she hit a center divider. She was taken into custody around 2:45 a.m. and released that morning after posting $30,000 bail (and receiving a jailhouse visit from actor Sean Penn)…. Singer Boy George (a.k.a. George O’Dowd), 45, was arrested in London on April 28 on charges of common assault and false imprisonment following an alleged incident at his home early that morning. Auden Carlsen, 28, who claimed to have met O’Dowd online, told police that the singer and an unidentified man handcuffed him to a wall and pinned him to a bed before he managed to escape. A rep for O’Dowd did not respond to requests for comment. The case is currently under investigation.
DEATHS
Jack Valenti, 85, a former White House staffer under Lyndon B. Johnson who also devised the Motion Picture Association of America’s modern film ratings system, died April 26 at his Washington, D.C., home of complications from a stroke he had suffered in March…. Cellist Mstislav Rostropovich, 80, considered one of the greatest instrumentalists of the past century, died April 27 in Moscow. An outspoken advocate for artistic freedom in his native Russia during the Cold War, he delivered an impromptu concert at a checkpoint at the former Berlin Wall just after it fell in 1989. The cause of death was not disclosed…. Former Tonight Show backup bandleader Tommy Newsom, 78, died April 28 following a battle with bladder and liver cancer at his home in Portsmouth, Va. From 1962 to 1992, Newsom backed host Johnny Carson, who dubbed the stone-faced saxophonist “Mr. Excitement.” … Bobby “Boris” Pickett, 69, who sang the Halloween favorite “Monster Mash,” died of leukemia in L.A. on April 25. Pickett topped the Billboard Hot 100 in 1962 with the novelty tune.
IT’S A GIRL
Actress Keisha Castle-Hughes, 17, greeted her first child with boyfriend Bradley Hull, 20, on April 25. The New Zealand-based couple, who have been together for three years, welcomed daughter Felicity-Amore, described by the new mom’s rep as “beautiful” and weighing in at 7 lbs. 6 oz. Castle-Hughes made history in 2004 when, at 13, she became the youngest ever Best Actress Academy Award nominee for her film Whale Rider. She has since played the Queen of Naboo in 2005’s Star Wars: Episode III—Revenge of the Sith and was the Virgin Mary in last year’s The Nativity Story.
/n