Ivanka Trump Praises Melania Trump’s Speech Amid Plagiarism Controversy/n





                    5 Things You Missed from Last Night's RNC: Laura Ingraham's Nazi Salute, Donald Trump's Kiss and More
                







So much went down at the Republican National Convention

 MORE >>





Ivanka Trump fully supports her stepmother, Melania Trump, and thought Melania’s controversial speech at the Republican National Convention on Monday was spot on.
Speaking with Today, Ivanka said, “I love Melania so much and I am so proud of the job that she did. She’s a very private person and for her to come out on that stage and speak from the heart and share her story about coming to this country … This is such a personal experience for her and she shared it in such a graceful and articulate way, so I am enormously impressed with her ability to do that and have great respect for it.”
On Monday, Melania’s speech championing husband and Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump was knocked because much of it seemed to come directly from a speech First Lady Michelle Obama gave at the 2008 Democratic National Convention.


Melania Trump Delivers Speech at the Republican National Convention








































6 Photos »


As the plagiarism controversy took hold, Trump Organization staff writer Meredith McIver stepped forward and claimed responsibility for the blunder.
Trump himself praised McIver. “She just made a mistake, and I think it was terrific how she came forward and just said, ‘Look, it was a mistake that I made.’ And she thought that it was very unfair to Melania, although, interestingly the press treated Melania very well because they didn’t think that it was her.”
Meanwhile, Ivanka will introduce her father at the RNC on Thursday (July 21), and she told Guthrie she is a bit terrified by it. “I’ve never spoken in a stadium like this, but really I just want to make sure I do a great job for him. So it’s a real honor and a privilege that he asked me to do this, and I think it’s a testament to him as a parent.”


Celebs Who Aren't Afraid to Bash Donald Trump








































12 Photos »


/n