Alexis Arquette, Sibling to David and Patricia Arquette, Dead at 47/n





                    WATCH: Patricia Arquette Supports Bruce Jenner, Opens Up About Transgender Sister
                







 Oscar nominee Patricia Arquette is supporting Bruce Jenner's transition into a woman

 MORE >>





Trans actor Alexis Arquette, best known for her Boy George impression in The Wedding Singer, died Sunday surrounded by family, according to brother Richmond. The cause of death has not been revealed. Alexis was 47.
Richmond Alexis wrote on Facebook (via People):
Our brother Robert, who became our brother Alexis, who became our sister Alexis, who became our brother Alexis, passed this morning September 11, at 12:32 am. He was surrounded by all of his brothers and sisters, one of his nieces and several other loved ones. We were playing music for him and he passed during David Bowie’s ‘Starman.’ As per his wishes, we cheered at the moment that he transitioned to another dimension. I am feeling immense gratitude to have been afforded the luxury of sharing life with him/her, for learning from Alexis, for being given the gift of being able to love him/her and to be loved by him/her. He was a force. He died as he lived, on his own terms. I am immensely grateful that it was fast and painless. It was an incredibly moving experience and I am humbled and grateful to have been able to have been with him as he began his journey onward. Thank you, Alexis, I love you and will love you always.
Alexis, who is part of the acting Arquette clan that includes sisters Rosanna and Patricia and brother David, started acting at age 12, and along with The Wedding Singer, Alexis also appeared in Bride of Chucky and Pulp Fiction. His most recent role was in Adam Sandler’s Blended. 
Alexis also documented her transition to a woman in the 2007 film, Alexis Arquette: She’s My Brother.





CREDIT: Getty Images


Patricia tweeted the video for “Starman” early Sunday morning, with the caption, “Breaking through the veil singing Starman.”

Breaking through the veil singing StarMan https://t.co/A3way5S3Lb
— Patricia Arquette (@PattyArquette) September 11, 2016

Rest in peace.
/n