Princess Kate: Raising Her Kids Her Way!/n
It’s Kate‘s way or the ­highway!
The 35-year-old Duchess of Cambridge has issued a royal mom ­decree: My children will be raised by MY rules!
Now Kate has the royal family’s knickers in a twist — by yanking the silver spoons right out of Prince George‘s and Princess Charlotte‘s little mouths — and if her regal in-laws don’t like it, they can stuff it!
The mom is “keeping stuffy ­royal protocol far from their apartment at Kensington Palace, telling palace aides her kids will be raised her way,” insiders tell RadarOnline.com.
PHOTOS: Kate Middleton–From Sexy To Sophisticated
“Kate has kept her babies out of the public eye as much as possible. They have absolutely no idea that they’re royals,” says a source. “They might look like perfect tots in photos, but at home they play in the mud, fall off their ponies and have screaming tantrums!
“It would absolutely horrify Elizabeth. But Kate insists the kids should be allowed to be normal children. Never in royal history have the children in direct line to the throne been raised in such a modern way.”
Kate, 35, and husband Prince William, 34, have also been criticized for keeping George, 3, and Charlotte, who turns 2 on May 2, away from their stiff-upper-lip grandfather Prince Charles and the snobbish influence of his wife, Camilla.
PHOTOS: Kate Middleton & Princess Charlotte Celebrate 1st Birthday With New Photos
And the situation has exploded, as members of the royal family take sides.
“Charles insists he has an ‘excellent relationship’ with George, but the reality is he rarely sees the grandchildren,” reveals a palace insider. “Kate prefers to leave them with her own parents, Carole and Michael Middleton,” who are commoners.
Even though a royal storm has hit, Kate remains adamant her kids are treated normally.
PHOTOS: Queen Of The House! Kate Middleton’s Super Strict Parenting Rules Exposed
Whenever little George acts out, Kate says, “Let’s take a break.” She then escorts him to a corner of his room where he plays with special toys designed to calm him down. When George throws a fit, Kate pretends to be a 3-year-old girl and rolls around the floor acting like a petulant brat. When the boy sees how silly she looks, he breaks out in fits of laughter!
Even among other kids, Kate isn’t afraid of threatening to have their nanny take George home!
In staggering defiance of centuries-old royal tradition, the young mom has now enrolled George — a future king of England — in a normal, co-ed, middle-class school in suburban London with 540 other students.
PHOTOS: Deadly Thin Duchess! Kate Middleton’s Weight Drops To A Shocking 89 Pounds
“George was expected to enroll at Prince William’s first school, Wetherby Prep. But Kate dug in her heels, insisting on a much less snobby school — even when Will’s posh school is just down the street from their home in ­Kensington Palace!”
But while bluebloods are griping Kate is a royal rebel and snipe that their future king is growing up more Middleton than monarchy, Kate’s Prince Charming fully backs his no-nonsense bride — ­believing his own beloved ­mother — the late Princess Diana — would wholeheartedly approve!
“William supports Kate completely,” says a source. “He still remembers feeling terrified of flashing cameras as he made his way up the school steps on his first day!”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n