Jim Carrey Agrees To Tell All About His Role In Ex’s Suicide!/n
Jim Carrey will be grilled about his ex-girlfriend’s suicide in a deposition next month, RadarOnline.com has learned.
Carrey, 55, will sit for a sworn deposition in August, as he continues to battle a wrongful death suit brought by the family of his late girlfriend, Cathriona White.
During a hearing in Los Angeles County Superior Court, the attorney for White’s family, Michael Avenatti, said getting Carrey to talk was his top priority.
“We want his deposition. We want it yesterday,” he argued in court. “We have asked repeatedly for dates, no less than five or six times.”
Carrey’s reps agreed to a deposition in late August.
As Radar has reported, White’s mother and ex-husband blame the Ace Ventura star for giving her the drugs used in her suicide, which he denies.
White’s mom, Brigid Sweetman, also accuses the comedian of giving her daughter multiple STDs throughout the course of their relationship.
“Carey’s abuse included, but was not limited to, Carrey giving Ms. White three STDs without warning her (herpes and chlamydia), lying to her about it, ‘dumping’ her out of concern for saving his own carefully crafted public image, calling her a ‘whore’ and shaming her,” Sweetman’s original complaint stated. He’s denied that as well.
Indeed, Carrey’s attorney fired back, slamming the STD charges and claiming White’s ex only married her to stay in the country.
“The claim that Mr. Carrey gave Cathriona White an STD is categorically disputed,” Carrey’s attorney, Martin Singer, said in a statement. “This is a desperate, bogus claim made by the ‘husband’ of the sham marriage.”
According to the New York Daily News, the parties have agreed to meet for mediation,  but Carrey’s lawyer isn’t optimistic anything will come of that.
“I don’t see any possibility of this case settling before trial,” Carrey’s lawyer Raymond Boucher told the Daily News.
Judge Deirdra Hall set a status conference for Aug. 8 and encouraged the parties to continue working together.
White was found dead on September 28, 2015, four days after dying from an intentional overdose in her Sherman Oaks home.
She and Carrey had broken up just days before her passing.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n