Two MORE Cast Members Quit 'Dance Moms' Following Miller's Shocking Exit/n
Abby Lee Miller isn’t the only star leaving Dance Moms! After Miller’s shocking announcement, cast member Ashlee Allen revealed she is also leaving the Lifetime series along with her daughter Brynn Rumfallo.
“When you are totally at peace with one chapter of your life closing,” Allen tweeted. “Out. #DanceMoms.”
She added, “I’m so glad I know who I am, and I know what I stand for… and I know when it’s time.”
The departure comes only one day after Miller, 50, blamed producers for her decision to leave the show after seven seasons.

PHOTOS: Dangerous Driver! ‘Dance Moms’ Star Kira Girard Busted For Unsafe Traffic Violations
“I will no longer take part in Dance Moms,” Miller captioned a photo of her winning team. “For the past six years/seven seasons I have asked, begged and even demanded creative credit for all the ideas, award winning routines, themes and costuming – To no avail!”
She added, “I don’t have a problem working with any kid, I love children and have dedicated my life to making other people’s children successful. “I just have a problem with being manipulated, disrespected and used day in and day out by men who never took a dance lesson in their lives and treat women like dirt!”
Allen sided with Miller when junior elite competition team members Nia Sioux, Kendall Vertes, Kalani Hilliker and Cameron Bridges left the studio to compete with 8 Count Dance Academy with former ALDC member Chloe Lukasiak at nationals.
PHOTOS: Prosecutor Rips Into ‘Dance Moms’ Star Abby Lee Miller During First Hearing
Rumfallo revealed over Instagram that she won first place at the competition with remaining ALDC members Lilliana Ketchman, Elliana Walmsley and Maesi Caes.
The feud began when Miller left the team for three weeks, leaving choreographers Laurie-Ann Gibson and Meagan Nugent to take over. Her unexpected return forced the longtime dancers to leave the team.
But Miller’s enemy Cathy Nesbitt-Stein isn’t convinced she’s done with the show for good.
“She’s blown off like that before,” the Candy Apples Dance Center owner previously told Radar. “She has a baby hissy fit and then she goes back, so who knows if she’s really leaving. She’s upset because she wants to be the voice of what they’re doing and production has their own agenda. We all know she’s a huge spoiled brat!”
The drama comes only weeks before Miller is expected to learn her fate on May 8th.
Miller pled guilty to not reporting an international monetary transaction and one count of concealing bankruptcy assets in June 2016.
She faces up to 30 months in prison.
Allen could not be reached for comment.
Are you surprised Allen and Rumfallo are leaving? Tell us in the comments.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n