Marina Abramović Institute Apologizes to Jay Z After Realizing He Did Donate to Them After All/n





                    "Picasso Baby" Video
                







Jay Z's music video is a performance art film. 

 MORE >>










                    Marina Abramovic Talks Lady Gaga 
                







The artist explains why the singer went nude in her Kickstarter video.

 MORE >>





Now that’s how you show someone the receipts.

After performance artist Marina Abramović fired off at Jay Z for allegedly not making good on his promise to contribute to her school after appearing in his “Picasso Baby” music video, the rapper’s team have presented actual proof of donation.
Jeanne Greenberg-Rohatyn of Salon 94, who helped organized the video shoot and is Hova’s art adviser, is defending Jay by showing up with literal receipts. She tells artnet News she owns a document marked with the number W984804 that acknowledges the substantial donation made on the emcee’s behalf, reading, “Thank you for your donation.”
In light of the news, the Marina Abramović Institute, a 33,000 square-foot space in New York dedicated to honing performance art, has issued an official statement apologizing for making accusations about Jay Z’s lack of donations. In a press release, the school states Abramović was not aware of Jay Z’s donation at the time of her interview with Spike magazine, in which she claimed the 45-year-old “completely used” her and that she “came out with nothing” after starring in his music video.

The statement reads:
Marina Abramović was not informed of Shawn “Jay Z” Carter’s donation from two years ago when she recently did an interview with Spike Magazine in Brazil. We sincerely apologize to both Marina Abramović and Shawn “Jay Z” Carter for this, and since have taken the appropriate actions to reconcile this matter.
According to Abramović, she only allowed she only approved of “Picasso Baby,” which was inspired by her performance piece “The Artist Is Present,” and agreed to star in the short art film because Jay Z had promised to “help [her] institute.”
“The day before, he came to my office and I gave him an entire power point presentation and said: okay, you can help me, because I really need help to build this thing. Then he just completely used me. And that wasn’t fair,” she said in the interview. “I will never do it again, that I can say. Never. I was really naive in this kind of world. It was really new to me, and I had no idea that this would happen. It’s so cruel, it’s incredible. I will stay away from it for sure.”





/n