Khloe Kardashian's Ex James Harden Tells All On Rocky Relationship/n
James Harden “didn’t like all the attention” that came along with dating Khloe Kardashian, which he claims ultimately led to their split last year.
In a new interview with Sports Illustrated, the 27-year-old revealed new secrets of the pair’s high-profile relationship, sharing that it wasn’t his bag.
“I feel like [the attention] was for no reason,” the Houston Rockets said. “I wasn’t getting anything out of it except my name out there and my face out there, and I don’t need that. It wasn’t uncomfortable, but it wasn’t me. I don’t need pictures of myself when I’m driving my car. Who cares? What shoes am I wearing? Who cares? Where am I eating? Who cares? It was unnecessary stuff that I think trickled down to my teammates. I had to eliminate that.”
PHOTOS: Ruby Rose Butts Into Khloe Kardashian’s Nasty Twitter Feud With Chloe Grace Moretz
As Radar readers know, Harden and Kardashian split in February 2016 after eight months of dating. Soon after their breakup, 32-year-old Khloe threw Harden under the bus on her now-cancelled show Kocktails With Khloe, claiming that he cheated on her.
“He sought me out, he wanted to be committed…then wasn’t committed,” Khloe revealed in the juicy new video.
The reality star explained that she offered not to be monogamous when they began dating, due to their complicated schedules and long distance relationship, but Harden wouldn’t have it.
PHOTOS: Khloe From The Block! Khloe Kardashian Is ‘Obsessed’ With Jennifer Lopez — 8 Photos Show How She’s Stolen Her Style
Instead the pro basketball player opted for a committed relationship with the LA-native, despite living in Houston, TX.
“I was like ‘Great, this guy’s in it for the long haul,” Khloe said. “‘Let’s do it.’ [Then I] found out he wasn’t,” she revealed, adding that she has “the receipts to prove it.”
As for Harden, the athlete told Sports Illustrated that he’s happy to focus solely on his career right now. “I’m not worried about anything but hooping,” he said. “And that may be why I’m having this kind of success.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n