'Tan Mom' Patricia Krentcil Might Sue School Because Daughter Got Sunburn/n
She’s back!
The woman who became a sensation as “Tan Mom” has returned to the news.
Patricia Krentcil, who was arrested and charged with child endangerment for allegedly taking her then-5-year-old daughter Anna into a tanning bed with her five years ago, has slammed the girl’s school for sending Anna home with a bad sunburn.
PHOTOS:Tan Mom Ejected From NY Roast
Anna is now 11 years old and according to a horrified Krentcil, 49, she suffered sunburn during recess.
“She was totally burned. I packed her [sunscreen] and she came home like a French fry,” Krentcil told the New York Post.
As Radar reported in 2012, Krentcil was arrested on a second-degree child endangerment charge when authorities alleged she took her 5-year-old daughter into a stand-up tanning booth, where the child was burned. Krentcil denied the claim.
PHOTOS: Drunk Tan Mom Butchers Rihanna Song At N.J. Restaurant
In 2013, as CBS News reported, a New Jersey grand jury refused to indict Krentcil for the alleged tanning booth incident.
Now, Krentcil is fighting mad because it was a nurse at Lincoln Elementary School in Nutley, NJ, who originally tattled to police years ago that Anna had revealed the tanning trips.
While Krentcil admits her daughter her daughter has accompanied her to salons, she denies Anna was ever on a tanning “bed.”
PHOTOS: Janice Dickinson Stays Silent Over Bill Cosby Lawsuit
Now she alleges Anna has been burned at the same school and fumed, “After what they did to me, they didn’t put lotion on her? This time, I’m going after them.”
Krentcil said that her lawyer is mulling a potential case against the Nutley Public School District for neglect.
The mother said teachers at Lincoln Elementary “harass [Anna]. They always ask her, ‘Are you OK [at home]?’ ”
PHOTOS: Lawsuits, Cheating Rumors & More! Teresa Giudice’s Most Shocking Post-Prison Scandals
The mother of five children, who divorced her husband in 2014 after the controversy, said the 2012 case against her was unfair as she recalled, “I went down to the station and they put me in the cage” and she emerged “pale after a week. I still have nightmares. I did nothing wrong.”
The orange-hued viral celebrity hit red carpets after the bizarre story and she admitted she made “a ton of money” on various projects exploiting her fame.
But it was a double-edged sword as she claimed others shunned her and, “At that point I was drinking to forget what was going on. [But] I don’t think I was an alcoholic.”
She told the Post she’d undergone rehab for drinking.
Krentcil has made personal appearances and she was dissed for a bizarre outing at a New York club, as Radar has reported.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n