Garrett Clayton on Playing a Heartthrob in Hairspray Live! and Having the Courage to Be Himself
/n
Playing Link Larkin on NBC’s Hairspray Live! is a full-circle moment for Garrett Clayton.
The 25-year-old actor — known for roles on TV’s The Fosters, the indie film King Cobra and in the Disney Channel’s Teen Beach movie franchise — first chose Larkin’s signature tune, “It Takes Two,” as his audition song while studying to get his B.F.A. in musical theater at Oakland University in Rochester, Michigan.
Since then, Clayton’s kept 16- and 32-bar cuts of the 1950s-style doo-wop ballad in his audition cycle. (It’s one of the songs that helped him book the first Teen Beach film in 2013). And after seven years of crooning for casting agents, he’ll finally get the chance to sing the tune live on Wednesday — to an audience of thousands.
“It’s really exciting,” he told PEOPLE, when reflecting on the experience in a phone conversation. “I even went and bought [the soundtrack] as soon as it came out. I went online and said, “I have to buy this because now I get to buy the cast album that I’m on.’ I geeked out a little bit!”

It makes sense, because Clayton is a theater kid at heart.
After years of playing sports like karate, boxing, football and soccer, the Michigan native did his first play at a summer camp when he was 13. He was hooked, and joined the drama club full time soon thereafter. “There was one summer where I did three shows all at the same time — including You’re A Good Man, Charlie Brown,” Clayton said. “I really fell in love with it.”
But at the beginning of high school, Clayton wasn’t as confident in who he was. “I was trying to be someone for the first part of high school,” he said. “I was kind of this nerdy kid who didn’t want to be a nerd anymore. Even talking about it, I’m embarrassed. I’m like, ‘Ugh, why did you care what people thought?’ ”
Francisco Roman/Disney Channel/Getty
Things changed when his friends circle turned on him. “Partway through school, I had dated someone my other friend liked and all the people who I thought were my friends ended up hating me. They wanted her to date my other friends. And because she dated me, they hated both of us.”
When they split, Clayton realized the people in his life weren’t friends with the real him.
“They were friends with this idea of the person I was trying to be,” he said. “And when all of those things were happening, I realized I don’t care about what people think of me — I just want to be happy. Ever since then, everything I’ve done in life, I’ve just been chasing happiness and trying to keep honest, good people in my life.”
Trae Patton/NBC
It’s not just a lesson Clayton learned in life — it’s one Link Larkin learns in Hairspray.
“It’s why I relate to Link,” Clayton said. “There’s all these idealistic things that TV and movies tell you that you should want to be. And when you’re growing up, you find out what you really care about and what really matters.”
“Link learns that sometimes, the things you want in life aren’t in line with your heart — but that your dreams can come true if you stand up for what you believe in,” he added.
Maddie Baillio/NBC
What matters to Link is Tracy Turnblad (newcomer Maddie Baillio) – the energetic optimist as the center of Hairspray. Their love story is a pure one in many ways, with Link singing to her, “Tracy I’m in love with you no matter what you weigh!”
“It’s a huge message,” Clayton said. “We live in such a society where there are all these unrealistic expectations placed on women. It’s a really good message to say ‘Love yourselves and love the people around you for who they are — not necessarily for what they look like.’ ”
“We all fall in love with someone for the person they are — not because of their race, their hair or any of the frivolous things that go away in time,” he continued.
RELATED VIDEO: You Can’t Stop … to Breathe! Find Out What Song the Cast Is Scared to Perform on Hairspray Live!

 
As for love, Clayton’s found it on the set of Hairspray Live! — among the cast made up of Ariana Grande, Dove Cameron, Ephraim Sykes, Harvey Fierstein, Kristin Chenoweth and Baillio (to name a few). Clayton said he’s hopeful his Hairspray stays in touch after their final bows.  
“We are all so obsessed with each other,” Clayton gushes. “From day one of rehearsals, everybody came in with really good intentions and wanting to give 110 percent. It doesn’t feel like a Hollywood horror story — it’s a really open, loving environment were people want to have fun and tell a good story.”
“I mean it when I say all of us are going to be sobbing when this show ends,” he concluded. “We’ve created such a good family here and it’s going to be so sad to say goodbye.”
Hairspray Live! airs Wednesday at 8 p.m. ET on NBC.
/n