Lloyd Webber Spies "Phantom" Sequel/n
The enduring success of Andrew Lloyd Webber's The Phantom of the Opera has long been a mystery to theater critics.      So maybe, then, this is only apt: Lloyd Webber turning to a mystery writer to help him cook up a sequel.      Frederick Forsyth, the bestselling author of spy novels like The Day of the Jackal, has been tapped by the knighted composer to write a storyline for an all-new Phantom.      The project is said to be in the infancy stage.      There's no time table on when (or where) the show would hit the stage, says Lloyd Webber spokesman Peter Brown. Also no word on who would collaborate on lyrics with the composer. (Charles Hart and Richard Stilgoe handled "June/spoon" duties last time around.)      Brown says the sequel would pick up where the original stage show left off. (That would be where Erik, the phantom, eludes an angry mob and disappears without a trace--save for his trademark mask.)     "Where Freddie takes [the story] is really up to him," Brown says.      Forsyth's previous stage credits include: Nothing.      To be sure, the British-born author is no novice around show biz. Four of his novels have been converted into movies--The Day of the Jackal twice. Other ready-to-film titles include The Odessa File and The Fourth Protocol.      Forsyth and Lloyd Webber are acquaintances, hence the writing assignment, Brown says.    The Phantom of the Opera debuted in London on October 9, 1986. It's been a Broadway fixture since 1988. The musical has been seen by an estimated 52 million people worldwide.      Lloyd Webber might be extra-anxious these days to duplicate his Phantom success. His splashy Sunset Boulevard lost money during its New York run; follow-ups, By Jeeves and Whistle Down the Wind, never even made it to Broadway.      While talk of a stage sequel heats up, the long-planned Phantom movie also seems to be cooking. Latest word has Antonio Banderas, who sang in the big-screen retelling of Lloyd Webber's Evita, as the odds-on-Erik.   
/n