Bobbi Kristina Brown and Nick Gordon Are ‘Too Young to Get Married,’ Says Fiancé’s Grandmother (EXCLUSIVE)/n





                    Whitney: Her Life in Photos
                







Whitney Houston's Life in Photos

 MORE >>





 The daughter of legendary pop star Whitney Houston is too young to get married, according to the woman who could soon be Bobbi Kristina Brown’s grandmother-in-law.
In a promo clip for Lifetime’s upcoming reality show The Houstons: On Our Own released last week, 19-year-old Bobbi Kristina announced she was engaged to Nick Gordon, who her mother informally adopted when he was 12.
The shock move didn’t go down well with her aunt, Patricia Houston, who labelled it “unacceptable.”
Gordon’s family is supportive of the union, however.
“We are supportive and we’re not going to abandon them,” Gordon’s grandmother, Maxine, told Celebuzz in an exclusive interview.
“They think there’s no reason to keep it hidden and they want it out there… she wants to stay with him for the rest of her life. He is very protective of her and he promised Whitney he’d take care of her.”

Still, Maxine said the ring of wedding bells is too much, too soon.
“They are too young to get married. He’s 23 and is a man, but he’s still young and her too,” she added. “Bobbi Kristina needs to go to school. I know Nick is trying to encourage her. But she has her own mind.”


bobby brown mourns his famous ex wife








































12 Photos »


The Lifetime show will focus on how Bobbi Kristina — Houston’s daughter with singer Bobby Brown — has coped since Houston was found face down in a water-filled bathtub with drug paraphernalia near by on Feb. 11 at a Beverly Hills, Calif., hotel.


bobby brown mourns his famous ex wife








































8 Photos »


The Los Angeles County coroner concluded she died of an accidental drowning.
Maxine said The Bodyguard star would have been pleased with the engagement if she was still alive, “because she’s known Nicky since he was 17. She would be happy.”


whitney houston's rise to superstardom 








































49 Photos »


When Bobbi Kristina and Nick do get married, Maxine said she expects it will be a televised event.
She added, “If there’s a wedding, it’s going to be elaborate and big. But I wish they would have a nice, quiet ceremony.”
The Houstons: On Our Own premieres October 24 at 9 p.m. ET.
What do you think about Brown’s recent engagement news? Sound off in the comments section below.
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n