EXCLUSIVE VIDEO: In The Closet With Sexy Slovakian TWIINS/n
The super sexy Slovakian pop duo Twiins is well on its way to super stardom with the catchy hit ‘Boys, Boys, Boys,’ quickly climbing the music charts.  The 24-year-old real life twin sisters are already basking in the success of their newly found fame, but found time to let RadarOnline.com‘s Katie Krause inside the shared closet of their Los Angeles home to get the scoop on their sexy & sparkly style.PHOTOS: Bikini Wars! Sexy Songbirds Battle It Out On The Beach
Picking out matching tan & white long pleated evening gowns, the flawlessly faced starlets revealed that Daniela has been married for four months.
PHOTOS: Bikini Wars! Catwalk Crawlers Claw It Out
“This dress I wore to Daniela’s wedding,” quipped Veronika coyly.
Crediting a Czechoslovakian for designing their glitter adorned and sultry costumes, the perky Twiins showed off a navy blue crystal embellished baby-doll mini that was worn in a recent photo shoot.
PHOTOS: Bikini Brides
“It’s from a Czech designer and it’s really heavy because it’s made with crystals,” explained Daniela.
Their glitzy, glamorous & sparkly attire is no accident, and they are proud to shine wherever they go.
PHOTOS: Get The Fashion Week Look For (A Lot!) Less
“I love glittery tops, I just think they are super cool — especially on stage,” explained the tiny bombshell.
Off stage, the girls are all about showing off their sexy side, too.  “To go out or for a party – I like to wear a little black dress with heels,” admitted Veronika.
Embracing their sultry side, the girls revealed an unconventional place they shop for shoes.
“I bought these shoes in a sex shop, I just love the heel,” gushes Veronika over a pair of black & white plastic-heeled stilettos.
For more on these sexy sisters, head to their official Myspace page.
RELATED STORIES:EXCLUSIVE VIDEO: In The Closet With Brittany Curran
EXCLUSIVE VIDEO: In The Closet With One Tree Hill Babe Jana Kramer
EXCLUSIVE VIDEO: In The Closet With Sofia Milos
EXCLUSIVE VIDEO: In The Closet With Dexter Star Julie Benz /n