Miss Universe Sex Tape! Clinton Gal CAUGHT In X-Rated Video/n
Donald Trump called Alicia Machado “Miss Piggy,” but he might have called her “Miss X-Rated!” RadarOnline.com has learned that she was accused of being CAUGHT on camera having sex!
In 2005, the former beauty queen appeared on a Spanish reality TV show called La Granja VIP, which translates to The VIP Farm. The show brought celebrity participants together and had them work as farmers, a far cry from their posh lifestyles. And Machado quickly found a way to stand out from her castmates.
On one episode, Machado and costar Fernando Acaso were caught having sex on camera, PeopleenEspanol.com reported. According to reports, they knew the camera were rolling but continued their raunchy romp. At one point, Machado could be heard saying, “You have an amazing d**k!”
PHOTOS: Donald Trump Sweeps, Hillary Clinton Slams—The Biggest Moments From Last Night
What’s more, their costars Maria Isabel Ruiz (Miss Spain 2004) and music producer Dani DJ were shown in the same room, apparently having sex at the same time!
Machado had been engaged to baseball player Bobby Abreu before entering the show, but he dumped her very publicly not long after.
Hillary Clinton left all of that out of Machado’s biography, when she brought her up at the first presidential debate.
PHOTOS: EXPOSED! Malik Obama Campaigning For Donald Trump After Announcing Endorsement
Clinton reminded viewers that Trump once called the former Miss Universe “Miss Piggy” and “Miss Housekeeping,” demanding she lose weight. Trump then doubled down on his alleged comments the next day, saying “I know that person, she was a Miss Universe person and she was the worst we ever had — the worst, the absolute worst.” He added, “She was the winner and she gained a massive amount of weight, and it was a real problem.”
As Radar reported, Machado also was named in an attempted murder case 20 years ago, although she was exonerated from any involvement.
Does Hillary know? Watch the X-rated footage above!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n