‘Hamilton’ Takes On Trump: See Lin-Manuel Miranda’s Gritty New Video For ‘Immigrants (We Get The Job Done)’/n

A version of this article originally appeared on EW.com
On the same day President Donald Trump yet again lashed out against undocumented immigrants, Lin-Manuel Miranda debuted the new music video for the Hamilton Mixtape track, “Immigrants (We Get the Job Done).”
Riz Ahmed is heavily featured in the video, which Miranda debuted on the TODAY show Wednesday morning. The Night Of and Rogue One actor emerges from the shadows of a New York City subway car as the visuals focus on a frightened father and son amid the rubble of an attack.
“Ay yo aye, immigrants we don’t like that/ Na they don’t play, British empire strikes back/ They beating us like 808’s and high hats/ At our own game of invasion, but this ain’t Iraq,” Ahmed (as Riz MC) raps. “Who these ‘fugees? What did they do for me/ But contribute new dreams/ Taxes and tools, swagger and food to eat?/ Cool, they flee war zones, but the problem ain’t ours/ Even if our bombs landed on them like the Mayflower.”
The video begins with a group of immigrants from various countries listening to a news report over the radio about “border security,” while the anchor says, “It’s really astonishing that in a country founded by immigrants, ‘immigrant’ has somehow become a bad word.” As the beat drops, the footage turns to a sweat shop of immigrant workers sewing together American flags, bleeding into shots of “America’s ghostwriters” working blue-collar jobs.
“Immigrants” was directed by Tomás Whitmore and executive produced by Miranda and Robert Rodriguez. K’naan, Snow Tha Product, and Residente of Calle 13 are also featured performers.
FROM PEN: George W. Bush on Donald Trump: ‘I Don’t Like the Racism and I Don’t Like the Name Calling’

In support of the Immigrants: We Get The Job Done Coalition, an immigration-focused non-profit alliance in the U.S., a sweepstakes with Prizeo.com was announced. Fans can donate as little as $10 and enter to win a trip to the Los Angeles opening of Hamilton, its after-party, and a meet-and-greet with Miranda.
The Hamilton creator is also urging fans to donate to the coalition through a #Ham4All challenge, with help from Stephen and Ayesha Curry. Hamilton-ians can donate and spread the word by singing their favorite song from the Tony-winning Broadway production and challenging others to do the same.
On Wednesday, Trump hosted the families of victims of crimes committed by undocumented immigrants at the White House. It was done as part of an effort to put pressure on Republicans in the House to pass legislation targeting so-called sanctuary cities.
“You lost the people that you love because our government refused to enforce our nation’s immigration laws and that’s including the existing immigration laws,” Trump said.
This article originally appeared on Ew.com
/n