 ‘Separated!’ Tamra Judge Finally Reveals The Truth About Estrangement From Daughter.../n
Tamra Judge reunited with Sidney Barney at her high school graduation, but the mother/daughter duo is still at war, RadarOnline.com has learned.
Tamra, 49, appeared on Heather McDonald’s Juicy Scoop podcast and revealed that Sidney, 18, still refuses to live with her!
She confirmed that Spencer, 17, still lives with her full-time, and calls her new husband Eddie Judge “dad.” Sophia, 11, still goes back and forth between Tamra and Simon Barney.
Eddie, 44, even shared the Father’s Day card the high school picked out for him on Instagram.





 It's official… the kids love me! It's not just the card but the fact that Spencer went out of his way to pick this card out that melts my heart. I'm a lucky man and even luckier to have such great kiddos! Or as Spencer would put it "substitute kids" lol… love these moments…
A post shared by Eddie Judge (@eddiejudge) on Jun 18, 2017 at 2:02pm PDT



“It’s been a long and difficult journey, it truly has,” Tamra said of mending her relationship with Sidney. “But, we are talking and we’ve done some family dinners together and we are working towards the future and I’m happy about it. I talk a little bit about it on the show but I try not go give too much energy about it on the show because it’s such a sensitive subject.”
She also revealed that she is going to be in a documentary about divorce and parental alienation because of her own experience, saying: “My family was totally separated….it destroys families.”
PHOTOS: Monster Mom Strikes Again? Tamra Judge EXPLODES Over Estranged Daughter
Tamra and Sidney have been estranged since she split from Simon, 51, in 2011. She revealed that they reconciled briefly after the season 11 reunion, but their happiness was short lived.
Stay with Radar for more.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n