Barack and Michelle Obama Enjoy Luxury Vacation/n
Former President Barack Obama and wife Michelle are touring beautiful rice fields in Bali during a high-priced luxury vacation.
The political pair knows how to do it up big and are staying at the Four Seasons Resort Bali at Sayan, Ubud, where villas cost more than $2,500 a night according to the Daily Mail.
The couple’s daughters Sasha and Malia flew to Bali with them on Friday night on a private jet, and they all promptly vanished into the resort.
PHOTOS: Kensington Palace Aide Hides N Word Painting Before The Obamas Visit
But onlookers soon saw the family, without Malia, taking a walk through the lush, green Jatiluwih rice terrace area.
The ex-President looked casual in a blue polo shirt and Michelle was similarly low key, donning a baseball cap and vest. Photographers spotted Sasha, 16, out the outing, but Malia was MIA, apparently having stayed at the resort.
As Radar has reported, sources say Michelle and Malia have fought over the girl’s alleged partying ways.
PHOTOS: Obama, Biden & Broadway! 7 Shocking Moments From The DNC’s 3rd Night
Barack, who lived in Indonesia in the 1960s, is later scheduled to travel to the island of Java to speak at a political conference there.
It was like old home week for the former President as his mother Ann Dunham‘s second husband, Lolo Soetoro, was from Indonesia.
Barack has been on a travel tear lately as last week he was seen in Hawaii, where he was born and he visited his half-sister, who continued on with the family to Bali.
Since leaving the White House, the Obamas have toured Palm Springs and Richard Branson‘s Necker Island.
PHOTOS: Life Without Joe: Teresa Parties At A Wedding & Melissa Vacations
Barack also has flown to Tahiti on a private jet, staying at the luxury resort named The Brando after late actor Marlon, who had lived in French Polynesia.
Insiders say the ex-President worked on his $60 million memoirs in Tahiti.
Now, Indonesia is the Obamas’ new playground and they are being protected by oodles of soldiers and police officers.
At the Four Seasons in Bali, they are living in villas with a private pool and a spacious sun terrace overlooking the rice fields, according to reports. The resort also offers yoga classes and river raft rides which the Obamas are sure to try.
PHOTOS: Tropical Taunts! ‘Severely Heartbroken’ Jenelle Evans Shares Bikini Snaps From Vacation, Is She Single Again?
Barack is planning to visit Yogyakarta, where his late mother did anthropological research. Then he’ll give the keynote speech at the Indonesian Diaspora Congress, beginning on July 1.
Although Barack and Michelle have a house waiting for them in Washington, D.C., and a Democratic party more than ready to welcome them back, it seems right now they would rather travel the globe!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n