Emma Watson Doesn’t Want to Take Selfies with You Anymore/n





                    Emma Watson Responds to 'Feminazi' Criticism
                







Hermione remains unbothered.

 MORE >>










                    Emma Watson's Table Read for 'Beauty and the Beast' Will Give You Chills
                







Belle is in safe hands.

 MORE >>





Sorry, Emma Watson is over fan photos.

In a cover story with Vanity Fair, the Beauty and the Beast star revealed she stopped taking selfies with followers in order to protect her privacy. Though she’ll stop for a chat or an autograph, the 26-year-old decided to put an end to pictures when she realized people could track her down using the geotags.
“For me, it’s the difference between being able to have a life and not. If someone takes a photograph of me and posts it, within two seconds they’ve created a marker of exactly where I am within 10 meters,” she explained. “They can see what I’m wearing and who I’m with. I just can’t give that tracking data.”
Watson continued, “I’ll say, ‘I will sit here and answer every single Harry Potter fandom question you have, but I just can’t do a picture.'”


Emma Watson Cries at 'Harry Potter' Premiere








































7 Photos »


The actress, who’s been in the spotlight since nabbing the role of Hermione in the fantasy franchise, added that she will make an exception if you’re a child. “I have to carefully pick and choose my moment to interact,” she shared. “When am I a celebrity sighting versus when am I going to make someone’s freakin’ week? Children I don’t say no to, for example.”
Having learned to deal with the press, Watson said she applies the same logic to interviews. While she’ll be happy to talk about whatever she’s promoting, she will not talk about her love life—especially her relationship with boyfriend William “Mack” Knight.
“I want to be consistent: I can’t talk about my boyfriend in an interview and then expect people not to take paparazzi pictures of me walking around outside my home. You can’t have it both ways,” Watson argued. “I’ve noticed, in Hollywood, who you’re dating gets tied up into your film promotion and becomes part of the performance and the circus. I would hate anyone that I were with to feel like they were in any way part of a show or an act.”





CREDIT: Tim Walker.


According to the British starlet, she even thought about giving up acting for good when enrolled at Brown University in 2009. Having grown up in front of the camera, Watson admitted that her stardom became overwhelming and made her question her career choice.
“I was finding this fame thing was getting to a point of no return,” she recalled. “I sensed if this was something I was ever going to step away from it was now or never.”
“I’ve been doing this since I was 10 or 11, and I’ve often thought, I’m so wrong for this job because I’m too serious; I’m a pain in the ass; I’m difficult; I don’t fit,” Watson said. “But as I’ve got older, I’ve realized, No! Taking on those battles, the smaller ones and the bigger ones, is who I am.”


Emma Watson looks like a princess at the 'Beauty and the Beast' Premiere








































8 Photos »


/n