Caitlyn Jenner Claims Ellen DeGeneres ‘Alienated’ Her from LGBTQ Community/n





                    Caitlyn Jenner Recalls the Time She Contemplated Suicide
                







Caitlyn Jenner admits she once contemplated suicide.

 MORE >>










                    Caitlyn Jenner Reveals She's Undergone Sex Reassignment Surgery
                







"So all of you can stop staring."

 MORE >>





Caitlyn Jenner is still reeling from her last interaction with Ellen DeGeneres.

In her upcoming memoir, The Secrets of My Life, the Olympian accuses the talk show host of alienating her from the LGBTQ community when DeGeneres called out Jenner for sending out a “really confusing” message about acceptance.
As reported, Jenner admitted she was previously “not for” same-sex marriage during her appearance on Ellen two years ago, leading the comedienne to question how could she expect people to accept her transition when the Olympian herself would deny gay couples the right to marry. Later on The Howard Stern Show, DeGeneres spoke out about Jenner again, claiming the I Am Cait star still “had a judgement” against gay people.
“I believed, as anyone would, that that was exactly what she wanted to talk about my progression in terms of changing attitude over the years,” Jenner recalled in her book, according to an excerpt obtained by Radar Online.





“This discussion further alienated me from members of the LGBTQ community,” she continued. “Ellen’s appearance on The Howard Stern Show, where in my mind she even more emphatically took what I said out of context, made it go viral.”
During her 2015 sit-down with DeGeneres, Jenner — a staunch Republican who recently revealed she had underwent a sex reassignment surgery to become a woman — said she didn’t initially believe in gay marriage because she was a “traditionalist.” She explained at the time, “I like tradition and it’s always been between a man and a woman and I’m thinking I don’t quite get it … If that word marriage is really, really that important to you, I can go with it.”
The comment then prompted DeGeneres to quip, “It’s funny ’cause you’re still kind of a little not on board with it.”





/n