Passages/n
ACCIDENT
Actress Sandra Bullock, 43, and her husband, Monster Garage host Jesse James, 39, walked away unharmed after their chauffeured SUV was struck by a drunk driver in Gloucester, Mass., April 18. Bullock, who is filming the movie The Proposal in the area, and James were hit by Lucile P. Gatchell, 64, who was arrested after blowing a .20 on a Breathalyzer, 2 1/2 times the legal limit, according to the police report. “They were shaken up,” a police lieutenant said, adding they weren’t hurt but “Jesse and Sandra were hugging.” Gatchell pleaded not guilty April 22 after being charged with DUI and is due in court for a pretrial hearing June 6.
UPDATE
Singer Beyoncé, 26, and rapper Jay-Z, 38, who tied the knot in New York City April 4, filed their signed wedding license April 18.
RECOVERING
Scottish actor Ewan McGregor, 37, revealed April 22 that he had a cancerous mole removed just below his right eye. “You have to be careful if you’re pale-skinned and spend any time in the sun,” McGregor said. Asked if he found the experience frightening, he replied sarcastically, “It was great. I really enjoyed it.”
RELEASED
Rapper Foxy Brown, 29, left Rikers Island jail in New York City April 18 after serving eight months of a one-year sentence for probation violations—including hitting a neighbor with a BlackBerry—stemming from a 2004 incident where she assaulted two manicurists at a Manhattan salon.
LEGAL MATTERS
Bon Jovi guitarist Richie Sambora, 48, was sentenced April 22 to three years probation and ordered to complete three months of alcohol awareness classes after pleading guilty to DUI. He was pulled over March 25 while driving with his daughter Ava, 10, and girlfriend, stylist Jenn Mallini, 32, and arrested in Laguna Beach, Calif. Prosecutors did not pursue a charge of child endangerment. • CNN anchor Richard Quest, 46, was arrested for loitering and possession of a controlled substance in New York City’s Central Park April 18. While being searched by police, the British reporter confessed, “I’ve got some meth in my pocket.” His lawyer said, “Mr. Quest did not realize that the park had a curfew.” At Quest’s arraignment, a judge told him his case will be dismissed if he receives counseling for the next six months.
/n