Hubby From Hell! '90 Day Fiance' Star Danielle BLASTS Ex Mohamed Over Eviction Drama/n
Danielle Mullins has accused her estranged husband Mohamed Jbali of infidelity, fraud and abuse – but his husband from hell behavior doesn’t end there! In bombshell annulment papers exclusively obtained by RadarOnline.com, the 90 Day Fiancé star is blasting her ex for using her for a green card, trying to get her evicted and other shocking claims.
In annulment papers obtained from the Erie County Common Pleas Court, Danielle claims Mohamed told her he was not interested in obtaining a Green Card in the United States in the beginning of their relationship. But that all changed once they tied the knot.
“On the day of our wedding, Mohamed visited a lawyer to inquire how quickly he could obtain his Green Card,” she wrote. “I have since learned that obtaining a green card was always foremost in Mohamed’s mind.”
Soon after their marriage, Danielle noticed “odd behavior” from Mohamed.
PHOTOS: Newly Married Janice Dickinson Looks Upbeat After Wedding Controversial Fiancé
“He seemed to believe that marriage did not alter his status in any way and that he was free to ‘go where I want and do what I want,'” she wrote. “He would disappear when he felt like doing so an not tell me where he was, who he was with or what he was doing.”
Although he got a job in December 2014, he showed no desire to have a successful career. This forced Danielle to be the sole breadwinner for their family.
“To date, I had paid for everything,” she explained. “His plane ticket to the U.S.; the costs of the Immigration application, special halal food for his diet, room and board, his internet and cell phone service, etc.”
With Mohamed fighting with Danielle and her children frequently, he blamed them for their unhappiness.
“I was cut off from my extended family and from anyone who did not support Mohamed,” she wrote.
Their marriage hit a breaking point when he asked their landlord to remove her name from their apartment lease without telling her.
“The landlord contacted me and told me that this would result in eviction proceedings against me and my children,” she said. “I asked Mohamed how he would feel if my child and I became homeless and he stated that he didn’t care.”
Mohamed then moved out without telling her, as he didn’t even leave a forwarding address.
PHOTOS: So Cheeky! Maria Menounos & Fiancé Get Frisky On The Beach
As Radar previously reported, Danielle also accused her ex of infidelity in the annulment papers.
“He had several Facebook pages but denied using them as a way to solicit money from various women,” Danielle wrote in her complaint. “Mohamed took several trips without me to New York, South Carolina, Atlantic City and Las Vegas. He denied meeting other women on those trips and insisted that they were for various job interviews. None of the trips resulted in a job.”
Mohamed denied her claims in his response to the annulment.
“I gave the marriage many chances but Danielle Jbali gave me many reasons to believe that the marriage is going to cause myself mental and physical harm. That is why I decided to leave,” he responded. “There was more drama than what myself can handle. Also there were so many lies from Danielle Jbali and much more.”
The reality stars will face off in court on March 22, 2017.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n