Jay Z Skips Songwriters Hall of Fame Awards Amid Rumors About Beyoncé in Labor/n





                    The Beyhive Think Beyoncé Is in Labor
                







What's the buzz? 

 MORE >>





Jay Z missed out on celebrating a milestone for the arrival of his twins.

Amid speculations that Beyoncé is in labor, the rapper skipped his appearance at the 48th Annual Songwriters Hall Of Fame Induction and Awards in New York City, where he was set to accept the honor of being the first rapper to be inducted into the Songwriters Hall.
Instead of showing up at the star-studded event, the 47-year-old opted to share a lengthy Twitter message thanking more than 50 rappers for their contributions to the music industry.

Thank you, this way
— Mr. Carter (@S_C_) June 16, 2017

“Thank you to all the people that have inspired me,” he tweeted Thursday night. “Rakim KANE KRS chuck cube Jaz Em Andre Nas big PAC cole kendrick chance jayE…wait, Lauryn Nicki lite latifah common ye drake and meek. Run caz LL chainz cam tip (both of them) thought pharaoh, face. De la. Ice T. Wait. G Rap. Mel. Kurupt. Lox. X. Q. Ab lupe. Mos. Foxy. Boss . Ross. Quavo Future Travis too many f**k this. All you!T grizzley song best out.”
He continued, “S**t did I say redman ? Ghost and Rae . Wu tang I beat Genius in a rap battle I think ha . Busta (him too) Treach . Thug . B a rapper too! S**t …Wayne , Juve BG Nipsey . Kim . Slaughterhouse (yes mouse too ha) Folarin MC eiht . Short . 40 . Mac dre this shit hard .Never mind. Somebody find that reply I just hit please . I’m new on this . Anyway salute to anybody who made a song to feed their family or just vent. F**k ..50 cent big L sho ag nice and smooth Joe and pun. diggable butterfly esp…beanie young chris freeway SP okay for real this time.”

And the greatest rapper of all time OBAMA . Thank you 44 https://t.co/CueS0BynCj
— Mr. Carter (@S_C_) June 16, 2017


“F**k haa. Naw for real. Pastor Jeezy my partner. Okay I’m done. I’m deleting this app in the morning. S**t is impossible to get right. I promise I’m not drunk,” he added. “Lord Pusha. Carti (Magnolia incredible)ASAP Sean P, Mobb, cudi. Tyler, earl, Snoop!!( almost played myself). Wait. Slick f**king Rick. Pimp C and bun. Wow. I just realized how many fresh people the culture has. Big Sean. Sauce money. Too many..Fab, black people really magic. Mac Miller nice too though.”
Hova also shared a video from former President Barack Obama giving shout out to all the honorees of the night. “Jay and I are also fools for our daughters although he’s going to have me beat once those two twins show up,” the ex-Commander-in-Chief said. “Jay you have been inspiring in making me want to be active in my retirement just like you’ve been in yours.”



A post shared by Tina Knowles (@mstinalawson) on Jun 14, 2017 at 4:05pm PDT



However, Jay wasn’t the only one staying put in the Los Angeles area for the arrival of the twins. Beyoncé’s mom, Tina Knowles, was recently spotted spending the day at Disneyland in Anaheim, Calif. — which is just a less than an hour drive away from the hospital where the “Hold Up” singer is rumored to be staying.
Meanwhile, Solange and her husband, Alan Ferguson, were seen out and about in West Hollywood. The couple grabbed a bite to eat before taking a small stroll around the block.
It looks like we’re not the only ones on Bey watch these days!





CREDIT: BACKGRID


/n