Ann Coulter Rages At Delta For Booting Her From Reserved Airplane Seat/n
Amazonian conservative firebrand Ann Coulter raged against Delta Airlines after their personnel kicked her out of a special seat she said she had reserved.
The six foot tall, right-leaning TV commentator and author, 55, took to Twitter on Saturday to complain that she’d been booted from her reserved “comfort” seat which comes with an extra three inches of leg room. The seat was given to another female passenger, according to Coulter.
She wrote, “Suckiest @Delta moved me from my PRE-BOOKED SEAT & gave it to some woman, not elderly, child, or sick. I have pictures so don’t lie, @Delta!”
PHOTOS: So Chilling! See Where Roger Ailes Collapsed Before His Death

Suckiest @Delta moved me from my PRE-BOOKED SEAT & gave it to some woman, not elderly, child, or sick. I have pictures so don’t lie, @Delta!
— Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) July 16, 2017

As part of her two-hour tweet tantrum, Coulter said she asked a flight attendant, “Why are you taking me out of the extra room seat I specifically booked?”
According to Coulter, the attendant said, “I don’t know.”
Coulter tweeted a photo of the woman who allegedly wound up in her aisle seat on the flight from New York to Florida, and writing, “Delta didn’t give my extra room seat to an air marshal or tall person.'”
PHOTOS: ‘Terribly Sad’: Celebrities & Colleagues React To Roger Ailes’ Sudden Death
Coulter wondered on Twitter why it was an emergency “to move someone else into the seat I had carefully chosen in advance and booked?”
She also snarked, “So glad I took time investigate the aircraft & PRE-BOOK a specific seat on @Delta, so some woman could waltz at the last min & take my seat.”
A Delta spokesman said it appeared Coulter was in the same extra-room row, just in a different seat, but the company was looking into the situation, according to reports.
But even on Sunday, Coulter didn’t stop tweeting about the incident, writing, “Suck-ass @Delta spends all this $$$ on beautiful aircraft & then hire Nurse Ratchets as flight attendants & gate agents.”
She also tweeted, Delta training is “inducing normal ppl to brutally torture fellow man.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n