Channing Tatum and Joseph Gordon-Levitt Will Star in R-Rated Musical Comedy We know Joseph Gordon-Levitt can sing, we know that Channing Tatum can dance and now we know they're taking their talents to the silver screen in a brand new mu.../n
We know Joseph Gordon-Levitt can sing, we know that Channing Tatum can dance and now we know they're taking their talents to the silver screen in a brand new musical comedy. Pinch us because we must be dreaming! Fresh off the heels of his highly anticipated tap dancing in Hail, Caesar!, the Magic Mike star has been confirmed to join forces with his longtime Hollywood pal in a new untitled Universal film, as first reported by The Hollywood Reporter. The actors will also have producing credits alongside Wicked Broadway producer Marc Platt as well as Adam Siegel. As for the film's future title and plot line, Michael Bacall is slated to craft the R-rated script.While little is currently concrete about the mystery project, it has been revealed that the gentlemen will star in a picture about two pilots on a "misadventure."

The fellow stars are certainly not camera-shy about flaunting their musical talents. Last month, Tatum flustered America with a perfect recreation of Beyoncé's "Run The World (Girls)" music video alongside the legend herself for Lip Sync Battle. Of course, there are also his endlessly smooth moves from Step Up and Magic Mike to prove his dance floor finesse. As for Mr. Gordon-Levitt, he may not always flaunt them, but we've gotten a tease of his pipes in (500) Days of Summer when he drunkenly belted out the The Pixies' "Here Comes Your Man."It seems it was all mounting practice to make their mutual dream come true. "[He] and I have been friends since I got to town 13 years ago, and we're going to eventually land on something together, because we've talked about it too long for it not to happen," Tatum told Vulture in late January. "He's one of the most creative people I know, and I don't think there's anybody besides him I would think about doing it with."Cue the music: you've got a friend in me...
/n