PHOTOS: The Best, Worst & Wackiest Fashions Of The Weekend/n
From the red carpets of the swankest events to the streets of the world, stars stepped out dressed to rock and shock — and RadarOnline.com has all the photos in our weekend roundup.
PHOTOS: Stars In The Best, Worst & Wackiest Fashions Of The Weekend
Halle Berry has one of the hottest bodies in Hollywood and isn’t afraid to show it off in sexy style!  The bigscreen bombshell hit Muhammad Ali’s Celebrity Fight Night in Phoenix, dressing her curves in a royal blue Rachel Roy pencil dress, which she paired with t-strap heeled sandals, scoring herself the best look of the weekend.
PHOTOS: Bikinis! The Sexiest Single Moms In Hollywood
Leona Lewis has been all about designing her own duds in recent months, hitting the 25th Anniversary Genesis Awards in Los Angeles in the worst yet.The Brit crooner horsed around in an eccentric equestrian themed number, which even featured a hairy mane!  Other guests at the charitable event included Kristin Davis, who looked pretty in a hot pink Oscar de la Renta and Stephanie Pratt, who looked fem and fab in a Marc Bouwer strapless.
PHOTOS: Bikini Wars! Sexy Songbirds Battle It Out On The Beach
And Padma Lakshmi upped the wacky factor at the 3rd Annual Blossom Ball in New York, barely covering her body in a colorful sari.
PHOTOS: Hollywood’s Hottest Divorcees Bare All In Their Bikinis
Khloe showed off her Kardashian curves at her little bro’s 24th Sin City birthday, leaving little to the imagination in an Alexander McQueen number, while Sonja Morgan looked red hot at the GLAAD Media Awards, wearing a one-shoulder Lorena Sarbu couture gown with a gold hammered belt.
PHOTOS: Celebrity Engagement Rings!
Katy Perry took a little time out of her busy European tour to have a little fun in fabulous fashion. The sassy songbird celebrated her assistant’s 30th birthday in London wearing a Jenny Packham embellished gown with Sergio Rossi heels and tons of Chanel bangles and cuffs, finishing the look off with a Chanel bag. One of Katy’s pals tells RadarOnline.com that the beautiful brunette can’t get enough of Chanel!
PHOTOS: Bikinis! The Best Legs On The Beach
Who else rocked and shocked over the weekend? Click here to find out. /n