Charlie Hunnam: Robert Pattinson Barely Spoke to Me on ‘Lost City of Z’ Set/n





                    Charlie Hunnam's Workout Includes Having a Lot of Sex
                







I volunteer as tribute!

 MORE >>










                    Charlie Hunnam Actually Really Hates Filming Sex Scenes
                







Sorry!

 MORE >>





Unlike Ryan Reynolds and Jake Gyllenhaal, whose onscreen bromance became the ultimate #FriendshipGoals, Charlie Hunnam got an icy welcome from co-star Robert Pattinson when he first arrived on set.

According to the Sons of Anarchy alum, he barely spoke to the former Twilight star when they worked together on their upcoming movie, The Lost City of Z.
“I had a couple of rehearsal sessions with Sienna [Miller], but I didn’t spend any time with Tom [Holland] or Robert,” he told Screen Daily while promoting the film at the Berlin Film Festival. “I wanted these relationships to evolve naturally on screen, through the work. I don’t think I said more than ten words to Robert off camera.”
“I didn’t know if he was just ‘in that zone’ or if he genuinely didn’t like me,” the 36-year-old continued. “There was a real distance between us.”


the best Hollywood Bromances








































12 Photos »


Though the two do share screen time, Hunnam added Pattinson only started initiating contact when production had wrapped. “He’s reached out to me subsequently, making overtures for us to be friends now,” he shared, “so I think it was about the work.”
However, it wasn’t all Pattinson’s fault. Hunnam also admitted to isolating himself in order to get into character for the film, which centers around a group of 1920s explorers who get lost in the Amazon.
“I wanted to be away from everybody, in a scaled back version of living as much as possible. They found this tiny hotel for me that was basically like little huts in the jungle where I could be by myself,” he recalled. “I was so engaged in this process of no emails, no phone — I didn’t speak to the rest of the outside world during the duration of the shooting. When we started shooting the explorations, the others wanted to stay in my hotel, but I couldn’t break the [silent] spell. I just avoided them in the lunch room.”
Based on the 2009 book of the same name, The Lost City of Z is due out in theaters April 14.





/n