All of the Celebrity Babies that Were Born in 2016/n





                    Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher Welcome a Baby Boy
                







Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher's family just got a little bigger!The couple has welcomed their second child

 MORE >>





Hollywood got a whole lot bigger this year!
Not to mention, our Instagram feeds got way cuter too. First-time parents Chrissy Teigen and John Legend love to share pics of their daughter Luna, but she doesn’t yet have her own Instagram account yet, like Michael and Nicole Phelps’ son Boomer does.



I loved going in the pool today with @nicole.m.johnson (mommy) and @m_phelps00 (daddy) today! Can’t wait til I get to learn to swim from daddy and @coach_bowman !
A photo posted by boomer phelps (@boomerrphelps) on Jul 6, 2016 at 11:44am PDT



 
One Direction singer Louis Tomlinson also loves posting cute pics with newborn son Freddie. Rob Kardashian and his fiancée Blac Chyna are consistent with posting photos of their first child, Dream, on Instagram as well.


	2016 AMA's: Chrissy Teigen Flaunts Major Skin with John Legend








































7 Photos »


Two Victoria’s Secret supermodels, Candice Swanepoel and Behati Prinsloo became first-time moms this year. Swanepoel welcomed her newborn son Anacã with fiancé Herman Nicoli after they’ve been together for over ten years. Prinsloo gave birth to her daughter Dusty Rose with husband and The Voice coach, Adam Levine. 


Inside Adam Levine and Behati Prinsloo's $15.95 Million Home








































12 Photos »


Other celebrities kept the details of their pregnancies top secret. Eva Mendes and Ryan Gosling welcomed their second child, Amada Lee Gosling, into the world on April 29, but the birth of their daughter was not announced until two weeks later. Gilmore Girls star Alexis Bledel and husband Vincent Kartheiser welcomed a baby boy last fall, but news of their baby was not revealed until Bledel’s Gilmore Girls co-star Scott Patterson let word slip in an interview in May.
Click through the gallery below to see all the couples that welcomed new additions into their families this year!


Celebrity Babies of 2016








































45 Photos »


/n