Just Trailers: ‘Luke Cage,’ ‘Bad Santa 2’ and ‘Arrival’ /n





                    Brie Larson Is Officially 'Captain Marvel'
                







Brie Larson is officially confirmed to take on the role.

 MORE >>





Take a minute and check out all the newest trailers!

Okay, okay, this summer has had its fair share of disappointments at the multiplex, but hope springs eternal! And besides, we know there’s plenty of good TV out there regardless! So, if you’re not excited for the fall, these trailers for Marvel’s Luke Cage, Bad Santa 2 and Arrival should to the trick!

Marvel’s Luke Cage
Netflix is now just one month away from dropping their next Marvel series, adding to an already impressive lineup including Daredevil and Marvel’s Jessica Jones. The latest trailer shows Cage (Mike Colter) coming to terms with both his super-human abilities and what he must do to stop the crime that is poisoning Harlem.





Marvel’s Luke Cage arrives on Sept. 30, 2016.

Bad Santa 2
Willie T. Soke (Billy Bob Thornton) is back and he’s as vulgar and unrepentant as ever. In the film’s red band trailer, the unkempt mall Santa meets with his onetime partner in crime Marcus (Tony Cox) to discuss a new job. Naturally, it gets pretty racist pretty quick. The trailer also teases more of the debauchery and depravity fans of the original enjoyed. Fair warning: extremely NSFW.





Bad Santa 2 stumbles into theaters Nov. 23, 2016.


'Jessica Jones' Star Krysten Ritter Looks Flawless at Netflix Launch in Spain	


































5 Photos »


Arrival
Director Denis Villeneuve captured critics and viewers’ attention last year with the razor-sharp thriller Sicario. Now he’s back with an ominous film starring Jeremy Renner, Forest Whitaker and Amy Ryan as a linguist enlisted to attempt to communicate with the inhabitants of mysterious egg-shaped ships that have inexplicably arrived on Earth.





Arrival touches down Nov. 11, 2016.

Resident Evil: The Final Chapter
We can safely assume that this is going to be the final installment in the Resident Evil series, judging by the title, and the film’s creators appear determined to end it with a bang. The teaser trailer makes good use of Guns N Roses’ “Welcome to the Jungle” as Alice (Milla Jovovich) is forced to return to Raccoon City to stop Umbrella Corporation once and for all.





Resident Evil: The Final Chapter comes out Jan. 27, 2017.


Check Out the First Photos from Netflix's 'Gilmore Girls' Reboot








































7 Photos »


/n