Rod Stewart And Hot Young Wife Penny Lancaster Renew Wedding Vows/n
“Do Ya Think I’m Sexy?”
For Rod Stewart and his much younger third wife Penny Lancaster, the answer is yes!
The two just renewed their wedding vows after ten years of marriage at their home in England.
The rocker, 72, and Lancaster, 46, shared the ceremony, which took place under an old birch tree, with HELLO magazine.
Stewart and Lancaster both looked “Forever Young,” as his song goes, with the groom in a natty white suit while the bride donned a strapless white gown.
PHOTOS: Rod Stewart And Wife Penny Lancaster Strip Down In Cannes
Stewart’s 45-acre property was filled with love for the event, as his sons with Lancaster, Aiden, 6, and Alastair, 11, plus Stewart’s daughters Renée, 25, and Kimberly, 37, his sons Liam, 22, and Sean, 36, as well as Kimberly’s daughter Deliah, 5 ½, looked on during the vow renewal.
Rockin’ Rod has been a prolific father—with a total of eight kids!
Stewart’s former Faces bandmate Ronnie Wood and and his wife Sally were amongst the guests.
PHOTOS: Even MORE Hollywood Cheapskates! 13 Celebs Who Don’t Flash The Cash Even Though They’re Worth Million$
Lancaster’s puppy Bubbles reportedly “walked” her up the aisle and sat at her feet during the ceremony.
“Penny is my whole world. What a girl,” Stewart told HELLO!
“Love means many things to many people but to me, it’s wanting to share everything with the one you love and I love Penny more now than ever, if that is at all possible.”
PHOTOS: Gwen Stefani & Blake Shelton’s Wedding Shocker
Stewart added, “It was a beautifully romantic thing to do. We’re not proving anything, just sharing our love with our friends and family.”
The couple got married in June 2007 in front of 100 guests just outside of Portofino, Italy, in a cloistered medieval abbey, followed by a reception of dancing, fireworks and food.
The vow renewal was much more homey and intimate, according to HELLO.
PHOTOS: Life Without Joe: Teresa Parties At A Wedding & Melissa Vacations
“This felt more special,” Lancaster said. “You get married with the hope that you’ll be together. When we renewed our vows, we said them not with just hope but with a reassurance.
“On our wedding day 10 years ago,, everything was a blur apart from Rod and [me],” she told HELLO! “All I could see was him. This time I was very present. I could look around at all the people we love and cherish, and hold onto that moment.”
As Radar has reported, amongst other things, Stewart and his former model and TV personality wife are close companions, enjoying fun in the sun vacations. Recently, they were seen stripping down to their bathing suits in Cannes!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n