Mourning Madonna Badger ‘Trying To Find Peace,’ Says Family Member/n
By Debbie Emery – Radar Reporter
The memorial for Madonna Badger‘s three children and their grandparents is giving a small degree of closure to the mourning mother, RadarOnline.com has learned.
“It is a heartbreaking thing,” a family member exclusively told RadarOnline.com, the day after the multiple funeral service. 
“I hope that she has found some peace. Maybe this can help bring some closure.”
PHOTOS: Madonna Badger’s Home is Demolished
As RadarOnline.com previously reported, the New York fashion executive sobbed at a service held at the St. Thomas Episcopal Church on Fifth Avenue in Manhattan as she remembered her daughters who were the victims of a tragic Christmas Day fire.
Three tiny caskets topped with white and pink floral arrangements for her daughters Lily, 10, and twins Grace and Sarah, 7 were carried into the church.
PHOTOS: Madonna Badger Sobs At Daughters’ Funeral
Badger’s parents, Lomer, 71, and Pauline Johnson from Louisville, Kentucky, also perished in the blaze at her mansion in Stamford, Connecticut.
Madonna was supported at the funeral by her estranged husband, Matthew Badger, and a spokesperson for him told RadarOnline.com that it was “too soon to comment” on the devastating tragedy.
PHOTOS: Stars Who Died In Bizarre Ways 
The accident occurred after the prominent New York businesswoman, who created the iconic Calvin Klein underwear ad with Mark Wahlberg, had been wrapping gifts by the fireplace with friend Michael Borcina until around 3 am. They reportedly then loaded the embers from the fireplace into a bucket and left it in the foyer before going to bed.
Investigators believe that is where the blaze started in the $1.7 million Victorian home that Madonna only moved into last year.
PHOTOS: Celebrities We Lost In 2011
More than 500 mourners listened to Badger’s moving eulogy, where she described the loss of her “girl tribe” and thanked well wishers for support.
“In all the incomprehensible loss and chaos, all I can hang on to is that love is everything,” said Madonna.
PHOTOS: Celebs Who Died Young
Among the attendees were actor Philip Seymour Hoffman, fashion designers Calvin Klein and Vera Wang, and rocker Lou Reed.
Singer-songwriter Rufus Wainwright performed a haunting acappella version of Over the Rainbow during the service.
RELATED STORIES:
Madonna Badger Gives Heartbreaking Eulogy At Funeral For Daughters Killed In Christmas Day Fire
Chilling Firefighter Audio Tapes Released In Madonna Badger House Fire
Hard-Wired Smoke Alarms Not Hooked Up In Madonna Badger’s Home
Madonna Badger’s Three Kids & Parents Killed In Horrific Fire: Hear The 911 Call /n