Mama June Talks Child Molestation Scandal, Says She Doesn’t Have a Sex Life/n





                    Mama June: I'm Bisexual 
                







The 'Here Comes Honey Boo Boo' star says she's attracted to men and women. 

 MORE >>










                    Are Mama June and Sugar Bear Planning to Make a Porno?
                







Oh dear God. 

 MORE >>





Here comes a lot of things you wish you didn’t want to hear from Mama June.

The former Honey Boo Boo star, whose TLC show got axed after it was revealed that she was in a relationship with a convicted sex offender who had molested one of her children, recently opened up about the scandal that made her lose her job. Appearing on HuffPo Live, the 35-year-old said that she still talks to Anna “Chickadee” Cardwell, who was sexually abused by Mama June’s ex-boyfriend as a child, though their relationship is strained.
“”There’s not enough sorries in the world that you can tell her, and I told her that. But we have mended our relationship for the most part, even though she lives in Alabama,” Mama June said. “We don’t talk every day, but we do talk.”


Mama June and Sugar Bear's super classy commitment ceremony 








































13 Photos »


Despite currently being sued by Cardwell for allegedly withholding more than $201,000 in profits from their now-defunct series, the reality star added she feels she approached the situation correctly despite rumors that she had reconciled with her daughter’s molester.
“I don’t think I made any mistakes as far as handling the situation when it actually first went down,” she said. “My kids know that I have an open-door policy — that you can come to me anytime, no matter if it’s bad, good or indifferent.”


Biggest Celebrity Scandals of 2015








































28 Photos »


Though Mama June, whose real name is June Shannon, claims her home life is good, her love life has taken a hit a hit. In a new preview for Marriage Boot Camp: Reality Stars, Mama June and longtime boyfriend Mike “Sugar Bear” Thompson admit that the no longer have sex.
“We don’t have sex anymore. Okay?” Mama June confess to the camera. “We don’t have sex anymore.”
Mama June and Sugar Bear split in October 2014 after 10 years of dating. It was later revealed that June may have cheated on her partner with ex-boyfriend and Caldwell’s abuser, Mark McDaniel.





/n