Rest In Peace, Adam West: Hollywood Reacts To Batman's Death At 88 Years Old/n

We're still saddened by the death of Hollywood legend Adam West, the infamous 1960s television Batman who succumbed to a bout of leukemia over the weekend at 88 years old.
And judging by the outpouring of support across Hollywood for West after his death, we aren't the only ones saddened by it.
Related: Woman Killed By Her Own Wine Glass In Freak Accident
Stars from all walks of life have come out to share their condolences of the infamous Batman legend, with Julie Newmar, Ben Affleck, Conan O'Brien, Seth MacFarlane, and many more paying their respects.
MacFarlane, for one, shared a statement about West's time working as a voice actor on Family Guy, writing in memory: 

"Family Guy has lost its mayor, and I have lost a friend. Adam West was a joy to work with, and the kind of guy you always wanted to be around. His positivity, good nature, and sense of fun were undeniable, and it was always a big jolt of energy when he walked in to record the show. He knew comedy, and he knew humanity."

And Burt Ward, who played Robin in West's original TV sitcom series Batman, also remembered his co-star with a statement of memorial: 

"I am devastated at the loss of one of my very dearest friends. Adam and I had a special friendship for more than 50 years. We shared some of the most fun times of our lives together; our families have deep love and respect for each other. This is a terribly unexpected loss of my lifelong friend, I will forever miss him. There are several fine actors who have portrayed Batman in films, in my eyes there was only one real Batman and that is and always will be Adam West; He was truly the Bright Knight."

So sad.
Here's how the rest of Hollywood shared their memories (below):

Our beloved AW passed away last night. He was the greatest. We'll miss him like crazy. We know you'll miss him too - West Family pic.twitter.com/8bkEq1C2ao
— Adam West (@therealadamwest) June 10, 2017


Adam West exemplified heroism. Kind, funny and an all around great guy. Thank you for showing us all how it's done. @therealadamwest
— Ben Affleck (@BenAffleck) June 10, 2017


#AdamWest was such a wonderful actor & so kind, I'm so lucky to have worked w/ him & tell him how much he meant to me & millions of fans. pic.twitter.com/Bu0OOaRgX9
— Mark Hamill (@HamillHimself) June 10, 2017


God Bless Adam West pic.twitter.com/9OK7kHNZHS
— Conan O'Brien (@ConanOBrien) June 10, 2017


RIP Adam West. First person I saw who was funny, badass & cool all at once.
— Kumail Nanjiani (@kumailn) June 10, 2017


Although I haven't often talked about it, before I could barely read, YOU were the reason I fell in love with superheroes. #RIPAdamWest pic.twitter.com/R9MFlMyZIT
— James Gunn (@JamesGunn) June 10, 2017


Farewell, Adam West.
— Michael McKean (@MJMcKean) June 10, 2017


RIP Adam West. You'll always be Batman to me.
— George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) June 10, 2017


RIP Adam West. You will always be Batman
— Will Arnett™ (@arnettwill) June 10, 2017


Noooo… not Adam West! What a good man!#genuine
#kind
— LeVar Burton (@levarburton) June 10, 2017


Farewell Adam West. You were MY Batman. Such a super funny, cool, charismatic actor. Loved the show as a kid, still love the show now. POW! pic.twitter.com/6QAZnOhtMs
— edgarwright (@edgarwright) June 10, 2017


Holy heartbreak Batman. Adam West was a big part of my childhood. We were acquaintances in my adulthood. A wonderful man who will b missed.
— Jamie Lee Curtis (@jamieleecurtis) June 10, 2017


Ah dear Adam West. He was always so kind when we met. A real gent. Once when I was a kid we found ourselves in front the batmobile. I got in
— Val Kilmer (@valkilmer) June 10, 2017


A love letter to Adam West, Frank Gorshin & my childhood. (I bought the page from Bernie Mirault. Years later I gave it to my oldest son) pic.twitter.com/4SElullg3u
— Neil Gaiman (@neilhimself) June 10, 2017
R.I.P., Mr. West.
If those saddened by your death are any indication, you lived a very full, worthwhile life.
[Image via Joe Kan/WENN.]
/n