The 2016 Summer Movie Guide/n





                    Here’s What Critics Are Saying About ‘The Nice Guys’ 
                







Planning on seeing this new comedy? Check out the reviews first!

 MORE >>





Here’s all the movies you don’t wanna miss!

That blessed season is upon us: summer! Fireworks, grilling outdoors, vacations…and best of all, a slew of terrific new movies are set to come out with something for just about everyone.
Here’s a rundown on all of the season’s hottest releases, who’s in them and what they’re about including Me Before You, Independence Day: Resurgence and X-Men: Apocalypse.

Alice Through the Looking Glass – May 27
Alice (Mia Wasikowska) returns to Underland where she finds The Mad Hatter (Johnny Depp) in desperate need of her help. Alice must combat Time (Sacha Baron Cohen), a half-clock, half-human demigod, and save Underland and all its inhabitants.
The film also stars Helena Bonham Carter, Anne Hathaway and Rhys Ifans.






X-Men: Apocalypse – May 27
Because the people at 20th Century Fox know you just can’t get enough of these mutants, another sequel in the X-Men franchise is arriving this summer pitting Professor X (James McAvoy), Mystique (Jennifer Lawrence), Beast (Nicholas Hoult) and more against a powerful ancient being named Apocalypse (Oscar Isaac).
The film also stars Michael Fassbender, Rose Byrne, Sophie Turner, Olivia Munn, Tye Sheridan, Lucas Till, Evan Peters, Kodi Smit-McPhee and Alexandra Shipp.






Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows – June 3
The heroes in a half-shell are back to combat The Shredder and his mutant henchmen Bebop and Rocksteady. But this time they must also face an invasion from Dimension X led by the nefarious creature Kraang (voiced by Brad Garrett).
The cast also includes Megan Fox, Stephen Amell, Will Arnett, William Fichtner, Tyler Perry, Laura Linney and more.






Popstar: Never Stop Never Stopping – June 3 
Justin Bieber is due for a satire. Thankfully the Lonely Island comedy trio Andy Samberg, Akiva Schaffer and Jorma Taccone have one on the way. The story follows Connor (Samberg), a rapper with a failed album, forcing him to reunite his once-popular boy band.
This farce also stars Sarah Silverman, Tim Meadows, Imogen Poots, Bill Hader, Joan Cusack, Maya Rudolph, Martin Sheen, Simon Cowell and loads more.






Me Before You – June 3
Emilia Clarke stars as Louisa Clark, a newly hired caregiver for William Traynor (Sam Claflin), a wealthy, handsome man who has recently become permanently disabled due to a car accident. Clark soon discovers that Traynor plans to end his life and devises a plan to change his mind.






Warcraft – June 10
Are you a fan of World of Warcraft? Then, surely you know an epic fantasy film adaptation is on its way. The world of Azeroth is on the verge of outright war. Humans battle an outpouring of orcs escaping their dying world, Draenor. Soon the leader of the humans and the leader of the orcs must face off to decide the fate of their people.
The special effects dazzler stars Travis Fimmel, Paula Patton, Ben Foster, Dominic Cooper, Ben Schnetzer, Robert Kazinsky and more.






Now You See Me 2 – June 10
The Four Horsemen are back, this time exposing a dastardly businessman for his unethical behavior. But they also need to clear their names with the authorities.
The movie stars Jesse Eisenberg, Mark Ruffalo, Woody Harrelson, Dave Franco, Daniel Radcliffe, Lizzy Caplan, Michael Caine and Morgan Freeman.






The Conjuring 2 – June 10
Ed and Lorraine Warren (Patrick Wilson and Vera Farmiga, respectively) are back with another ghoulish case to solve. The paranormal investigators travel to Enfield, England to help a single mother protect her four children from a poltergeist.






Finding Dory – June 17
Dory (Ellen DeGeneres) is getting an adventure of her own! This sequel to the beloved 2003 film Finding Nemo centers on the forgetful Pacific regal blue tang’s attempt to find her family.
The host of sea creatures is voiced by Albert Brooks, Diane Keaton, Eugene Levy, Kaitlin Olson, Ty Burrell, Willem Dafoe, Vicki Lewis, Idris Elba, Dominic West and many more.






Central Intelligence – June 17
Dwayne Johnson teams up with Kevin Hart to play a mismatched duo on a top-secret mission to save the world in this action comedy.
The cast also includes Amy Ryan, Aaron Paul, Danielle Nicolet, Timothy John Smith and Megan Park.






Independence Day: Resurgence – June 24
A second wave of aliens have arrived aiming to wipe out the human race in this sequel to the 1996 hit film. A small team of humans, including David Levinson (Jeff Goldblum) and Jake Morrison (Liam Hemsworth), must band together in order to save the planet from annihilation.
The supporting cast includes Bill Pullman, Jessie Usher, Maika Monroe, Sela Ward, Judd Hirsch, Vivica A. Fox, Brent Spiner, Charlotte Gainsbourg and William Fichtner.






The Shallows – June 29
Blake Lively stars as Nancy, a surfer who becomes stranded on some rocks just a few hundred yards from the shore when a great white shark begins circling. Sound terrifying enough for you?






The BFG – July 1
Steven Spielberg’s new film follows an orphan named Sophie (Ruby Barnhill) who befriends a giant named the BFG. The two set out on a mission to stop evil giants entering the world of humans.
The family adventure also stars Bill Hader, Jemaine Clement, Penelope Wilton, Rebecca Hall and Mark Rylance as the voice of the BFG.






The Legend of Tarzan – July 1
Starring Alexander Skarsgård and Margot Robbie, this retelling of the classic story begins years after Tarzan has left the jungle and created an ordered, modern life for himself in London. However, he is invited back to Africa in a greed-fueled power play at the hands of Captain Léon Rom (Christoph Waltz).
The cast also includes Samuel L. Jackson, Jim Broadbent, Djimon Hounsou and John Hurt.






The Purge: Election Year – July 1
Taking place two years after the events of The Purge: Anarchy, Leo Barnes (Frank Grillo) is now head of security for Senator Charlene Roan (Elizabeth Mitchell) a presidential candidate whose campaign is based on her ending the yearly purge. But the government opposes Roan’s charge to end the sadistic holiday and conspiracies take shape to eliminate her during the purge itself.






Mike and Dave Need Wedding Dates – July 8
Zac Efron and Adam DeVine star in this raunchy comedy about a pair of brothers who have a habit of getting rowdy and ruining every family gathering. When their sister gets engaged, the brothers are ordered to find respectable dates. Enter Tatiana and Alice (Aubrey Plaza and Anna Kendrick, respectively), two wild women who convince the brothers to take them along to Hawaii. But as soon as they arrive, the girls start to show their true colors.






The Secret Life of Pets – July 8
Ever wondered what your pets do when you leave home? Illumination Entertainment seeks to answer that question with their new animated adventure about Max (Louis C.K.) a terrier who feels threatened by the arrival of Duke (Eric Stonestreet) a Newfoundland. The two must team up to defend themselves against an army of abandoned pets out for vengeance.
Other characters are voiced by Kevin Hart, Steve Coogan, Ellie Kemper, Lake Bell, Bobby Moynihan, Dana Carvey, Hannibal Buress and more.






Ghostbusters – July 15
It may have the most disliked trailer in YouTube history, but with an all-star cast and Paul Feig (Bridesmaids) directing, this flick could still be a big release this summer. Like the original, the reboot centers on two academics, Erin Gilbert (Kristen Wiig) and Abby Yates (Melissa McCarthy), who team up with a nuclear engineer (Kate McKinnon) and a subway worker (Leslie Jones) to fight an onslaught of ghosts running rampant in New York.
The film also stars Chris Hemsworth, Neil Casey and Andy Garcia.






Star Trek Beyond – July 22
The crew of the USS Enterprise is back with another interplanetary adventure! In this installment, the team is attacked by some mysterious aliens, leaving them stranded on a new planet and facing a terrifying new villain.
The film stars Chris Pine, Zachary Quinto, Zoe Saldana, Karl Urban, Simon Pegg, John Cho, Anton Yelchin and Idris Elba.






Ice Age: Collision Course – July 22
Your favorite troop of prehistoric critters are faced with a cosmic event that could decimate every life form on the planet! They are forced to embark upon a mission filled with surprises.
The colorful cast of voice actors includes Ray Romano, John Leguizamo, Denis Leary, Queen Latifah, Jennifer Lopez, Neil deGrasse Tyson, Jesse Tyler Ferguson, Simon Pegg and Jessie J.






Lights Out – July 22
A horror film is a good idea regardless of the season and this summer marks the arrival of a particularly spooky film. Lights Out centers on Rebecca (Teresa Palmer) a young woman who is stalked by a terrifying entity that is only visible in the dark. She begins to link the supernatural activity with a bizarre experiment performed on a childhood friend years before.






Jason Bourne – July 29
The fifth installment in the Bourne series storms into theaters this summer with more chases and explosions than ever before. The story takes place many years after The Bourne Ultimatum. The titular character (played by Matt Damon, duh) must come out of hiding to combat terrorists all over the globe.
The cast also includes Julia Stiles, Alicia Vikander, Vincent Cassel and Tommy Lee Jones.






Bad Moms – July 29
Mila Kunis stars in this tale of an over-stressed mama needing to blow off some steam. The raucous comedy also stars Kristen Bell and Kathryn Hahn as her fellow liberated moms looking to cut loose. The trio must soon face Gwendolyn (Christina Applegate), the PTA leader looking to put a stop to their fun. The movie also features appearances from Jada Pinkett Smith and Kesha.






Suicide Squad – August 5
This rollicking comic book adaptation is about a band of terrifying criminals who are offered commuted sentences if they perform black ops missions for the U.S. government. Naturally, chaos and violence ensues.
The stellar lineup includes Jared Leto, Margot Robbie, Joel Kinnamon, Viola Davis, Jai Courtney, Jay Hernandez, Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje, Scott Eastwood and Cara Delevingne.






Nine Lives – August 5
Filling out the summer schedule is this fun, family romp about Tom Brand (Kevin Spacey), a successful businessman who has been an absent father. But a car accident mysteriously finds Tom trapped as a cat intended as a last-minute gift for his daughter. Tom must reconnect with his family within a week, or stay a cat forever.
The film also stars Jennifer Garner, Robbie Amell, Christopher Walken and more.






Ben-Hur – August 12
Up-and-comer Jack Huston stars as the titular character in this remake of the film classic centered on a man falsely accused of an assassination attempt, forcing him into slavery under the Roman Empire. His only chance for revenge is in a chariot race against his villainous adoptive brother Messala (Toby Kebbell). The movie also features Morgan Freeman with dreadlocks.






Sausage Party – August 12
Ever wondered what it would be like if your food had feelings? Seth Rogen and his pals decided to tackle that subject in this charming and raunchy 3D animated movie. Rogen voices Frank a sausage longing to be bought at a supermarket. However, when he is finally purchased and taken home, he soon discovers that he and his friends’ fate is pretty grim.
This impressive cast of voice actors also includes Kristen Wiig, Jonah Hill, Bill Hader, Michael Cera, James Franco, Danny McBride, Paul Rudd, Edward Norton and Salma Hayek.






Pete’s Dragon – August 12
Grace Meacham (Bryce Dallas Howard) discovers a small boy named Pete (Oakes Fegley) who claims to live in a nearby forest with an enormous dragon. Grace decides to get to the bottom of this seemingly impossible story.
The film also stars Karl Urban, Oona Laurence, Wes Bentley and Robert Redford.






War Dogs – August 19
From the creators of The Hangover trilogy comes a true story about two arms dealers (played by Miles Teller and Jonah Hill) who get a $300 million government contract to get weapons to U.S. allies in Afghanistan in 2007. Before long, the duo have landed themselves in a whole lot of trouble in the U.S. and beyond.
The movie’s cast also includes Bradley Cooper, Ana de Armas, J.B. Blanc and Dan Bilzerian.






Kubo and the Two Strings – August 19
A star-studded cast voices this animated tale of a small boy in ancient Japan who must find a suit of armor once worn by his warrior father in order to combat supernatural forces.
The actors lending their voices to the film include Art Parkinson, Charlize Theron, Matthew McConaughey, Rooney Mara, Ralph Fiennes, George Takei, Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa and Brenda Vaccaro.






Don’t Breathe – August 26
Three young friends (Jane Levy, Dylan Minnette and Daniel Zovotto) decide to break into the home of a blind veteran (Stephen Lang) for his money, but they soon discover he is far more capable than he appears.





/n