Jonathan Martin 'Had Problems Accepting Rigors Of NFL', Says Source/n
Jonathan Martin, the Miami Dolphins football player, who abruptly left the team after accusing teammate Richie Incognito of bullying him, was a product of a privileged private school education including Stanford University, and was unaccustomed the rigors and grind of football of the NFL, RadarOnline.com is exclusively reporting.
The offensive lineman played high and played football at an elite private school in southern California, Harvard Westlake, and Martin then continued to play and continue his education at Stanford.
“It’s no secret that Stanford absolutely coddles their athletes, and Jon was a product of that environment, no question. It was an absolute shock for Jon when he got to the NFL,”  a source tells RadarOnline.com exclusively.
PHOTOS: The 10 Worst Tattoos In NFL History
“Most of his football career Jon had been told what an extraordinary athlete he was, and there wasn’t a lot of criticism of his playing technique. So when Jon starts his NFL career with the Miami Dolphins, it’s now the real world, The offensive line coach for the Dolphins is in his players’ faces, telling them to work harder, and at times, in terms that he has never heard before,” the source says. “For the first time in his football career, he lost his starting job with the team. It had never happened to Jon before, he suffered a setback in the real world, and clearly had problems accepting it.”
Radar broke the story: Incognito — indefinitely suspended by his team for allegedly bullying Martin — has suggested the Stanford graduate had privately expressed concerns he was going to be cut from the team before he made the sensational allegations.
It’s now been reported that the 30-year-old has turned over information to the National Football League that his legal team believes shows Martin to be a troubled player both on and off the field.
PHOTOS: Celebrity Racist Rants
Incognito’s lawyer, Mark Shamel, previously told RadarOnline.com that Martin “raised concerns with Richie Incognito that he was not playing well, about how upset he was at being ranked by Pro Football Focus, as among the worst lineman in the NFL, about his poor performance on the field, his demotion to right tackle and how he was concerned about what the outcome might be for his missing team meetings and, about how he felt his job was at risk. It was only after sharing these concerns and Martin’s abandonment of the team, that the bullying allegations were raised. Rather than deal with his poor performance on field performance and myriad other issues, Martin is now hiding behind false allegations. The result undermines the real problems of bullying and demeans what is a very real problem for many young people.”
The NFL hired attorney Theodore Wells to conduct the investigation. He has spoken with both players, as well as their coaches and teammates. Findings from the investigation are expected to be made public after the Super Bowl.
PHOTOS: Olympic Athletes Who Took The Gold For Getting Wasted!
Text messages previously made public by Martin’s camp revealed that Incognito had threatened to kill him and had used the “N” word. However, those messages were taken out of context, according to Incognito.
He also apologized for his behavior, Radar has been told.
However, according to Shamel, Martin also sent inflammatory text messages to Incognito.
“The coarse and unacceptable comments and text messages that were sent to Jonathan Martin were of the same poor taste as those sent by him,” the lawyer, from the firm Womble, Carlyle, Sandridge & Rice, said.
“All of these communications were provided to Ted Wells and the NFL investigation. What they show is banter between friends, not bullying. Jonathan Martin sent text messages to Richie Incognito which included threats to send someone over to Richie Incognito’s home with a ‘tranquilizer gun and sandpaper condoms’ to homosexually rape him. Jonathan Martin sent another that said he would ‘kill (Richies’s) whole family.’ There was another where Jonathan Martin indicated he would ejaculate in Richie’s face.
“Richie Incognito has owned his inappropriate comments, despite the fact that they were made in jest and it is time for Jonathan Martin to do the same.”​
Martin has two years left on his contract with the Dolphins; Incognito is now a free-agent.
Request for comment from Martin’s rep weren’t immediately returned. /n