Judge Judy's $200 Million Garage Sale!/n
Already mega-rich Judge Judy will soon have a LOT more loot as the no-nonsense TV jurist is shopping her old reruns for a whopping $200 million!
Added to her already impressive $300 million fortune, the huge new payday would make the sharp-tongued legal eagle the half-billion dollar woman!
“In addition to her hefty $47 million a year CBS salary, Judy shrewdly negotiated the rights to her repeats,” spills a mole.
“And now she’s selling the shows for $200 million! She’s cashing in big time!”
PHOTOS: The Judge Judy Nobody Knows — 13 Bizarre Secrets Revealed
And according to insiders, when Judy, 74, retires next year, she plans to go on a spending spree that would make boxing champ Floyd “Money” Mayweather blush!
“Up until now, Judge Judy has always prided herself on being very frugal,” dishes the source.
“She once proudly said she still bought clothes off the sales racks at Bloomingdales and Saks!
“But now that she’s in her mid-70s, her attitude is, ‘You can’t take it with you!’
PHOTOS: Rich Get Poorer? Kardashians Sign $100 Million Contract To ‘Feed Spending’ — 25 Photos Of Their Wild Purchases
“After setting up trusts for her family, Judy is going to do some first-class globe-trotting with her husband. She’s going to splurge on the two of them!”
But it’s not as if she hasn’t already done that!
In 2007, she and husband Jerry Sheindlin, an 83-year-old former New York State Supreme Court judge, bought and renovated a sprawling $13.2 million mansion in tony Greenwich, Conn.
Described as America’s answer to England’s Buckingham Palace, the 12,000-square-foot mansion boasts 10 marble fireplaces, eight bedrooms and 13 bathrooms with gold-plated fixtures.
PHOTOS: Hollywood’s 15 Biggest Cheapskates — They’re Worth Millions, But Their Spending Habits Don’t Show It!
The palatial estate also comes complete with a pool house, a guardhouse, five acres of gardens and a fish-filled pond.
In 2013, she and Jerry shelled out $10.7 million for a ritzy five-bedroom condo in downtown Beverly Hills.
She also traded in the couple’s two-bedroom pied-a-terre at the posh Sherry-Netherland hotel in New York City for a lavish $8.5 million Big Apple penthouse!
In 2015, Judy and Jerry listed their 8,500-square-foot digs in hoity-toity Naples, Fla. for $11 million — after splashing out $8.6 million for a nearby six-bedroom mansion just a few weeks earlier.
PHOTOS: The Tax Man Cometh: 25 Hollywood Stars Who Faced Tax Trouble
In addition to a fat real estate portfolio, Judges Judy and Jerry also own a private jet, a fleet of luxury cars — including a Lexus and a Bentley — and a 152-foot yacht named, appropriately, Triumphant Lady.
Despite getting a late start in her TV career — Judy didn’t appear on camera until she was 52 — her syndicated show “Judge Judy” has raked in a stunning $1.7 billion!
She’s also the author of seven best-selling books, including “Don’t Pee on My Leg and Tell Me It’s Raining.”
A Brooklyn native, Judy was the only woman in the first year of her law school class of 126 at the Washington College of Law.
After a stint in the corporate world as a lawyer for a cosmetics company, she became a criminal court judge in 1982.
“Now she’s getting ready to really enjoy the fruits of her labor,” spilled the source. “And her feeling is, ‘Go big or go home!'”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n