PHOTOS: The Best, Worst & Wackiest Fashions Of The Week!/n
The competition was fierce on the red carpet this week, as Hollywood’s hottest stars flocked to swanky events, award shows and premieres wearing the best, worst & wackiest fashions. RadarOnline.com has rounded up all of the wardrobe winners and sinners in the weekly fashion feature you don’t want to miss!
PHOTOS: The Best, Worst & Wackiest Fashions Of The Week
It was almost impossible to pick the top look this week, as several sizzling stars were dressed in flawless fashion, but Jennifer Lopez slid into 1st place by a hair! The stunning superstar perfectly showed off her bombshell body at the 11th Annual Latin Grammy Awards in Las Vegas, wearing a magnificent metallic Andrew GN gown.  The sleeved wonder featured a plunging keyhole neckline, which accentuated her sexy top half, and was constructed out of body skimming material, which made the most of her covetable curves.
PHOTOS: Bikini Wars! Sexy Songbirds Battle It Out On The Beach
Cher has made it quite clear that she wishes she could Turn Back Time, but she needs to grasp the painful truth: she can’t!  The iconic singer, who is set to hit the big screen this month in Burlesque, has been busy promoting her flick all over the country, wearing faux pas fashions from the 1980’s and 90’s.  From her Late Show look of cutout leggings over fishnet tights paired with a belted sheer shirt—to her Glamour Women of the Year Awards Elvira ensemble—the Academy Award-winning “Goddess of Pop” was the Worst Dressed star of the week!
PHOTOS: The Best, Worst & Wackiest Fashions At The CMA Awards
Style was not compromised at the 44th CMA Awards on Wednesday, as country music’s hottest crooners and big screen babes got all done up for the Nashville event. While Taylor Swift opted for a red hot Monique Lhuillier gown (see her here!) which featured a dangerously high slit, Gwyneth Paltrow showed some skin in a crafty cutout Atelier Versace one-shouldered number. And Nicole Kidman stood by her man, Keith Urban, thinking outside of the box by pairing her amazing Dolce & Gabbana white lace cocktail dress with cutout heels. 
PHOTOS: Bikini Wars! Sexy Stars Who Have Shared Lovers
At the World Premiere of Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1, Emma Watson dazzled in an uber-short Rafael Lopez lace and feathered frock, which she finished off with towering Charlotte Olympia pumps, while Gossip Girl Clemence Poesy looked like she was headed to a 1970’s prom in a poof-shouldered lace Chanel frock. And of course, Helena Bonham Carter brought the wacky factor to the red carpet, wearing a bizarrely constructed dress with a horrible hairdo.
PHOTOS: The Best Bootys On The Beach
Fergie celebrated her Glamour Woman of the Year title at the magazine’s bash in NYC, wearing a curve-skimming Zac Posen gown in flawless fashion, where Kate Hudson was also dressed to impress in a side slit Lanvin gown and Brian Atwood heels.
PHOTOS: Bikinis! The Most Ab Fab Stars In Hollywood
See all the highs and lows on the fashion front this week in RadarOnline.com’s weekly feature!
RELATED STORIES:
PHOTOS: When Plastic Is Not Fantastic-Stars Who Went Under The Knife And Regret ItPHOTO: Fergie Talks Meth, Recovery, Husband Josh Duhamel’s Cheating Scandal In Glamour
PHOTOS: Who Is Hotter?  CMA Babes Carrie Underwood And Taylor Swift Battle It Out /n