Ex-Junkie Jenelle Evans Admits To Shooting Up ‘Four Or Five Times A Day’/n
Jenelle Evans’ addiction to heroin forced her to lose custody of her oldest son – and she almost lost her life as well. In an excerpt from her upcoming memoir Read Between the Lines: From the Diary of a Teenage Mom, the Teen Mom 2 star tells all on her drug addiction.
“My first trip was amazing. I won’t glamorize the drug by going into the long details of why people love it so damned much,” the mother-of-three wrote in an excerpt obtained by E!. “Before I knew it, I was shooting up four or five times a day. I was hooked.”
She admits that the first thing she lost to the drug was her family.
“I disowned my mother and siblings and friends,” she said. “But the truth is no one wants to talk to you when they suspect you’re a junkie.”
PHOTOS: ‘Most Horrible Mother Ever’? Teen Mom Jenelle Lashes Out
Her addiction forced her mom Barbara to keep her son Jace from her.
“It hurt my heart, made me sick to my soul that I couldn’t see my son. I filled that hateful void with more drugs,” Evans penned. “The drugs always made the pain go away. They didn’t turn on me or betray me. I guess heroin was my first steady, dependable lover. It gave me what I needed to live and I gave it my life. By this entry, heroin was the only thing I had in my life that loved me.”
Evans then went to a New Jersey hospital for detox. When she was released she called her mother, who she thought would be the “last person in the world” who would help her.
PHOTOS: Medical Crisis! Jenelle Evans Hospitalized In NYC For ‘Brain & Spine’ Problems
“For all of our problems, I owe her for what she did that day,” she wrote. “I called her and told her what kind of trouble I was in, and how I needed help.”
As Radar readers know, Evans lost her custody battle to her mother over Jace on May 24.
Evans even called the police over Mother’s Day weekend when Barbara wouldn’t let Jace stay with her for the holiday.
“We received a call that there was concern about the welfare of the children in the home,” Boiling Springs Lake Chief Brad Shirley told Radar.
He added that it was “an estranged time for visitation with Jenelle’s son” that caused the blowout.
“For whatever reason the grandmother did not want to honor that visitation schedule,” Shirley said.
PHOTOS: Popping Pills! Secret Reason Behind Teen Mom Jenelle Evans’ Shocking Slimdown Revealed
Fortunately for Evans, she was given more visitation with Jace in mediation. She expressed her excitement over the new visitation schedule with an Instagram post, as she revealed that she is finally allowed to take him on family trips.
“Blessed this day finally got to happen,” she captioned a photo of the mother-son duo riding a horse. “Brought Jace to the place I’ve been wanting to for years. I’m so grateful and blessed my son can travel now and share the same experiences… starting now.”
Are you surprised by her drug confession? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n