Jason Sudeikis Reveals that Beyoncé Sent Olivia Wilde into Labor/n





                    Olivia Wilde and Jason Sudeikis Welcome a Baby Girl!
                







Olivia Wilde and Jason Sudeikis added to their growing family this week!

 MORE >>





Jason Sudeikis and Olivia Wilde’s 2-year-old son Otis has a pretty well-documented obsession with Beyoncé, but with the arrival of little Daisy, it looks like there may be some competition in the Sudeikis household over who’s the biggest Bey fan.

Earlier today (Oct. 21, 2016), Sudeikis stopped by Harry Connick Jr.‘s talk show Harry, to apologize for missing his previously scheduled appearance due to the birth of his daughter Daisy. “I was supposed to be here at 4,” the newly minted father-of-two explained. “She came out at 3:39. She does not care about show business, but she will!”
Sudeikis revealed that he almost made it to his original time slot because Wilde almost gave birth a few days earlier! “We came really close,” Sudeikis revealed. “Daisy was born on Tuesday, but on Friday night, [Olivia] and I were going out—date night. This is how confident of a lady Olivia is: She’s like, ‘Date night, we’re going to go see Beyoncé.'”
“We came really close,” Sudeikis revealed. “Daisy was born on Tuesday, but on Friday night, [Olivia] and I were going out—date night. This is how confident of a lady Olivia is: She’s like, ‘Date night, we’re going to go see Beyoncé.'”


	2016 Golden Globes: Olivia Wilde and Jason Sudeikis Are the Hottest Couple of the Night








































12 Photos »


“So, we were in line to get in the Lincoln Tunnel and there was an accident in there. Everything was gummed up, so it was going to take us like an hour to get through the tunnel, and we would have been a half hour late to the concert, which would have been a bummer because we would miss all the choreography and fireworks.”
Just as the couple made the decision to turn around and go home, Wilde began having contractions.
“I don’t know if it was the pressure, if it was the traffic or the fact that we were going to be late. It was just bad in the back seat of the car,” he explained. “We U-turned and got it out of there. We figured it would be a bad scene to have the baby in a tunnel—and a little redundant!”
Sudeikis said that when they arrived back in their neighborhood, they took a long walk and Daisy eventually calmed down and stayed put until Friday. “I think she was just fired up,” he joked. “Just sitting there doing the [‘Single Ladies’] dance, like, ‘I know where I’m going!'”


Olivia Wilde Takes Her Baby Bump for a Walk in Central Park








































18 Photos »


/n