Neverland Ranch -- The Raid Photos/nThe Santa Barbara County Sheriff's deputies who raided Michael Jackson's home in 2003 at Neverland Ranch had their hands full -- the place was a mess.All these photos were taken inside the house, as deputies faced the daunting task of sifting through all of MJ's stuff.By the way, most of the evidence involving drugs was never admitted at trial, because authorities felt it was not relevant to the molestation charge. Most of this evidence hasn't surfaced until we combed through tens of thousands of documents and photos.    Raid at Jackson's Netted Heavy Drugs  Santa Barbara County Sheriff's deputies who raided Michael Jackson's Neverland Ranch back in 2003 found a syringe, powerful narcotics, vials and IV bags containing what could be anesthesia.We've obtained the documents from the Sheriff's Department detailing what was found in the search. Among the items ...-- A vial of Versed -- a powerful sedative-- Several IV bags containing  "a milky white fluid, located in a small cardboard box on top of the bathtub. " Propofol and other anesthesias are milky white. As we first reported, Propofol was in Jackson's home the day he died.-- A vial of Promethazine -- an antihistamine with strong sedative effects-- A bottle of Alprazolam (generic for Xanax, a powerful anti-anxiety drug)-- A bottle of Percocet -- a painkiller-- A syringe-- A vial with Demerol in it-- Numerous loose pills outside bottles-- A bottle of Prednisone -- a steroid -- Ery-tab -- an antibiotic-- Prescriptions for Xanax that had been filled-- A prescription for Alprazolam-- Oxygen tanks-- IV stands    Jackson Self-Injecting Demerol, Doctor Says  A doctor who treated Michael Jackson claimed the singer self-injected Demerol into his system.We've combed through tens of thousands of pages of the official file for the 2005 molestation trial. In the Santa Barbara County Sheriff's notes, a member of Jackson's security detail -- retired L.A. County Sheriff's deputy Michael Laperruque -- said some doctors were trying to get Jackson off of Demerol, and that one of the doctor's in Santa Barbara  "was upset with JACKSON because he had been self-injecting. "Laperruque told detectives he had picked up Jackson's prescriptions for the singer, usually under the name Chris Carter. Carter was one of Jackson's bodyguards.Laperruque also told detectives one time when he was at Neverland his job was to keep Jackson's family out because they were planning an intervention.    Injection Marks on Jackson's Neck Michael Jackson had injection sites on his neck, according to law enforcement sources.As we first reported, Jackson had  "dozens " of injection sites and punctures all over his body the day he died. Law enforcement sources tell us some of these injection sites and punctures were old and some were fresh. They were found, we're told, on his upper arms, upper legs, ankles, inside around his knees and the neck.Dr. Arnold Klein told Larry King,  "/n