Glamour Girls And Superstar Style Slip-Ups In The Best And Worst/n
It was an action-packed Monday on the red carpet scene from Los Angeles to New York, as stars stepped out to movie premieres and swanky events in the best and worst fashions!
PHOTOS: The Best And Worst Dressed Stars
Eva Mendes brought out the bombshell for Glamour Reel Moments Presented by Hyundai, which took place at the Director’s Guild of America, wearing a beautiful bustier dress designed by Lela Rose. Paired with a Salvatore Ferragamo clutch and heels, the stunning actress debuted her short film California Romanza in truly dazzling form. Also making her directorial debut in smashing fashion was the gorgeous Jessica Biel, who wore a lovely lace Oscar de la Renta frock with peep-toed platforms.
PHOTOS: Stars Hit The Hollywood Awards Gala
Janet Jackson hit the New York premiere of her latest Tyler Perry-directed movie For Colored Girls, making a clear effort on the fashion front with her red and black Haider Ackerman ensemble. The problem? Janet wore a sheer train with her palazzo pants and belted blazer, which looked totally awkward!
PHOTOS: The Best, Worst & Wackiest Fashions Of The Weekend
Kerry Washington was also on hand at the premiere, wearing a multi-colored and textured Missoni gown, which looked like it was custom-made for her!
PHOTOS: Stars In The Best, Worst & Wackiest Fashions Of The Week
Julianne Moore jetted over to London for the premiere of The Kids Are Alright, wearing an all-wrong two-toned Lanvin frock, while Mia Wasikowska hit the Hollywood Awards Gala awkwardly pairing her Proenza Schouler dress with black tights.
PHOTOS: Kim Kardashian’s Countdown To 30 Style Streak
Other notable looks a la mode? Demi Moore rocked a super sexy ensemble to the Glamour event, consisting of skintight Bird by Juicy Couture leggings, a Balmain blouse, Topshop jacket and Brian Atwood pumps and Mandy Moore showed up in Hollywood looking strikingly style — and skinny — in a great lace cocktail dress.
Find out who else rocked and shocked on and off the red carpet on RadarOnline.com. /n