Former Degrassi Actor Charged With Child Pornography, Bestiality, & Sexual Assault/n

A former actor who played an abusive boyfriend on Degrassi High has been charged with multiple child porn and bestiality offenses after an eight-month investigation.
Jason (Byrd) Dickens is facing 26 charges — including sexual assault; producing, accessing and possessing child pornography; and bestiality — in what investigators are calling a "very serious" child exploitation case.
The probe was kicked off in January, after authorities were tipped about a man uploading child porn online. Three women also face criminal charges related to child pornography and sexual assault, including Dickens' spouse Dylan Anne McEwen.
Related: Dog Rapist Dragged Naked From Home And Beaten
In April, authorities executed a search warrant at a home and found several devices containing evidence of child pornography — leading to the arrest of the two other women.
Police say the 45-year-old and another woman engaged in the sexual abuse of a child between 2000 and 2006, and distributed  pornographic images and videos online.
On Thursday, Sex Crimes Inspector Pauline Gray told press:

"The investigation has resulted in the rescue of children that were not only being sexually abused, but then further exploited by having this abuse permanently captured by the recording of it."
Officials believe there may be more victims in the community, as Gray is concerned the perverts had contact "with other like-minded people on the Internet."
Dickens used several screen names and email address when distributing child porn — including handles Retrodeviant, Byrd_Dawg, and Sir Dirk — and frequented a number of fetish websites.
Related: The 10 Most Searched Porn Parodies
Though police would not reveal details about the number or age of the victims involved, investigators do not believe any children were involved in the bestiality acts.
Dickens had a small guest role on Degrassi High in the early 1990s, appearing in about 10 episodes as Scott Smith, the abusive boyfriend of Kathleen Mead.
We have no words, other than we are glad these people were caught and hope the victims can somehow recover from the abuse.
[Image via Toronto Police.]
/n