Christina Grimmie Shot and Killed at Orlando Concert/n





                    Real Talk with YouTube Sensation Christina Grimmie
                







The singer opens up about her rise to fame. 

 MORE >>





Former The Voice contestant Christina Grimmie has passed away at the age of 22.

A rep for the singer confirmed that Grimmie died on Friday (June 10, 2016) when she was shot by an unnamed man at her concert in Orlando, Fla. The “Must Be Love” songstress, who first got her start on YouTube, succumbed to her wounds after being rushed to Orlando Regional Medical Center.


Christina Grimmie Through the Years	








































18 Photos »


“It is with a heavy heart that we can confirm that Christina has passed and went home to be with the Lord. She was shot at her show in Orlando and, unfortunately, didn’t survive the gun shot wounds,” a statement read. “We ask at this time that you respect the privacy of her family and friends in their time of mourning. If you’d like to give back to Christina’s family in her memory, please consider donating to the families GoFundMe page in their time of need.”
Grimmie was injured while signing autographs following her show with the band Before You Exit after when gunfire broke out at the Plaza Live Theater around 11 p.m. EST. According to local reports, the gunman opened fire at Grimmie and shot and killed himself after he was tackled to the ground by Grimmie’s brother.
In a news conference, Orlando sergeant Wanda Miglio said that the suspect had two guns in his possession.
The identity of the shooter has yet to be released. So far, it is not known what his motives were or if he and Grimmie knew each other.
Update — June 11, 5:00 p.m. ET: Orlando Police have identified Grimmie’s killer as 27-year-old Kevin James Loibl (pictured below) of St. Petersburg, Fla. They say traveled to Orlando specifically to attack and kill her.


Man who shot and killed Christina Grimmie @TheRealGrimmie is Kevin James Loibl  DOB 03/10/1989 pic.twitter.com/2D7ZIDhXCa
— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) June 11, 2016



Gone Too Soon: Celebs Who Died Before Their Time








































17 Photos »


/n