Kelly Rowland Defends Ciara’s Topless Pregnancy Photos After Accidentally Liking a Critical Comment About Them/n





                    Ciara Fantasizes About One Thing She Missed Out on Due to Her Career
                







Ciara strips down

 MORE >>





Kelly Rowland stepped up to defend her fellow singer Ciara after it appeared as though Rowland joined the leagues of critics speaking out against her topless family photo shoot for Harper’s Bazaar.

Ciara shared a selection of photos from her pregnant Harper’s Bazaar spread on Instagram, including the shot below in which she holds her first son Future Zahir Wilburn (whose father is Ciara’s ex, Future) while her husband Russell Wilson cradles her pregnant belly from behind.
“Just the 4 of us,” Ciara wrote in the caption of the photo.



Just The 4 Of Us. ❤️ @harpersbazaarus
A post shared by Ciara (@ciara) on Mar 7, 2017 at 10:55am PST





	Ciara Goes Makeup-Free with Russell Wilson








































6 Photos »


Social media users criticized the photos for various reasons. Some claimed that they were disrespectful to Future while others pegged them as “weird.” However, it was Rowland’s endorsement of one disparaging Instagram comment that caused controversy. The Shade Room screenshotted an alert announcing that the former Destiny’s Child singer liked a comment that read, “This is not a cute pic… sorry… it’s no different than the one with the chick and her little boy… why must everyone prove a point by being in your bday suit.”



Maybe #KellyRowland’s finger slipped ? #Ciara
A post shared by The Shade Room (@theshaderoom) on Mar 7, 2017 at 3:55pm PST


A few hours later, Rowland shared an Instagram post of her own to explain that her like on this negative comment was made by accident and that she fully supports these photos of Ciara’s family.
“This pic of my dear friend and her beautiful family makes my heart smile,” wrote Rowland in the caption of the photo below. “I can’t believe how anyone would actually think I would “like” a negative comment about a woman I look at as a great Mom, awesome wife, and A sweetheart of a friend! Accidents do happen, and this new “❤/like feature is WHACK. #findanewstory #ILOVETHEWILSONS“



This pic of my dear friend and her beautiful family makes my heart smile, I can’t believe how anyone would actually think I would “like” a negative comment about a woman I look at as a great Mom, awesome wife, and A sweetheart of a friend! Accidents do happen, and this new “❤/like feature is WHACK. #findanewstory #ILOVETHEWILSONS
A post shared by kellyrowland (@kellyrowland) on Mar 7, 2017 at 6:39pm PST



/n