Your 6 Weekend Picks: Kanye West Leaves Jay-Z’s Tidal, Maria Menounos Diagnosed with Brain Tumor/n
Thing between Kanye West and Jay-Z aren’t good.

The two rappers are said to to be in the middle of a heated feud after Yeezy left Jay’s Tidal over a money dispute. According to TMZ, Kanye walked out from his longtime friend’s company because Tidal allegedly owed him $3 million.
Sources say the “Famous” emcee’s legal team sent Tidal a letter informing them of a breach in contract a month ago. Though Tidal initially tried to resolve the matter, Kanye’s lawyer delivered a second letter letting the company know his client’s exclusive music contract with the streaming service was terminated.
Kanye is reportedly claiming he hasn’t seen any of the bonus he made by helping Tidal gain 1.5 million subscribers through his The Life of Pablo release, nor has he gotten reimbursed for the music videos he’s shot while under contract.
However, insiders say Tidal is refusing to pay because Kanye allegedly hasn’t delivered all of the videos promised in his contract. Sources adds the company is ready to sue Kanye if he decides to release music through another streaming platform.
Kanye’s leaving comes hot on the heels the release of Jay-Z’s 4:44, in which Hova raps, “I know people backstab you, I feel bad too / But this f**k everybody attitude ain’t natural / But you ain’t the same, this ain’t KumbaYe / But you got hurt because you did cool by ‘Ye / You gave him 20 million without thinkin’ / He gave you 20 minutes on stage, f*** was he thinkin’? / ‘F*** wrong with everybody?’ is what you sayin’ / But if everybody’s crazy, you’re the one that’s insane.”

Read more about this story and catch up on other celebrity news headlines from the weekend, including:

Maria Menounos Diagnosed with Brain Tumor, Quits E! News
Blac Chyna Is “Happy” Being “Single”
Scott Disick Parties with Steve Aoki
Hayley Williams Splits with Chad Gilbert After Almost 10 Years Together
Amber Rose Has Already Met 21 Savage’s Mom



top Celebrity News Stories—July 3, 2017








































6 Photos »


/n