J-Hud Tries to Diva Out of Awards Show/nJennifer Hudson's ego seems to be super-sizing itself along with her fame: She just tried to back out of a big awards show until music-biz legend Clive Davis told her, in effect,  "And I'm telling you – you are going. "The Oscar-winning former  "American Idol " contestant, according to Page Six, called the day before the Soul Train Awards show in Los Angeles and told them  "she couldn't make it, " says a source. But  "Soul Train " impresario Don Cornelius wasn't having any of her swanny behavior and called Davis, who told Hudson,  "Get your ass out to L.A. " She obliged.It's just the latest too-big-for-her-Manolo-Blahniks moment for Hudson, who recently told Simon Cowell and  "Idol " that their show was  "a stepping stone, " which elicted a sharp reaction from Cowell. And she also dissed Burger King, where she worked as a teen, prompting them to offer her free Whoppers for life, as TMZ reported yesterday. Are Tori and Candy Burying the Hatchet? The nuclear conflict between Tori and Candy Spelling could be headed for détente now that Tori is about to give birth to Candy's grandchild. According to People, Candy says that the she and her daughter  "have been in touch with each other " and are  "working things out. " Randy Spelling, Tori's brother, says that the arrival of Tori's kid  "puts things into perspective. " Just yesterday, Tori told the  "Today " show that she wanted to try to patch things up, but wasn't willing to go as far as Candy did and say that things were going to be A-OK. The mother and daughter have been publicly at each other's throats ever since the death of Aaron Spelling last summer. Brangelina Says Yes to N.O., Digs PTA Meetings Angelina Jolie says that she and Brad Pitt were only going to spend a month in New Orleans, but that they're much more at ease in the Big Easy than they expected, and that they're going to stay. She tells Newsweek that she likes the other parents at her kids' school, calling them very  "diverse " – unlike, presumably, a bunch of Hollywood crazies. And, of course, Brangelina being Brangelina, Brad is working on  "rebuilding " the city while Angie is helping out the school system.Meanwhile, the 3 ½-year old Vietnamese son that Angelina is about to adopt will be ready for retrieval in just a few weeks. A local official says the kid's in good health,  "a little bit shy, " and that he loves to play soccer. Party Favors: Whitney Begins Work on New Album ... Trump Wants Tavern ... Designer Jacobs in Rehab Whitney Houston is starting to work on her big comeback album – today, says FOX News. Seven songs have already been  "settled on, " including tunes by R. Kelly and Diane Warren. ... Donald Trump wants to take over legendary NYC eatery Tavern on the Green when its lease ends in less than a couple years, he tells the New York Post. He says that ever since Warner LeRoy died back in 2001 and his daughter took over the place,  "It's suffered greatly. " ... Designer Marc Jacobs has entered a rehab facility in Arizona, says Women's Wear Daily, after having stayed sober for seven years. Says his business partner,  "Marc made the right decision. "/n