Joe Breaks Down Ahead Of Prison Sentence: 'I'm Really Going In'/n
Joe Giudice finally left for prison on The Real Housewives of New Jersey.
Joe, 44, said goodbye to his family for 41-months in a touching cupcake making event where Milania insisted on celebrating his birthday early — and then again in a private goodbye party two days prior to his departure.
“You can’t make this sh*t up,” Melissa Gorga declared while getting ready for the party.
Her and Joe Gorga told their kids to make sure to hug and kiss their uncle throughout the night, but Joey held on to his uncle for dear life instead. Teresa Giudice hung onto Joe too — but on a mechanical bull instead.
PHOTOS: Jacqueline Laurita’s Daughter Gives Birth To Baby Boy
Siggy Flicker weighed in during the party that it doesn’t matter to her if he deserves his sentence — watching Joe leave his daughters was heartbreaking.
“You’re lost,” Joe Gorga said in an interview of how he’s consoling his nieces. “It’s a terrible situation.”
Teresa and Joe shared a touching conversation the next day in their backyard while watching their daughters dirt bike. Joe finally broke down over his sentence when Audriana came over to grab strawberries from her parents.
“It sucks for the kids we have to do it again,” he managed to get out before his tears started.
PHOTOS: All For Show? Jacqueline, Dolores & Siggy Reunite After Filming Ends
“I’m gonna see what you went through and it’s gonna be harder,” Teresa responded.
“I just wanna go in and get it over with,” Joe declared. “Whatever mistakes we made — you paid your debt and I’m going to pay my debt.”
Watch The Video On Radar Online

“I’m gonna try to become a better person,” he said, wine glass in tow. “You gotta just accept it, you know?”
“It’s really happening,” he later said in a voiceover. “I’m really going in.”
PHOTOS: Teresa’s Nightmare: Joe Giudice Punished For Drunken Antics In Prison!
The paparazzi began showing up to their house the next morning as Joe and Melissa got to the Giudice house to say goodbye. Everybody was in tears throughout the silent scene — especially Melissa.
“I’ll be out soon,” the Giudice patriarch declared in a voiceover as his final words.
Tune into RHONJ at 8 p.m. on Bravo.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n