Janelle Monáe & Her Friends At Wondaland Records Team Up For A Powerful Song About Police Brutality — Take A Listen/n

Janelle Monáe is getting political with her new music.
The Electric Lady is joined by other artists at Wondaland Records — including Jidenna, Roman GianArthur, Deep Cotton, St. Beauty, and George 2.0 — on an intense track called Hell You Talmbout about police brutality towards African-Americans.
[ Related: Janelle Slams A Fan Who Told Her To 'Be Sexy!' ]
The song is supported by a marching drum beat throughout the emotional anthem, while the 29-year-old and her fellow artists chime in for the gospel-style chorus.
But probably the most intense parts are the verses, in which the singers scream out the names of various victims of officers who have used excessive force, mentioning Walter Scott, Jerame Reid, Phillip White, Eric Garner, Trayvon Martin, Sean Bell, Freddie Gray, Aiyana Jones, Sandra Bland, Kimani Gray, John Crawford III, Michael Brown, Miriam Carey, Sharonda Singleton, Tommy Yancy, Jordan Baker, Amadou Diallo, and Emmett Till.
On Thursday, Janelle shared a snap of the song's artwork to her Instagram, and penned a powerful caption explaining the importance of this track: 

"This song is a vessel. It carries the unbearable anguish of millions. We recorded it to channel the pain, fear, and trauma
caused by the ongoing slaughter of our brothers and sisters. We recorded it to challenge the indifference, disregard,
and negligence of all who remain quiet about this issue. Silence is our enemy. Sound is our weapon. They say a question lives forever until it gets the answer it deserves… Won't you say their names?"

The songbird has been very vocal about this issue lately. She and Jidenna participated in a march in Philadelphia on Wednesday to speak out against the issue, and rally alongside the Black Lives Matter movement.
We have to say that this song is incredibly important, and we're very inspired by the strong message and the artists who are working to share that statement.
Ch-ch-check out the anthem (below):

[Image via FayesVision/WENN.]
/n