screen for the famous movie trilogy. She even inherited the famed 1980s starlet's hair color and height! Other celebs in attendance included Christopher Lloyd (Doc Brown) and Huey Lewis!/n
There's truly nothing more nostalgic than celebrating one of our favorite childhood movies on a day we spent a good portion of our youthful lives wondering about: Oct. 21, 2015.In case you were hiding under a rock somewhere, the sequel for Back to the Future cited yesterday's date as the day Marty McFly traveled into the future and discovered hover boards, flying cars and peace in the Middle East.Though the world didn't exactly end up the way the film had predicted, Michael J. Fox chatted with E! News on Wednesday night at the special screening in honor of the "future day" and said he still hopes for peace in the future.

"I'd like to see world peace! I'd like to see everybody just get along," he told us when asked where he hopes to see the world in the next 30 years. "I'd like to see that we don't get absorbed by the machines we created, that we can co-exist with them, and that they still work for us, and we don't work for them."However, he also understands that moving forward doesn't mean forgetting about where we've been and what we've loved in the past…you know, for example, like the Back to the Future movies.  

In fact, Fox made a rather interesting comparison to his old films and nostalgia: comfort food."It's great! People love comfort food," he told us. "They love stuff that they're used to and that makes them feel good. It's great! It's humbling. I'm really privileged."Meanwhile, the screening and 30th anniversary DVD release brought the whole Back to the Future cast together for a night filled with nostalgia.

Lea Thompson, who played Lorraine Baines McFly, actually appeared to do some time traveling right before our eyes when she introduced us to her look-alike daughter, Zoey Deutch.Zoey is an up-and-coming actress (notable for projects like Beautiful Creatures and Vampire Academy) and happens to look just like her mom, particularly when comparing her to the 24-year-old version depicted on the silver screen for the famous movie trilogy. She even inherited the famed 1980s starlet's hair color and height!Other celebs in attendance included Christopher Lloyd (Doc Brown) and Huey Lewis!
/n