Nick Cannon Is Doubtful He’ll Ever Remarry After Mariah Carey Divorce/n





                    Mariah Carey and Nick Cannon Enjoy ‘Festive Family Moment’ in Manhattan
                







Amicable Exes!

 MORE >>





Nick Cannon has proudly come out as a bachelor for life.

Now that he’s a single father of two (twins Monroe and Moroccan Scott) with a divorce from Mariah Carey under his belt, Cannon has revealed that remarrying is probably just not in his future.


Mariah Carey Reveals Family Snaps of Nick Cannon and Twins Moroccan and Monroe	








































6 Photos »


The 35-year-old Chi-Raq star told DuJour in a new interview, “I feel like marriage isn’t for everyone. A friend of mine put it the funniest way. He said, ‘If you heard that there was a 50/50 chance of living or dying when you jump out of a plane, you probably wouldn’t go skydiving.”
And Cannon clearly isn’t a fan of those odds.
There’s like a 50/50 chance of a marriage working. If it didn’t work out for you the first time, and you still survived it, you probably shouldn’t do it again.
So when asked if he thinks he would ever walk down the aisle a second time, Cannon answered, “I highly doubt it.”
Cannon and Carey were married from 2008 until April 2015. He filed for divorce from the pop star in December 2014 after they split earlier that year in August.
Nevertheless, the exes are very amicable and even spent some time together during the holidays, for the sake of their children.



It’s Christmas time! #FestiveFamilyMoments
A photo posted by Nick Cannon (@nickcannon) on Dec 24, 2015 at 12:28pm PST


He also sung her praises during the interview:

#ThoughtsDuJour from our new digital cover star @NickCannon. Peep the full interview & shoot https://t.co/z0zqpycmOB pic.twitter.com/TEQcs4MGHr
— DuJour (@DuJourMedia) January 11, 2016


Although his thoughts on marriage are less than positive, Cannon considers himself a “hopeless romantic,” and tells the magazine he still believes in love but he has trust issues.
“I’ve rarely let people that close to me. A lot of it comes with me having trust issues,” he says. “I’ve been that way since grade school. I don’t trust many people. Who knows where I’ll be when I’m 60. At 35, I’m not even looking to be in a relationship.”
Cannon was rumored to be dating Amber Rose (and it was alleged that he cheated on Carey with her), and recently sparked dating rumors with model Winnie Harlow.


Nick Cannon Is Dapper in DuJour Magazine	


































5 Photos »


However, on The Ellen Degeneres Show last month, Cannon revealed he was single and celibate.
“I wouldn’t say dating,” he explained. “I mean, I have friends and we hang out, but I’m not ready to do anything seriously, especially because I’m really trying to make sure I can establish being in my kids life and working. I’m always so busy so if I’m not working they’re my No. 1 priority.”
“So, just booty calls is what you’re saying?” DeGeneres asked.
“No!” He clarified. “I’m being celibate, I’m trying to work on myself. No sex right now.”


Nick Cannon and Winnie Harlow on Date in Beverly Hills	








































6 Photos »


/n