Heath Ledger Remembered On 5th Anniversary Of His Death/n
Tuesday marks the 5-year anniversary of the death of Heath Ledger, whose accidental drug overdose in a New York City apartment at just age 28 made an international impact, leaving Hollywood short one of its’ most brilliant young talents and millions of fans mourning their fallen hero, wondering what could have been.
As RadarOnline.com previously reported,  Heath was romantically linked to Lindsay Lohan around the time he died. And, the embattled actress remembered her ex-love in a tweet Tuesday, writing, “rip HL forever in mine and ‘matty’s’ heart (s) xxL.” (Across Twitter, thousands of fans posted memorials to the late Brokeback Mountain actor.)
PHOTOS: A Look Back At Heath Ledger’s Life On Anniversary Of His Death
Of course, Ledger’s untimely death sent waves of shock through the entertainment community and leaving Matilda, his then 2-year-old daughter with ex-girlfriend, actress Michelle Williams, without a father.
“It has been an extremely difficult five years,” Ledger’s mother Sally told Australia’s New Idea magazine in a recent interview, “as not a day goes by when we don’t feel the immense loss of Heath.”
PHOTOS: Michelle Williams – Dressed To Thrill
Heath’s father Kim told the magazine that the now-7-year-old child has “very much” in common with her late dad, aside from the startling physical resemblance.
“Matilda has the same walk as Heath and is such a respectful little kid,” Kim told the publication. “Our family has the most wonderful relationship with both Matilda and Michelle.
“We talk frequently and visit as often as we can.”
PHOTOS: Check Out Josh Hutcherson’s New Pad, Once Owned By Heath Ledger And By Ellen!
Since Heath’s death, Williams has found love with new beau, actor Jason Segel, who has provided a respectful, father figure presence for young Matilda.
In June 2012, Heath’s co-star Christian Bale broke down at the MTV Movie Awards when clips of his late Batman co-star were displayed.
The acclaimed Australian actor posthumously won the Best Supporting Actor Oscar in 2009 for his amazing portrayal of The Joker in The Dark Knight.
RELATED STORIES:
PHOTO: Michelle Williams: Racy GQ Cover and Spread
PHOTOS: Christian Bale – The Darkest Batman
Doppelganger Daughters! Celebrity Kids Who Look Just Like Mom

Daddy’s Little Girl Is Growing Up! Larry Birkhead Takes Dannielynn Shopping
All About Nahla! Halle Berry’s Adorable Daughter Wants… /n