'Total Bellas' Renewed For Second Season/n
Get ready wrestling fans! E! has announced the season two pick-up of Total Bellas, the spin-off of the network’s hit series Total Divas.
The second season, set to premiere in 2017, will be eight one-hour episodes, giving viewers exclusive access as WWE Superstars Nikki Bella and John Cena temporarily relocate to Phoenix, AZ to help Brie Bella and Daniel Bryan through their first pregnancy.
In season one of of the show, Brie and Daniel moved to Tampa, FL to help Nikki and John during a time of need — and now the time has come to return the favor.
With the Bellas’ careers outside of the ring expanding rapidly each day, Brie’s baby bump growing by the minute and Daniel constantly traveling under his new role as General Manager of WWE’s SmackDown Live, the soon-to-be first time parents are in need of some serious help around the house and in the office.
PHOTOS: Hulk Hogan Spotted For The First Time Since Racism Scandal — At The Gym After Being Fired By WWE!
“We are excited to build on the success of the first season of Total Bellas by inviting viewers back for a second round of family fun with the Bellas and their fellas,” said Jeff Olde, EVP, Programming and Development, E!. “Nikki, Brie, John and Daniel all exude copious amounts of wit, talent and strength, but it’s their openness to be completely real that has resonated with viewers and we are delighted to share an intimate look at two of WWE’s most prominent couples.”
This week, the Bella twins returned to season six of Total Divas, with appearances from fan favorites Eva Marie®, Naomi® (Trinity), Natalya® (Nattie) and Paige®. The action-packed episodes will also introduce fans to WWE Superstars Lana® and Maryse®, as well as WWE announcer Renee Young®.
For more from the wrestling beauties, tune into season six of E!’s Total Divas, Wednesdays at 8 p.m. ET/PT.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n