 Busted! Teresa Giudice's Husband CAUGHT ON CAMERA Having Cozy Coffee Date With Another.../n
How will he explain this?
In addition to her mounting legal woes, embattled Housewife Teresa Giudice will undoubtedly have serious questions for her husband Joe about his intimate rendezvous with ANOTHER woman at a restaurant more than 30 miles from their New Jersey home!
GALLERY: The Giudice’s 30 Most Shocking Quotes About Fraud & Finances
Real Housewives of New Jersey star Joe — who has been accused of cheating before — had a cozy coffee date with the mystery woman at Legends Diner in Secaucus on Friday, RadarOnline.com can reveal.
The unidentified woman, wearing a large hat and super sized sunglasses, was clearly attempting to hide her identity.
But the pair couldn’t escape one eagle-eyed restaurant goer who snapped a shot of them together on their cell phone — the woman’s face caught in the reflection of a mirror inside the eatery.
PHOTOS: They Make How Much?! The 23 Highest-Paid Reality TV Stars
“It was DEFINITELY not Teresa,” the spy-witness told RadarOnline.com, in an exclusive interview.
“She was completely disguising herself with a hat and huge sunglasses that she wouldn’t take off inside. They were sitting over coffee and occasionally Joe would reach over and touch her hand while talking. They were there for a while.”
This isn’t the first time Radar has busted Joe having an intimate moment with a woman other than his long-standing wife.
In 2011, Joe and another woman were snapped at a T.G.I. Fridays in Clifton, N.J., a lengthy distance from the home he shares with Teresa and their four daughters.

Then, an eyewitness described Joe’s suspect behavior, which appears to be eerily similar to his actions at the Legends Diner.
PHOTOS: Before They Were Housewives, These 17 Bravolebrities Worked As…
Said that onlooker: “They were drinking martinis and when the woman finished hers, she took a sip out of Joe’s glass too. They looked like they were having a good time together and laughing with each other.”
What’s more, the couple has also been forced to defend themselves against accusations that he cheated with their nanny Nicole Cemelli.
After that report shocked Jersey, Teresa called the story “fake” and said her husband was simply “meeting to talk business.”
“We’ve known her and her family since she was in high school,” she said.
PHOTOS: Teresa Giudice Book Signing At Daytona Beach Lifestyle and Boat Show
Responding to this latest marital drama, a source close to the couple insisted to Radar that even with this picture proof, little will change in their marriage.
“Teresa took a vow when she got married and she isn’t going to divorce Joe,” the insider said.
The Bravolebrities are facing up to 50 years in jail on 41 counts of fraud.
The Giudice’s trial is set to start in February of 2014. /n