 Tenant From Hell! Amber Portwood Sued AGAIN For Trashing New Home & Not Paying Rent.../n
Amber Portwood was sued for over $6,000 in damages after trashing her previous home – and the Teen Mom OG star is at it again! RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal Portwood is facing eviction from her new home after failing to pay rent and allegedly damaging the property.
In court papers obtained from Lawrence Township Small Claims Court, Portwood’s landlords hit her and fiancé Matt Baier with a summons on February 9, 2017.
SEE THE PROOF! 
“The Plaintiff complains of the defendant and says that on June 3, 2016 the Plaintiff rented to the Defendant at a rent of $2,200 per month,” the court filing reads. “On February 8th 2017 said tenancy expired by the terms thereof for the reason late/unpaid rent, alterations to property without owner’s approval, excessive damage to property.”
The filing continues that although the Plaintiff should have possession of the home as of February 8th, 2017, Portwood and Baier unlawfully detain possession of the property.
The landlords are asking for $2,640 in damages to be paid, judgement for possession of the premises, court costs and other forms of relief.
PHOTOS: ‘Teen Mom’ Star Amber Portwood Flashes Engagement Ring While Out With Fiancé In NYC
Portwood and Baier are expected to appear in court for the eviction hearing on March 9, 2017.
This is the second time this year the MTV stars have been sued for damaging their home. In a January 11th lawsuit obtained from the Warren Township Small Claims Court, property management company Zuluscape sued them because they failed to pay damages for their rental home.
The landlord claims he had to paint the whole house using a deodorizer because of the pet smell. He was also forced to purchase a new carpet.
PHOTOS: Amber Portwood Before She Was Famous: Adorable Childhood Photos
Other damages include drywall repair, vertical blind replacement, six new mini blinds, new door knob, hardwire new smoke detector, set of four drip plans, removal and dump of contents left behind, and weed, mulch, brush removal, gutter cleaning and fence repair.
The landlord also claims they owe $1,648.24 in unpaid rent.
They are set to appear in court for the hearing on February 23, 2017.
On the most recent season of TMOG, Portwood expressed her fear of moving into the high-end neighborhood.
“I feel weird being in this neighborhood,” the former convict said. “I’m not the same as these people, especially when you’re living across the street from a prosecutor.”
Are you surprised she’s being sued again? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n