Piers Morgan Accuses 'Militant Activist' Beyoncé Of Playing 'The Race Card' With Lemonade — And The Beyhive Is NOT Having It!/n

Piers Morgan is officially the next name on the Beyhive's sh*t list!
Beyoncé dropped Lemonade over the weekend — along with an accompanying visual album — and it's gotten quite a few people talking.
After the soulful singer alluded to an alleged affair her husband Jay Z had, the pop star's fans have been on the hunt for "Becky with the good hair."
Related: Wendy Williams Also Slams Lemonade!
They've taken to social media to slam the suspects: Rita Ora, Rachel Roy, and (unfortunately due to a massive misunderstanding) Rachael Ray.
But now, they're after the British journalist for a completely different reason.
On Monday, the controversial celeb penned a piece for DailyMail in which he SLAMMED the gorgeous gal's latest musical release.
While the TV personality prefaced by saying he's a huge fan of the fierce female's, he explained that he did not like Lemonade because of the "deeply political and race-fueled tone."
The 51-year-old called out the artist's inclusion of Mike Brown and Trayvon Martin's mourning mothers, saying: 
"I have huge personal sympathy for both women and there is no doubt that African-Americans have been treated appallingly by certain rogue elements within the country's police forces. But I felt very uneasy watching these women being used in this way to sell an album. It smacks of shameless exploitation."
He also reflected on an interview he conducted with the music icon five years ago, in which she explained that her success and career is not about race or color.
Piers then said Bey seems like a completely different person — and performer — writing:
"Beyoncé then was unrecognisable from the militant activist we see now. Then, she was at pains to be seen as an entertainer and musician and not as a black woman who sings. Now, it seems to be the complete opposite."
He continued to criticize the hitmaker's latest project, lamenting:
"The new Beyoncé wants to be seen as a black woman political activist first and foremost, entertainer and musician second. I still think she's a wonderful singer and performer, and some of the music on Lemonade is fantastic. But I have to be honest, I preferred the old Beyoncé. The less inflammatory, agitating one. The one who didn't use grieving mothers to shift records and further fill her already massively enriched purse. The one who didn't play the race card so deliberately and to my mind, unnecessarily. The one who wanted to be judged on her stupendous talent not her skin color, and wanted us all to do the same."
Wow. It seems like Piers really feels strongly about this!
And naturally, the BeyHive is not here for his op-ed! Fans took to Twitter to bash the Brit, posting things like:

beyonce isn't here to please Piers Morgan & this album wasn't made for him. Good day. #LEMONADE
— Hot Sauce (@geraldobah) April 25, 2016


I wrote a piece about Piers Morgan's piece about Beyonce. It's entitled, "STAHP"
— Amelia Badelia (@HeartsMiMi) April 25, 2016


piers morgan is so goddamn annoying he's trying to become a figure shaming beyonce for what
— ㅤ (@DlCKGRAYSN) April 25, 2016


Piers Morgan has a massive ego mixed with extreme delusion. He absolutely thinks people want to hear his opinions on Beyonce and race.
— Ashley (@ashcech) April 25, 2016


Piers Morgan article on Beyonce..Pfft disappointing
You are uncomfortable cos she is so Black now.That she condemns the killing of her pple
— Omoba Adefioye (@fezyexquisite) April 25, 2016


Piers all over the world are hoping they collapse into the sea for fear of any association with Piers Morgan.
— Nadia (@NadiaKamil) April 25, 2016


Piers Morgan's misogyny knows no bounds. He tried to slut-shame Kim, he's trying to tell B what she can and can't do - he's always concerned
— Machiavelli In Heels (@Tha_Phoenix) April 25, 2016


Who wants to break it to @piersmorgan that Beyoncé doesn't make records for pasty journos like him?
— Joshua Dixon (@JoshDixonTweets) April 25, 2016
Even How To Get Away With Murder star Matt McGorry is going after Piers, writing:

A man who loves his mom can still be a misogynist, right? I don't believe that saying you have "huge @piersmorgan https://t.co/7WA9fEquLY
— Matt McGorry (@MattMcGorry) April 25, 2016


.@piersmorgan respect" for her (as an artist & businesswoman) doesn't mean you can't also be supporting racism (unbeknownst to you). It's no
— Matt McGorry (@MattMcGorry) April 25, 2016


.@piersmorgan different than saying you have "black friends" and therefore can't be racist. Do you agree with that?
— Matt McGorry (@MattMcGorry) April 25, 2016
Mr. Morgan has been doing his best to defend himself online, but what do U think of his controversial comments?! Let us know!
[Image via Derrick Salters/WENN.]
/n