Schwarzenegger's Baby Mama Get Paid for Magazine Tell-All? She may be the mother of Arnold Schwarzenegger's illegitimate child. But don't think for a second Mildred Baena is whoring herself out to make a quick buck. Really. Th.../n
She may be the mother of Arnold Schwarzenegger's illegitimate child. But don't think for a second Mildred Baena is whoring herself out to make a quick buck. Really.The Sperminator's longtime housekeeper/mistress is addressing reports that Hello! magazine paid her for her highly sought-after first sit-down.Here's what Team Mildred is saying:

"She gave the interview in order to set the record straight once and for all," attorney Michael J. Salz tells E! News. "Mildred was tired of people selling their lies to the media or claiming to speak for her when they do not."OK, so he didn't exactly come out and say she wasn't raking in the dough (it's what's called in the obfuscation biz a "nondenial denial").As for how the interview was conducted, Salz says: "We did not personally pre-approve the questions or place limitations on the topics to be covered; Mildred talked about those areas that she was willing to discuss and kept private those that she was not. All she wanted to do was put the lies and rumors to rest. And we believe that she has done that through this interview."Glad he cleared that up.TMZ separately reported that the interview for Hello! was conducted by a freelance reporter who's a close associate of Salz.In the interview, Baena discussed her longterm relationship with Schwarzenegger, how she informed her son of his DNA donor and her confession to Maria Shriver about her boy's biological daddy.As for Baena's financial situation, she's since retired from her former position in the Schwarzenegger household (and what a position that was!) and living in a comfortable home in Bakersfield, Calif., reportedly paid for by Schwarzenegger.Speaking of whom, there's been no imediate comment from either Schwarzenegger or Shriver on Baena's revelations.
/n