‘Emily Owens, M.D.’ Stars Mamie Gummer, Justin Hartley and Michael Rady Diagnose the Romantic Tension (VIDEO)/n





                    'Supernatural' Stars on S8
                







Jensen Ackles, Jared Padalecki and Misha Collins preview.

 MORE >>





 The CW is finally getting into the medical procedural game with their new drama, Emily Owens, M.D. And of course, where there is a hospital full of young, attractive people stressed out from their crazy hours and intense patients comes ample opportunity for hook-ups. But because Emily Owens, M.D. comes with the added drama of characters having had relationships with each other since high school, things are bound to get even soapier, even faster.
Luckily for Emily (Mamie Gummer) herself, though, she’s at the center of this story. So, she’s bound to get at least one of the guys, right?
What does Gummer, Justin Hartley, and Michael Rady want you to know about Emily Owens, M.D.?

Emily is a new first-year surgical resident at Denver Memorial Hospital. Kind of an awkward girl in her younger days but successful even if not quite witty in college, she is eager to finally come into her own by starting her profession. If only the world were so simple, right?


shots from the 'emily Owens, M.D.' series premiere








































12 Photos »


According to Gummer, Emily is still awkward and at times very neurotic. No one can change overnight, after all. And Emily is so much so that in a pivotal upcoming episode, she goes on a “rampage” before her new friends come to her apartment for the first time.
“She has to hide all of the things that are potentially embarrassing like childhood photos of glasses and braces, and some romance novels get shoved in the back,” Gummer laughed when Celebuzz caught up with her on the Vancouver set of Emily Owens, M.D.
Emily’s confidence problems stir anew when she is confronted by her old high school nemesis, the uber-competitive Cassandra Kopelson (Aja Naomi King) and when her current crush Will (Justin Hartley) rejects her.
“Emily’s got a big heart,” she continued. “She doesn’t take it as competitive as Cassandra does. They’re working together, and they’re potentially sharing this very important person in their lives, so they’re playing nice.”


key art for the CW's new fall shows






















3 Photos »


Things can’t be completely conflict-free or there would be no story to withstand episodes after the pilot, though. The fact that Will and Cassandra have a thing going when the show starts is bound to get under one’s skin eventually. Even if Emily is too oblivious to notice what’s going on her around her at first — and she is — those around her aren’t.
“A lot of the things that they know about each other were found out in high pressure situations in med school,” Hartley noted.
“Now it’s real. Now you’re operating on real people, and it’s life or death situations, and he starts to see her differently professionally, but also personally. I think sometimes when something is presented to you that you weren’t aware of, I think there’s a knee-jerk reaction, and then after you’ve had time to sort of slow down and take a breath, you start to look at it differently, and I think that’s what Will’s going through right now.”
Will also can’t ignore Emily catching the eye of the Chief Surgical Resident (Michael Rady), because it creates a kind of “love square” that will be a slow burn to play out.
“You get a glimpse in the pilot of Micah’s affection for Emily Owens,” Rady pointed out. “But we’re on Episode 6 right now, and Micah’s still testing the waters.”
Emily Owens, M.D. is told through Emily’s point of view, but Micah is a very close second in terms of someone who is pushed and pulled and asked to play a wide variety of emotions. On the pilot episode, he has to tell his own mother she has cancer, and Rady shared that this storyline is one that actually serves to bring him closer to Emily.


the scene at the cbs/showtime/the CW fall 2012 TCA press tour








































12 Photos »


“When he’s not leaning on himself, he’s leaning on Emily,” Rady explained. “I think Micah tries to kind of collect himself and plow ahead. He’s not phased; he can handle it all. I think Emily’s kind of a light in this world that he can go to and open up and be honest about how he feels,” Rady previewed.
Emily Owens, M.D. premieres on The CW on Oct. 16 at 9 PM, but you can watch the pilot online above.
How would you choose between Justin Hartley and Michael Rady? Let us know in the comments below!
– Danielle Turchiano

 brightcove.createExperiences();

 
/n