Amy Schumer’s Giant Tip for Her Bartenders Is Proof That She Understands the Struggling Artist Hustle/n





                    WATCH: Amy Schumer Vows to 'Keep Exposing' Herself
                







Let it all hang out, girl.

 MORE >>





And we literally have the receipts.

Amy Schumer was a most generous tipper on Saturday night while enjoying a performance of Hamilton the musical when she tacked on a $1000 gratuity to her $77 bar tab. The show’s bartender Madeline DeJohn told Gothamist that a member of her party came to the bar with another order during intermission with the adjusted bill saying, “Amy wants to make sure you get this.”



And then @amyschumer comes into your work and does something amazing #hamilton #amyschumer
A photo posted by Madeleine DeJohn (@madeleinedejohn) on Mar 19, 2016 at 8:19pm PDT



 
“My co-worker looked at it and didn’t know what to say. She showed it to me and I was equally speechless,” added DeJohn. “We’ve served a lot of celebrities at Hamilton and we’ve received some nice tips but never before had I seen a tip that even came close to this one.”


Inside Amy Schumer's $2.075 Million New York City Penthouse








































10 Photos »


The bartender claims that Schumer noted during a previous visit to the show that her gracious tipping tendency comes from her experience as a struggling New York artist.
“Most of the bartenders in my company are artists, myself included, and this is our survival job while we try to ‘make it,'” said DeJohn. “Amy knows what it’s like to struggle in the service industry while trying to find success. When she came to the bar a few months ago and put $80 in our tip jar, I went up to her and thanked her and she basically was like, ‘Of course, I’ve been there, I get it, you guys are great.’ I’ve never encountered this kind of generosity before.”

From the bartenders @ @HamiltonMusical thank you @amyschumer for making our night! @madeleinedejohn@michael09442299pic.twitter.com/m525TRuf37
— Sara Laursen (@sblaursen) March 20, 2016

Launch the gallery at the top of the page to view photos of Schumer at the Critics Choice Awards.

/n