character (and possibly ours). We caught up with the beauty at the Product 'n' Press event last month and got to hear all about her master plans for Hilda Suarez in season four, as well as which boy she thinks Betty should romance .../n
Ana Ortiz may be ecstatic about her new, real-life role as a mom, but that hasn't stopped her from gushing about her favorite Ugly Betty character (and possibly ours).We caught up with the beauty at the Product 'n' Press event last month and got to hear all about her master plans for Hilda Suarez in season four, as well as which boy she thinks Betty should romance once and for all...

Do you think Justin will ever get a sibling?I'm hoping so. I would love that. I would love to see Hilda pregnant. I think she's going to be hysterical because she's very vain, and she likes her tight outfits. She's such a crack-up, but she also loves being a mother. I think that's where she gets the most pride, from her son and her family.Will Ignacio's girlfriend, Elena (played by Lauren Vélez), come back from California?I hope she comes back. But I don't think she'll be back because she's on Dexter. Ignacio's heart will be broken, but I think now he's back in the game. It'll open up his dating life a bit more, which will be fun.Will that give Hilda the opportunity to play matchmaker?[Laughs.] That's genius! I'm gonna pitch that. That's hysterical. She could set him up with one of her salon customers and keep trying to do that, and it's always a disaster.Who would be your dream salon customer?Bette Midler. Jennifer Lopez. I would be in heaven. There are so many fabulous women.So do you ever get sad that you don't get to work with some of the show's big guest stars?Yes! I always tell the producers, 'They have to come to Queens! Every once in a while, you've gotta bring some of these fabulous guest stars to Queens. Or else let us go to Mode once in a while!' But yes, I get jealous of the guest stars; I get jealous of the clothes they get to wear. Vanessa Williams is always walking around in the most fabulous, gorgeous things, and then I go to my closet, and it's like wah-wah.Speaking of guest stars, how was working with Ralph Macchio?It was really fun. I remember him from back in the day, and I was a little starstruck at first. But he's so normal. He's so down the earth. He's a dad, he's a husband and he's such a New Yorker. He's so New York. It's hysterical.There's been a lot of moving on this show, first from L.A. to New York, and now to Fridays at 9 p.m.I think it's really where it's supposed to be. Next season is going to be more New York because we're going to a later time slot at 9 p.m., so they're really going to push the envelope even more. I'm just really excited.OK, so once and for all, who should Betty be with: Henry, Matt or Gio?Honestly, I think Betty should be with Betty for a while. It'd be really interesting for her to get back into that Betty groove and leave these guys in the dust for a little while and work on herself—get into a professional groove even more. But if I had to pick...It's a hard choice. They're all so juicy. I'm a little partial to Gio because it's Freddy Rodriguez. I mean, c'mon.Totes.Season four of Ugly Betty premieres Oct. 9, at 9 p.m. on ABC.
/n