Judd Apatow Sues Insurance Company For Not Covering Over $670K In Hurricane Damages/n
Judd Apatow isn’t letting his insurance company get away with refusing pay up! RadarOnline.com has obtained exclusive court papers that reveal the director is demanding American Bankers Insurance Company pay for flood damage to his $12 million Malibu mansion.
Apatow, 48, is accusing the company of denying the benefits owed on his policy, which covers up to 250k in building damages and 100k in damages to contents of the home.
READ THE BOMBSHELL LAWSUIT!
On October 14, he filed an amended complaint and explained the damage to his Malibu mansion was over $673,000. He says he notified the company of the loss a day later on October 13, 2014.
“Mr. Apatow is entitled to the full benefits and protections provided by the Policies,” the lawsuit read. “Mr. Apatow reasonably expected the Policies to protect him in connection with damage caused to his property by flood and reasonably relied upon the Policy for such protection.”
He explained how his property suffered physical loss when waves and high tides from an offshore hurricane broke through the seawall that protects the property. The sand that supported the concrete foundation under part of the property was washed away, causing the section to collapse and damaging the “Tea Room.”
PHOTOS: Arrests, Knife Attacks & Dealing Drugs: Inside Amy Schumer’s Dark, Painful Past
But the company fired back, accusing him of waiting too long to file the claim due to the statute of limitations.
Claims adjuster for American, Elaine Anderson, sent a letter to Apatow explaining why they refused to cover the costs.
“Among other things, American stated through this letter that (i) the Policy did not provide coverage for decks; (ii) the Policy did not provide coverage for bulkheads (seawalls); and (iii) the concrete slab under the Tea Room was not considered a part of the building’s foundation,” the lawsuit read.
The insurance company asked the suit be thrown out and Apatow not be rewarded the unspecified damages he demanded.
PHOTOS: Amy Schumer Puts Her Beach Body On Display In Hawaii
The insurance policy was taken out in March 2014 after purchasing the home back in 2013 with his actress wife Leslie Mann.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n