Thomas Gibson Joins Twitter Following Criminal Minds Firing — But Is The Actor Planning On Fighting The Termination Decision?/n

Gone but not forgotten!
Earlier this week, Thomas Gibson made the brave decision to join Twitter in order to keep in touch with his fans after his very public firing from Criminal Minds. Has anyone warned the 54-year-old about internet trolls yet?
Related: Shemar Says His 'Karma' Message Was NOT About Thomas
For his first post on the social media site, the Dharma & Greg alum penned: 

I wish I could thank each of you for your friendship & support. I love "Criminal Minds," & I'm disappointed by what's happened #ThomasGibson
— Thomas Gibson (@ImThomasGibson) August 16, 2016
Well, yeah we can only imagine he's kicking himself right now (sorry we had to). In case you forgot, the father of three was axed from the CBS crime drama after he allegedly kicked one of CM's writers amid a creative dispute on-set.
While Gibson may no longer be on the FBI-themed procedural, he's determined to stay connected with his fans. We mean, Thomas WAS on the show for 10+ years. He continued:

I'm here on #Twitter so we can stay connected in the days to come, and talk directly with each other. #ThomasGibson
— Thomas Gibson (@ImThomasGibson) August 16, 2016


The support you show means the world to me and my family. This is not an ending, but a beginning as well. Thank you all. #ThomasGibson
— Thomas Gibson (@ImThomasGibson) August 17, 2016
Tissues, anyone?! Nonetheless, it seems Gibson is planning on fighting his termination as it's been reported that the writer whom Thomas assaulted, named Virgil Williams, had a violent past of his own. Hmm, go on!
According to TMZ, when Virgil was writing for ER back in 2006, he got into it with one female production assistant when he learned the PA was going to be taking his spot on the show's softball team. Wait, what?
Reportedly, Williams dragged the young woman into his office and threatened her life and her career over the spot on the team. While things allegedly never got physical, the up-and-comer did leave the situation in tears. Whoa.
At the time, Virgil was suspended from the show and forced to take anger management classes. Huh.
Now it appears Thomas has gotten his hands on this information and plans to use it as he feels he was wrongly fired from Criminal Minds — and is certainly considering taking legal action. The only catch, the producers are siding with Williams on this one and the writer hasn't had an incident since the mid '00s.
It'll be inneresting to see if Thomas tries to get his Twitter followers to petition him back on the show. We guess we'll just have to wait and see!
[Image via WENN.]
/n