Alec Baldwin Tweets He’s ‘Leaving NBC’ In Wake Of ‘Today’ Show Stalker Ambush/n





                    Baldwin's Stalker Reveal
                







Alec Baldwin's stalker leaves jail.

 MORE >>










                    Alec Engaged
                







Alec Baldwin and Hilaria Thomas are getting hitched!

 MORE >>










                    Alec's Ring Bling
                







See Hilaria's engagement ring!

 MORE >>





 Is Alec Baldwin leaving 30 Rock?
The Emmy winner, 54, posted a number of angry tweets on Wednesday morning directed at NBC, one of which read: “I think I’m leaving NBC just in time.”
Though he reportedly renewed his contract for next season of his critically acclaimed show, this tweet may have people questioning his return. However, a source close to the actor tells Celebuzz exclusively that “nothing has changed” and that he has not left 30 Rock. 
The angry Twitter posts are in regards to the TODAY show having a photo team outside his home following news that his stalker was arrested earlier this week. “No one from NBC contacted me until the Today Show arrived at my apt,” he tweeted, adding of NBC’s morning show: 

“Outside my apt today, along side the other stalkers from the tabloid press, a crew that identified themselves as being with the Today Show.”
The Twitter rant continued: 
The television crew camped outside my apt said they were with the Today Show.#howthemightyhavefallen
— AB (@alecbaldwin) April 11, 2012
And it didn’t stop there, with Alec writing: “I haven’t appeared on the Today Show in many years. But did they have to camp outside my apt? … A story about stalking sure brings out the stalkers in the media. But, the Today Show?”
He also made a joke at the expense of a New York Post columnist, tweeting: “This just in: Andrea Peyser is joining the cast of the Today Show.” The writer is known for uncovering scandals. 
Baldwin’s stalker, French-Canadian actress Genevieve Sabourin, was released without bail from police custody late Monday, under a judge’s order to stay away from the 30 Rock star. Baldwin reportedly told cops that he was trying to help Genevieve, 40, land some movie roles, but she is insisting that the pair had more than a platonic relationship — and even sent him a series of emails.
Genevieve’s arrest outside the actor’s Manhattan apartment on Sunday night came a week after he announced his engagement to 28-year-old yoga instructor Hilaria Thomas. It was that news that reportedly led to the alleged stalker to bombard him with a series of emails.
Hilaria was also a victim of the paparazzi bombarding Alec’s home, the actor tweeting: 
A photographer attempting to snap a shot of @hilariathomas backed up into and tripped over a baby in a stroller.Man…..
— AB (@alecbaldwin) April 11, 2012
/n