and hugged and kissed him. Cars driving up the hill began honking and people all around us began cheering." Her fiancé Adam Touni had family friend Jeanette Blacy from Blacy's Fine Jewelers design the ring, (that is close to three .../n
UPDATE: Brittany Daniel is sharing new details about her special proposal on Christmas Day. "We hiked to Tennessee Valley Cove in Marin County and then drove to the Marin Headlands...a scenic look out to the bay and the Golden Gate Bridge," the actress shared with E! News exclusively. "He got on his knee and asked if I would marry him. I was in shock and grabbed and hugged and kissed him. Cars driving up the hill began honking and people all around us began cheering."Her fiancé Adam Touni had family friend Jeanette Blacy from Blacy's Fine Jewelers design the ring, (that is close to three carats) which proved to be a crowd-pleaser. "I've waited 40 years to meet my now best friend, and life partner, Adam Touni!" Brittany shared with us. "Finding love after surviving such a serious health crisis makes me feel such gratitude for finding a true partner and makes me believe that anything is possible. We look forward to having children in the next couple of years." Jeanette Blacy of Blacy's Fine Jewelers designed the ring with Brittany's twin, Cynthia Daniel.

The beaming bride-to-be's 109-faceted patented Crisscut round diamond is valued at approximately 3 carats. The design features an 18-carat yellow gold mounting with 28 round brilliant cut (58) facets melee pave, set with Milgrained detailing. "I have known Adam since he was 6 months old, and it was an honor to make this for him," Blacy gushes. "She is a lucky girl!""I know the ring is wider than what her twin Cynthia said she liked, but with the size of this diamond, we needed to support it!" Blacy tells E! News exclusively. "Being an identical twin myself, her input was very valuable in designing this beautiful engagement ring for Brittany."———————————————————Engagement season really has begun!

Sweet Valley High actress Brittany Daniel is engaged to her boyfriend Adam Touni. The couple announced the news on Instagram, where they both shared pictures that put the gorgeous sparkler on display. "I said yes! My world just became brighter today," Daniel captioned her very-smiley picture. "#engagement #christmas #love #proposal #marinheadlands #family @adam.touni."The real estate broker's photo showed them kissing while putting the diamond front and center. "She said 'yes'! In the words of my fiancé, @iambdaniel 'Merry Christmas, y'all!' #engagementring #engaged #christmasengagement #christmaspresent," Touni captioned his picture.

Daniel credited her family and her father's battle with cancer for giving her the strength to fight the disease."When you have cancer, you are pretty scared," she said. "You think you are going to die. I was Stage IV. I was really bad off. But I remember thinking, 'I am getting through this. I am not dying from this.' And I think that that is so my dad. That is my dad's strength."She added, "I remember just going into this warrior mode. I just feel like that was my dad. I feel like he was a big part of me getting through it, even though he wasn't there."(Originally published Dec. 26, 2016 at 10:09 a.m. PST)
/n