Jimmy Fallon Fights Back Tears as He Describes "Disgusting" Charlottesville Events/n
"I was watching the news, like everyone else, and you're seeing Nazi flags and torches and white supremacists. I was sick to my stomach. My daughters were in the next room playing and I'm thinking, 'How can I explain to them that there's so much hatred in this world? They're 2 years old and 4 years old. They don't know what hate is. They go to the playground and they have friends of all races and backgrounds. They just play and they laugh and they have fun.' But as kids grow up, they need people to look up to, to show them what's right and good," Fallon said. "They need parents and teachers and they need leaders who appeal to the best in us.""The fact that it took the president two days to come out and clearly denounce racists and white supremacists is shameful," he said. "I think he finally spoke out because people everywhere stood up and said something. It's important for everyone, especially white people in this country, to speak out against this. Ignoring it is just as bad as supporting it. Remember, there are people who have given their lives to make sure this kind of hate doesn't spread. They've fought and died on the right side of history. One brave woman in Charlottesville, Heather Heyer, died standing up for what's right at the age of 32. I can't look at my beautiful, growing, curious daughters and say nothing when these kind of things happen. We all need to stand against what is wrong, acknowledge that racism exists, and stand up for what is right and civil and kind, and to show the next generation that we haven't forgotten how hard people have fought for human rights. We can't do this. We can't go backward. We can't go backward."

Later in the episode, Meyers spent over 10 minutes analyzing Trump's press conference. "We happen to have a president who has no problem quickly condemning things when he feels like it," the host said. "Trump has a permanent hard-on for condemnation, yet when it came time to condemn white supremacists and Nazis, it was Limp Dick City...That statement was so limp, he should have concluded by saying, 'This has never happened to me before.'""After two days of relentless public pressure, the president finally got around to saying specifically that Nazis are bad. It shouldn't take longer for the president to do the right thing than it takes to get a package from Amazon. In fact, it would have taken less time to literally order a DVD copy of Do the Right Thing," he said, later adding, "In a presidency that essentially just been an uninterrupted series of low moments, this weekend was the lowest yet. We shouldn't have to shame or pressure the president of the United States into saying that Nazis are bad. Mr. President, you didn't have to rise to the level of FDR of JFK; all you had to do was show the same courage and moral clarity as the people who make tiki torches, and you failed."

"So then, after much prayer and reflection, the President this morning decided to take the difficult step of condemning Nazis and the Klan—which was big for him, because this is the sort of thing that could alienate his base," he said. "Even he knew he had to say something, and so, after a few minutes of bragging about the economy, he did: 'Racism is evil and those who cause violence in its name are criminals and thugs, including the KKK, neo-Nazis, white supremacists and other hate groups that are repugnant to everything we hold dear as Americans.'""What a difference a teleprompter makes! It's night and day. He sounds like a kid whose parents made him apologize for egging their neighbor's house. It's unbelievable," he said after airing part of the press conference. "If there's any silver lining to this—and there isn't, by the way—it's that any vacation he was hoping to have is now ruined. It's been a terrible vacation."

(E! and NBC are both members of the NBCUniversal family.)
/n