Prince's Alleged Half Brother Files Shocking New Claim Against His Estate/n
The courtroom just got more crowded! Two more people have come forward to claim a piece of Prince‘s estate, RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal.
Dr. Roskco Motes filed paperwork with Carver County Court in Minnesota this week, claiming that he is Prince’s half-brother and asserting that he and the late singer share a father. However, Motes does not claim to be the son of Prince’s dad, John Nelson!
“Haywood Nelson Sr. is my father. He passed away on November 15, 2005,” Motes’ affidavit heirship says. “According to my father, Haywood Nelson, Sr., he is the [real] father of Prince Rogers Nelson.”
PHOTOS: Inside Prince’s Star-Studded Jehovah’s Witness Funeral
Motes’ claim comes about a month after a meme surfaced that suggested that the musician and former 70’s sitcom, What’s Happening actor Haywood Nelson – the son of the man who Motes alleges fathered him and Prince – are actually half brothers.
Meanwhile, Catherine Bellante of Highland Heights, Ohio filed a motion in court demanding she be reimbursed by the estate for unpaid production services.
“Our company provided audio services for rehearsals, shows and events for Paisley Park, as well as other venues requested by production,” she said in her written statement of claim. “Services provided from November 13, 2014 to May 16, 2015 have not been paid in full.”
PHOTOS: Caribbean Paradise: See Inside Prince’s Lavish $12 Million Mansion
As proof, she claimed that invoices were addressed to NPG Music – one of the late singer’s production companies. She wants $256,010.89 from the estate.
As Radar reported, the “Purple Rain” singer died suddenly on April 21. In June, his death was ruled to be a result of a “self-administered fentanyl” overdose, according to the Midwest Medical Examiner’s Office.
Since then, several people have come forward attempting to claim a chunk of Prince’s roughly $300 million estate. Alleged heirs and other court proceedings are set to be addressed at highly anticipated probate hearing on June 27. /n