 New Tell-All May Reveal Oprah Winfrey’s Relationship Secrets With Fiancé Stedman Graham,.../n
In a shocking act of betrayal, a new tell-all claims to expose the secrets of media mogul Oprah Winfrey’s mysterious relationship with longtime fiancé Stedman Graham.
A new issue of The National ENQUIRER reveals that Courtney Shelton – the 36-year-old daughter of Stedman’s sister Anita – is shopping her book to literary agents in a bid to get it on to bookshelves, a publishing source exclusively told The ENQUIRER.
“I was very shocked at the picture she painted of her family,” the source said. “She describes – in a written pitch – Stedman’s ‘abuse’ toward his family and how Oprah turned a blind eye to everything!
PHOTOS: Oprah: Through The Years
“She also claims some members of her own family treated Stedman’s daughter from a past marriage very badly.”
Stedman, a motivational speaker, became engaged to marry Oprah in 1992, but the pair never wed and now say they share a “spiritual union.”
The ENQUIRER, on newsstands now, tracked Courtney down in Atlanta to ask her about her book, and she confirmed she’s been shopping it around to “a select number of agents,” but has yet to strike up a deal.
PHOTOS: Cheating, Gay Lovers, Incest, Drugs & Lip Synching! 50 Of Hollywood’s Juiciest Confessions
While Courtney did not elaborate on the book’s mysterious contents, she said of 60-year-old Oprah: “At first, I just thought she’s my uncle’s girlfriend – but she wasn’t good for the family. The media frenzy made our problems much worse than what they really were, and she did nothing to help us.”
As for Winfrey’s camp, an insider told The ENQUIRER: “It’s a betrayal because Oprah and Stedman did nothing to bring this on, but they obviously can’t control the actions of his family.
“Oprah had always been close to Stedman’s family members and never turned ‘a blind eye.’ When Wendy had some drinking problems in 2008, Oprah helped place her in a rehab facility.
PHOTOS: Hollywood Housekeepers & Assistants Tell All — 31 Scandalous Secrets Of The Stars
“And before his mom passed away in 2010, Oprah and Stedman would often visit her at her home in New Jersey.
When Stedman was honored a few years back in his hometown, Oprah came out and encouraged the rest of his family to be there. The fact is he never abused anybody. Stedman’s one of the most honorable guys around.”
From the looks of it, sources say Shelton’s book may detail shocking stories about the duo, including Oprah’s alleged drug use, jealousy, and cheating, and explosive comments made by her dad! /n