Obama Inauguration: What the Stars Are Saying (VIDEO)/n





                    Celebs at the Inauguration
                







See which stars attended the 2013 Presidential event.

 MORE >>










                    10 Obama Memes
                







The 10 best reelection memes dedicated to the P.O.T.U.S.

 MORE >>





 It’s official: Barack Obama is back for four more years in the White House.
With approximately 600,000 people assembled on the National Mall and millions more watching worldwide, Obama and Vice President Joe Biden were sworn in front of the Capitol in Washington, D.C., shortly before noon on Monday, a date on which the nation honors Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. .
The swearing-in was solely ceremonial, following their formal, constitutionally-prescribed oath of office in the privacy of the White House residence Sunday. But the commemoration packed much star-powered celebration.
 

President Barack Obama Officially Sworn In for Second term








































8 Photos »



Before Obama preaching about America’s founding principles in his second Inaugural Address, James Taylor sang “America the Beautiful” and American Idol alum Kelly Clarkson belted out “My Country ‘Tis of Thee.” But it was Beyoncé— and her soaring rendition of the Star-Spangled Banner — that garnered the biggest wave of cheers from the the Washington crowd.
And the applause continued on Twitter, as the social media site lit up with 1.1 million tweets during the ceremony (a lot more online chatter than Obama’s first inauguration, which tallied just 82,000 tweets).
 

Celebrities Who Support Barack Obama








































20 Photos »



So as the Obama continue on this historic day — which will see them lead the traditional parade down Pennsylvania Avenue before attending two official inaugural balls — see what Hollywood is saying about the inauguration on Twitter.
Eva Longoria: Happy Inauguration Day!!!
Michelle Obama: The president was Honored and blessed to be joining so many of my fellow Americans gathered to watch the Inauguration
Maria Shriver: What a moment. Barack Obama being sworn in on Martin Luther King Day. We live in a great country.
Bette Midler: HERE COMES O!!!!!
Andy Cohen: Missing Aretha’s hat already !
Alicia Keys: What a powerful day!! May we all take these powerful strides and continue moving forward!! Blessings!!
Sandra Bernhard: hail to the chief indeed! welcome back mr president @BarackObama we adore you.
Nancy O’Dell: Watching inauguration. Michelle Obama and the girls look sooooo beautiful!
Caroline Manzo: Kelly Clarkson was just amazing – wow #inaug2013
Olivia Wilde: This speech rocks hard. Let’s make it all happen!
Pattin Stanger: Cryin from @kelly_clarkson and the mention of equality for all! If this happens nationwide i will need to hire a bigger gay staff! Yippee!
Michael Ian Black: Michelle Obama needs to take it easy with the Latisse.
Joy Behar: Am I wrong, or is Obama the first president to mention gays in an inaugural speech.
Mia Farrow: Our journey is not complete until our gay brothers and sisters are treated like anyone else under the law President Obama #inauguration2013
Nicky Hilton: Beyoncé is everything! #Inaguaration2013
Eric Stonestreet: Earrings to match the mic chord. THAT’S preparation.
Piers Morgan: And THAT’S why she’s the No1 performer in world music…..incredible! #Beyonce #inauguration
La La Anthony: And there u have it!! @Beyonce put the exclamation point on this inauguration! #history
Naya Rivera: Loving this inaugural ceremony. #Obama #beyonce #beautiful.
Lo Bosworth: Kelly Clarkson??! Where’s my girl BEYONCE?
Soleil Moon Frye: “Even if I knew that tomorrow the world would go to pieces, I would still plant my apple tree.” ― Martin Luther King Jr.
Neil Patrick Harris: A brilliant speech today by @BarackObama. Inspiring stuff. I’m very proud to be an American.
Debi Mazar: They are fabulous!! RT @biggayicecream If no one has started a Twitter feed for Michelle Obama’s fierce false eyelashes, get on it!
Amber Riley: Preach POTUS!
Mark Ruffalo: “We will respond to the threat of climate change!” President Obama.
Ian Somerhalder: Tolerance and opportunity… Like that
Joan Rivers: Today starts President Obama’s next four years in the White House. Let’s hope the same isn’t true about the First Lady’s new hairdo.
Rob Delaney: I bet Martin Luther King hit the snooze button like 40 times to try & get back to his awesome dream.
Estelle: 4 more!!!!! and he looks so dapper. @michelleobama tres tres chic!
Nicky Hilton: It’s official! Congrats Mr. President! #Inaguaration2013
Kelly Rowland: The First Family look amazing! #History #Inauguration2013
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n