‘About A Boy’ Star David Walton Buys Hancock Park Panty-Dropping Palace for $1.7 Million/n
About A Boy star David Walton has a new TV show — so now that he’s moving up in the Hollywood hierarchy, he’s also climbing the real estate food chain.
The actor recently put his starring role moola to good use, buying a $1.7 million Los Angeles Spanish abode and selling his vintage Tinseltown condo for $700K, CB! has learned.

Walton and his actress wife, Majandra Delfino, along with their baby girl Cecelia, upgraded to new digs in the tony and historic L.A. nabe of Hancock Park where they found the perfect hacienda for their growing family.
The romantic 1920s home is surrounded by high walls and lush landscaping for the privacy he’ll soon need, given the comedy is already getting rave reviews after it premiered last night.
The four-bedroom is L.A. living at its finest with tons of Hollywood charm characteristic of the Roaring Twenties — a formal dining room with fireplace, open beam ceilings, deco-style stairway, curved archways, and French doors.
Every room of the 3,100 square foot pad is filled with natural sunlight and takes advantage of the year-round enviable weather from the patio and on the pergola for outdoor dining poolside to all the space for sunning by the spa, in the sun room, and there’s even a ‘secret’ balcony.
To make the big move, the New Girl star also had to move out of his other spread. Located in one of the most historic buildings in central L.A., it’s obvious the rising star has a thing for classic Hollywood glam. Designer done from top to bottom, the 2-bedroom, 2-bath that recently sold for $700,000 has a dramatic black & white marble foyer, hardwood floors, oversized sunbathed living room with views of downtown, remodeled kitchen with bold quartz counters, white marble bathrooms, and a custom boutique-style walk-in closet. Not to mention, the rooftop loggia, terraces, and billiards room in the building.
Go inside David’s new — and old — digs in the CB! gallery above.


chris evans lists his weho bachelor pad for $1.45 million








































19 Photos »


/n