Rosa Mendes Gets Engaged, Mandy Breaks Down Crying & More: 7 Shocking Total Divas Moments! The Divas have landed in Paris! On Tuesday's episode of Total Divas, the women traveled to the City of Love where one lucky Diva got engaged!.../n
The Divas have landed in Paris!On Tuesday's episode of Total Divas, the women traveled to the City of Love where one lucky Diva got engaged!That's right, Rosa Mendes' boyfriend Bobby Schubenski surprised her at the top of the Eiffel Tower and asked for her hand in marriage!If that wasn't shocking enough, Mandy broke down in tears during the episode when she felt she was being "ditched" by Eva Marie.What else happened on the episode?Take a look at the recap below to see all of the shocking moments from the latest episode of Total Divas!

1. Nikki Bella Reveals She's "Terrified" By Her Injury:Nikki Bella has been struggling with her neck injury for a while now and it doesn't seem to be getting any better, so she decides to visit the doctor with Nattie."At this point I've done everything I can rehab-wise for my injury and nothing has worked, so I'm terrified," Nikki says. "Honestly like I am in a lot of pain, I would be lying if I told you I wasn't, but my heart and my mind are pushing me to keep going."Nikki, Nattie and the doctor look at Nikki's X-rays and the doctor tells her "that's not normal.""Listen to your body," the doctor tells Nikki. "I know you do this so often, this is the thing you have to start listening to."

2. Alicia Fox & Eva Marie Make Up:When Eva Marie made her return to the WWE, there was major tension between her and Alicia Fox. The two ladies even had a tense argument shortly after Eva's return.So when the Divas arrived in Paris, Foxy decided that she wanted to "iron out and address" the argument with Eva."I'm so happy you came into our room, because I wanted to talk to you about when I was mean to you in the car," Foxy tells Eva.Eva tells Foxy "it's cool" and that she gets it."We're like sisters, you know what I mean?" Eva tells Foxy. "We're gonna fight hard, we're gonna love hard, not everyone's gonna see eye to eye on many things and then we'll talk it out, fight it out, hug it out and get over it."

3. Rosa Mendes Gets Engaged:While in Paris, Paige set up a "massive surprise" for Rosa at the Eiffel Tower. When the ladies reached the top of the Eiffel Tower, Rosa's boyfriend Bobby was there waiting.A shocked Rosa didn't have any idea what he was doing there, and then he got down on one knee and proposed!Rosa's response? "Yes!"

4. Foxy Asks Eva Marie for Advice:After Foxy and Eva make up, Foxy asks Eva what to do about her friendship with Rosa. There's been a lot of tension between the two and Foxy doesn't know what to do.Watch the video above to see what Eva tells Foxy she should do about her friendship with Rosa!

5. Foxy & Rosa Repair Their Friendship:After her talk with Eva, Foxy decided to have a talk with Rosa about their friendship."Hey Ro, I need to talk to you," Foxy says to Rosa.The ladies then decided to take a walk so they could talk. After they discuss what caused their tension, both Rosa and Foxy admit that they missed each other.When they finished their talk, the ladies met up with the Divas and Rosa announces, "We made up!"

6. The Divas Draw a Nude Model:On the episode, Nattie tells the Divas she's only ever been with her husband, TJ. After hearing this, Paige decides to set up a surprise for Nattie."I'm gonna do something special for the girls tonight," Paige explained. "And I think Nattie's going to really enjoy this one."She then says, "Operation let Nattie see another man's D is on the way!"How dose Nattie react when the model strips down?"What the? Paige this is disgusting."Nattie then becomes more comfortable with the model and tells him, "I like your hair."By the end of the drawing session the ladies even take a selfie with the model!

7. Mandy Breaks Down Crying:When Eva Marie started spending a lot of time with Nikki and Brie Bella in Paris, Mandy felt left out.Then at the end of the episode, Eva Marie went to dinner with Nikki, Brie and Nattie and didn't invite Mandy."So I've already been ditched by Eva once," Mandy explained. "Now I'm just kinda really feeling left out. It feels a little bit, you know, upsetting to think that Eva…we were kinda bonding and now she's not even inviting me to go out to dinner."After Mandy finds out Eva went to dinner with the Bellas, she starts to cry."Getting thrown into something like this crazy and trying so hard to be nice and fit in somewhere… it's just a lot to overcome," Mandy explains. "I definitely start to see Eva's true colors, I'm not a kiss-ass and I'm not gonna forget about it."
/n