 Inside Alleged Killer Cosmo DiNardo's Lethal Past & The ATV Accident That Ruined Him.../n
The 20-year-old allegedly behind the killing of the four Pennsylvania men, Cosmo DiNardo, has come forward with even more chilling confessions regarding his violent past, RadarOnline.com can report.
The heir to a real estate and construction fortune in suburban Philadelphia, DiNardo allegedly showed signs of severe anger issues and stalker-like behavior form an early age – later, things got much more violent.
According to a source, after dropping out of college, DiNardo would return to campus to harass former professors. He was banned form the school after various “verbal incidents.”
Said Amber Peters, 20, whose boyfriend was close to the criminal: “Cosmo was crazy. He’s been talking about killing people since he was 14.”
PHOTOS: Teen Mom Maci’s Baby Daddy Ryan Edwards Admits To Murdering Cats 
As Radar can reveal, DiNardo has recently confessed to having killed the four Pennsylvania men with the help of his cousin Sean Kratz, in his family’s farm land. During his confession, the prosecutor’s office said, he also claimed that, at 15, he killed two people in Philadelphia.
Chris Hellmuth, DiNardo’s best friend since fourth grade, wrote on Facebook this past weekend that the two grew apart because of DiNardo’s behavior after a tragic ATV accident, after which the criminal was hospitalized for mental health issues.
“The Cosmo I knew for over 10 years would never be capable of anything like this,” wrote Hellmuth.
PHOTOS: Bodyguards Gone Wild! Drugs, Murder, Assault & Other Crimes Committed By Hollywood’s Hired Muscle
As Radar previously revealed, pals involved in a Snapchat group chat with the killer shared an image that he sent of himself looking crazed and holding a handgun.
“I think he had anger management issues, honestly,” said Sara Dinner, who went to school with the young killer.
Speaking of DiNardo’s stalker-like behavior towards women Peters said: “He randomly messages girls, saying, ‘Hey, babe,’ calling them hos and trying to have sex with them.”
PHOTOS: The 10 Most Sensational Celebrity Murder Cases
According to various individuals close to DiNardo, a horrific ATV accident was what drove the mentally ill criminal to violent delusion. Last year, the 20-year-old allegedly crashed a four-wheeler while alone in the woods. He was stranded for hours, suffering from broken bones, until his father and younger brother found him. Pals seem to agree that he suffered serious head injuries and his mood became very dark.
“That incident drove him over the edge. He was a more violent individual,” said a longtime friend.
Wrote DiNardo’s former best friend Hellmuth on his Facebook this past Saturday: “His parents never in a million years thought their son would ever be involved in something like this nor did they raise him in any way that made him do something like this.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n