Keira Knightley's Broadway Debut Interrupted By A Fan Yelling Seriously CRAZY Things From The Audience! Find Out How Keira Handled It!/n

Well, this is a little unsettling!
Keira Knightley was all set to lift the curtain on her Broadway debut Thursday night, playing the main character in Helen Edmundson's play Thérèse Raquin, when something strange happened.
Related: Ariana Grande's Been Dealing With A Crazy Stalker Fan
Just minutes after the play began, the show was disrupted by a man yelling bizarre and scary things at Keira from a balcony on the second deck, causing the play to be stopped after several minutes and leaving the audience visibly confused.
According to sources, the man went a little overboard from the very beginning: 

"As soon as the play started, there was a guy who started yelling, 'This was all looney tunes!' I turned and noticed that there was a guy hanging off the mezzanine yelling stuff to the stage. 'Keira, none of this is real! This is all an act! Christ was born of a virgin!' He kept yelling before ending with a perfunctory, 'Will you marry me?' At this point a security guard walks over and taps him on the soldier, and [the man] starts yelling 'Five seconds! You have five seconds! All it takes is five seconds!'"
Whoa.
But to make matters worse, even as security guards did start to escort him away from the performance, he made one last-ditch effort to get to Keira by throwing a bouquet of flowers towards the stage.
An eyewitness revealed:

"They let go of him briefly and at that point he was able to turn and toss his bouquet of flowers on to the stage. They made it all the way to the stage from the balcony and landed with a heavy thud, much heavier than a bouquet of roses would be which was unsettling and suspicious."
Yikes.
No telling what was in the flowers, but Gabriel Ebert, Keira's co-star, kicked them off the stage immediately, to a round of applause from the now-stunned audience.
Related: New Momma Keira And Her Husband Are So Adorbz!
Maybe the most inneresting news of the night, though, was that none of this phased the professional Knightley, who took it with grace under fire and kept on performing until the stage manager eventually paused the production for everyone to get settled:

"I would say Keira did a very good job of keeping her composure. The guy kept yelling things and she kept going on with the play without missing a beat. Even after he threw the flowers, and the audience applauded as Gabriel Ebert kicked it away, she basically kept her cool and didn't break a sweat. In fact, she kept reading her lines until the stage managers told her to stop. This was all professionalism. I respect it."
We respect it, too! That no doubt would have been a horrifying time for Keira, but it sounds like — at least on stage, in public — she took it like a pro.
Let's hope there are no more issues and weird things like this moving forward!!
[Image via Joseph Marzullo/WENN.]
/n