London Tragedy: Grenfell Tower Fire Victims May Have Been POISONED By Toxic Gas/n
Deceased victims of the Grenfell Tower fire in London may have been poisoned by toxic cyanide gas, RadarOnline.com has learned.
Chemistry professor Richard Hull has revealed that the insulation boards fitted to the outside of the building during a previous renovation produce a deadly gas when burnt – and experts believe this toxic substance is what killed some of the 79 victims.
The insulation was made out of Polyisocyanurate (PIR) – a rigid plastic foam sandwiched between two sheets of aluminum foil.
At least three of the people injured have been treated with an antidote for hydrogen cyanide poisoning, according to London’s King’s College Hospital and Sky News. Yet experts fear the number of those affected could be higher.
PHOTOS: London Fire: Death Toll Rises To Twelve
The material could have “produced enough hydrogen cyanide to kill all the people in that flat,” said Hull, adding, “It’s been an accident waiting to happen and unfortunately we’ve got to the stage now where the accident has happened and we’re standing here saying ‘I told you so.’”
The professor, who published a report warning about the fire toxicity of these materials, said: “It would have been much better if people had listened to us earlier on when we published the report.”
The insulation board was manufactured by Celotex, who has released a statement: “As with the rest of the nation our thoughts continue to be with those affected by the terrible fire at Grenfell Tower in London. On Wednesday, as soon as we were able to, we confirmed that our records showed a Celotex product (RS5000) was purchased for use in refurbishing the building.”
The company has promised to answer questions anyone may have of their dangerous product.
During the tragic fire, 18 of the 68 patients taken to hospitals across London received critical care.
PHOTOS: Is The ‘Vanderpump Rules’ Cast Okay? Lisa Tells All About Terrifying Fire At SUR!
As Radar reported, witnessed described the 27-floor tragedy as “hell on earth,” saying victims had to scramble over dead bodies to escape.”
This is only one of the many deadly incidents that have taken place in London this past month.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n