 Marriage Crisis? The Secret Reason Tom Skipped Gisele’s Biggest Night Ever Revealed!.../n
Gisele Bundchen just had her standout moment as a model, and her husband Tom Brady wasn’t there to cheer her on!
Bundchen, 36, stunned as she strutted down the “longest catwalk of [her] life” for the Olympic opening ceremony, but Brady, 39, was thousands of miles away at training camp!
PHOTOS: Giselle Shows Off Beautiful Little Vivian
“For me, [the Olympics] are right in the middle of training camp so I need to talk my coach out of a couple days of practice,” he previously revealed to PEOPLE. “I haven’t asked them so, we’ll see!”
Brady ended up skipping the festivities, leaving their kids Benjamin, 7, and Vivian, 4, to cheer her on by themselves.
“They are both fluent in Portuguese,” she told PEOPLE of her kids . “Vivi has no accent and Benny has a little more.”
“Definitely to see my family is the best thing I get to do when I am in Brazil,” the Brazilian born model added. “Most of my family will be here for the ceremony. We just love being together no matter what we are doing. My family loves talking and sharing since we don’t get to do that very often. It’s also so nice to have all the kids together and see how they are interacting.”
“This is for sure the longest runway I have ever walked in my life and by far with the most amount of people watching, so it is a little nerve-wracking I must say,” she concluded of her big night. “This is a very special moment for my country and I am humbled that they invited me to be a part of such a special celebration.”
PHOTOS: Gisele Bundchen And Tom Brady And Kids Are A Beautiful Family
As RadarOnline.com previously reported, Bundchen and Brady have had plenty of issues in their marriage before Rio.
The model revealed she contemplated breaking up with Brady in 2007, shortly after they began dating. She found out Brady’s ex Bridget Moynahan was pregnant, and didn’t know how to cope.
Then, the couple hit another rough patch after Brady’s Deflategate scandal broke.
“Tom was very difficult to be around and withdrawn,” an insider told E! “Gisele was supportive, but she also was frustrated with his stress level and anger. She felt like he was taking things out on her and not being fair.”
Do you think Brady and Bundchen are headed towards Splitsville? Tell us in the comments! /n