Wynonna Judd’s Daughter Grace Pauline Kelley Found Guilty For Meth Bust/n
Wynonna Judd’s daughter is paying for her crimes – literally! Grace Pauline Kelley was found guilty for drug-related charges, RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal.
The Clerk of Court for Williamson County told Radar that Kelley, 21, pled guilty to manufacture, delivery, sale and possession of meth on May 26, 2017.
A Tennessee judge ordered the singer’s daughter to pay $3,092.50 in fines. The balance is currently pending.
But Kelley isn’t out of trouble yet, as a spokesperson from Maury County Jail told Radar that she is still serving time for two counts of possession of meth resale, unlawful drug paraphernalia and evading arrest after being taken into custody on February 20.
PHOTOS: The Judd Family Through The Years
As Radar reported, Kelley was arrested on December 18, 2015 at a Nashville Walgreen’s store.
“Detectives noticed the vehicle was sitting at the location for an extended period of time,” Kelley’s arrest affidavit read. She “was observed exiting the vehicle and entering the store.”
She was pulled over by cops because her license plate was “improperly secured” and “held on by one screw.”
An eyewitness found a plastic bag that was thrown from the passenger side of the vehicle and handed it over to detectives.
PHOTOS: O.J.’s (NSFW) Trail Of Destruction: Simpson ‘Meth’ Addicted Ex In Sex Tape Bombshell
“Inside the bag was a torn up box of pseudoephedrine, and a receipt showing a purchase of Coleman fuel,” the documents allege.
The affidavit says the items are used for the manufacturing of meth.
She was arrested and charged with promotion of meth manufacture, which is a felony. She pled guilty to the lesser charge of possession of meth, which is a misdemeanor, in May 2016.
The trouble continued on November 13, 2016 when she was arrested in Alabama for being a “fugitive from justice.” Her probation was revoked on November 29, 2016. Her case was transferred to drug court.
PHOTOS: Hollywood Bodyguards Tell All — Who Steals, Sexts, Does Drugs & More Star Secrets Revealed
Kelley, whose father is Arch Kelley, has been a wild child for years. In 2011, she disappeared for days during a flight layover while returning home from boarding school.
In December 2012, her mom sent her to “behavioral camp” for six months, a source claimed.
Grace’s aunt Ashley Judd got temporary custody of her in 2014 when the teen claimed her mom popped pills and was abusive.
Are you surprised by her legal troubles? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n