'Trailer Park: Welcome To Myrtle Manor' Season 3 Returns February 26 at 10PM ET/n
America’s favorite trailer park is back…and this season, there’s a baby on board! Trailer Park: Welcome To Myrtle Manor returns with ten all-new episodes on Thursday, February 26 at 10PM ET/PT filled with plenty of juicy gossip, steamy romance, and more drama than any one park can handle.
For the first time in three seasons, the show will kick off with the rock anthem titled “Rock This Trailer Park” by up-and-coming artist Jelly Roll. Originally from Antioch, TN, Jelly co-wrote the ultimate trailer park anthem with new-found partner in rock and roll crime, Jared Gutstadt, Jingle Punks CEO.
PHOTOS: Faked Scenes, Lies & Payoffs! What’s Real & What’s Fake On TV’s Hottest Reality Shows
Watch the Video on RadarOnline

Season three welcomes back Myrtle Manor veteran residents – Jared and Chelsey, Miss Becky and Miss Peggy, Anne and Marvin, Gina and Roy, Bandit, Amanda, Brittany, Kimberly and Brock – along with some fresh new faces.
In all-new episodes of Trailer Park: Welcome To Myrtle Manor, Jared and Chelsey need to lean on their trailer park family as they navigate the choppy waters of rearing a child. Across the way, Amanda gives love another chance with a new man, but her neighbors are skeptical of his intentions.
Myrtle Manor’s arch nemesis Roxy has found an unlikely ally in Bandit, and wastes no time in making a power play.
PHOTOS: Secrets Of The Hottest Celebrity Splits! Reality Star Rebecca Cardon’s Ultimate Guide To Breaking Up
 
Hunky handyman Brock is still playing the field, and creates a tumultuous love triangle that includes a special visitor from season’s past. Anne and Marvin appear to still be madly in love, but the future of their complicated relationship is completely unknown. And over at Tangulls, Roy and Gina don’t see eye to eye when a feud threatens the future of Myrtle Manor’s favorite salon.
Trailer Park: Welcome To Myrtle Manor returns airs on Thursday, February 26 at 10PM ET/PT. /n