The Best, Worst And Wackiest Dressed Stars Of The Week/n
By Leah Ornstein – Radar Features Editor
Not every star got it right on the fashion front this week!
From the streets of Aspen, Beverly Hills and New York City to their courtside basketball seats, Hollywood’s hottest celebrities were dressed to rock and shock in the best, worst and wackiest fashions during the holidays – and RadarOnline.com has all the wardrobe winners and style sinners in our weekly feature.
PHOTOS: The Best, Worst & Wackiest Dressed Stars Of The Week
Rihanna hit the Los Angeles Lakers game on Christmas day with Chris Brown, baring her amazing abs in a crop top, and Citizens of Humanity skinny jeans, finishing the look off with a stunning Christian Lacroix gold choker and Manolo Blahnik sandals, while Beyonce dominated with her superior style sense while shopping in NYC with Jay-Z , rocking a Milly Ainsley dress, Marni heels, Prada shades and a Diane Von Furstenberg bag.
Nicki Minaj definitely grabbed attention by looking WAY too boobiful for her Christmas Extravaganza in New York City, wearing a lowcut, spandex catsuit with studded leather shoulders, finishing the look off with Christian Louboutin heels and huge, red Marc Jacobs shades, while Bai Ling sassed up the streets of Beverly Hills in clashing and totally tacky ensemble.
PHOTOS: Kim Kardashian Gets Sexy For Her First Christmas With Kanye West
Kim Kardashian experienced another fashion flop, wearing a super-short bubble skirt with alowcut sleeveless blouse and thigh-high boots during an afternoon outing with Kanye West in Los Angeles and Mariah Carey also sinned with her style, wearing a plaid dress with a thick belt in Aspen.
For the rest of the best, worst & wackiest dressed stars of the week, click here.

RELATED STORIES:
A Very Kardashian Kristmas: Kanye West Spending The Holiday With Kim & Her FamilyIs There A ‘Most Ironic’ Oscar Category? Kim Kardashian Makes Big Screen Acting Debut In The Marriage Counselor
Kim Gets A New ‘Do! Kardashian Gets Banged Up & Flaunts Her Boobs In Sheer Top
Who Knew They Even Dated?!! Nick Cannon Says He Dumped Kim Kardashian Over Sex Tape! /n