Sesame Street Shoots Down Bert and Ernie Wedding: Puppets Are Just Friends, No Benefits For the past few weeks, the topic on the mind of everyone with an opinion and an Internet connection has been the debt ceiling the London riots whether o.../n
For the past few weeks, the topic on the mind of everyone with an opinion and an Internet connection has been the debt ceiling the London riots whether or not cohabitating, lifelong platonic and ostensibly straight puppet pals Bert and Ernie should get married.Well, today Sesame   Street has surprisingly entered the fray and provided a definitive answer to the calls for the duo's outing: it doesn't matter whether they should or not, they ain't gonna.Guess this message was not brought to us by the letters "L," "G," "B" and "T."

The well-intentioned, if slightly misguided, campaign to get the  bathtub bros united in holy matrimony sprang from an online petition and  Facebook page. Backers sought to marry off the fabric friends, arguing that  such an official pairing would be a boon to gay rights, send a  progressive message that would be hard to argue with (though that hasn't  stopped some people from trying) and teach impressionable young viewers  about tolerance and equality.Important lessons, to be sure. But ones that the Sesame Street  Workshop says they're already teaching—all without a forced  sexualization of the long-running characters."Bert and Ernie are best friends," the Workshop said in a statement today. "They were created to teach preschoolers that people can be good  friends with those who are very different from themselves.

"Even though they are identified as male characters and possess many   human traits and characteristics (as most Sesame Street Muppets do),   they remain puppets, and do not have a sexual orientation."Uh, guess we'll just ignore Kermit the Frog and Miss Piggy's decades of simmering, flirtatious sexual tension, then, shall we?In any case, the original petition, which received nearly 5,400   signatures on its initial posting and another 2,600 on its Facebook   page, was launched this month with the best of intentions.

"In this horrific age of LGBT kids taking their own lives, they need    to know that they ARE BEAUTIFUL and their lives are worth living.  Aside   from those that are committing suicide, the bullies that  facilitate   these tragedies need to learn that homophobia is NOT okay.  They need to   know that acceptance of their fellow human beings would  indeed plant a   seed of peace that will reverberate throughout the  world."We are not asking that Sesame Street do anything crude or    disrespectful by allowing Bert & Ernie to marry. It can be done in a    tasteful way. Let us teach tolerance of those that are different. Let Sesame Street and PBS Kids be a big part in saving many worthy  lives."In other words, sure, it may be the most wink-wink, nudge-nudge    on-screen partnership in TV history, but the rampant speculation about    the inner workings of Bert and Ernie's relationship is going to have to    remain just that.
/n