Madonna's Daughter Lourdes Leon Talks High School Graduation, Looks Forward to Being College Freshman! Madonna's daughter Lourdes Leon isn't a kid anymore! In a blog post for Material Girl's site, the 17-year-old reflects.../n
Madonna's daughter Lourdes Leon isn't a kid anymore!In a blog post for Material Girl's site, the 17-year-old reflects on graduating from high school and looks forward to her next chapter as "a college freshman."Lourdes (aka Lola) writes about "how very happy and slightly saddened I am that my High School years are now coming to an end," admitting, though, "it's weird because so much more lies ahead–yet it feels almost empty to wrap up high school."The teenage fashionista "definitely [doesn't] look back on High School with any bitterness," she writes, and realizes that she "was lucky enough to go to a truly exceptional High School that produces high quality shows and actually teaches you the craft of what you're studying."

"Of course I'll miss the friends that I've made and the family that makes up the drama department," Lola writes, "but it's really beautiful to be able to see all of the people I dearly love and care for, people that I grew up with for four years, go on and pursue their passions, whatever they may be, and find their place."Madonna's mini-me readily admits to wearing some "unfortunate outfits" in her younger years, but reassures herself "that I had to go through that awkward time of 'trying stuff out' to figure out what I liked wearing best."

"I still don't think that I have a defined style," she writes, "maybe because I don't want to limit myself to what I should wear. Makes me happy knowing that I went to an arts school where any kind of style could fly: It gave me the confidence and the yolo spirit I needed to successfully look like a clown (it's fine)."Lourdes is lucky, though, to have access to some style savvy pros. "I just met with the Material Girl design team," she writes. "Can't believe I was just starting high school when we launched MG and now I am graduating! These looks will hit Macy's when I am a college freshman."Lola's yet to publicly confirm where she'll be hitting the books this fall, but did visit the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor last November. Madge herself attended the school briefly before moving to New York to pursue her music career, and she's made it quite clear she'd love for Lourdes to be a Wolverine! "I want my daughter to go to school there," she told the NFL Network in 2012 before her Super Bowl XLVI halftime performance. "I keep telling her, Ann Arbor is an awesome place."
/n