Lottie Moss, 18, Follows in Big Sister Kate's Footsteps, Showing Off a Whole Lot of Skin at the Elle Style Awards/n
Considering how hard it is for us to even look at a Kate Moss photo without inciting an internal jealousy-fueled diatribe regarding her perfection, we can’t even begin to imagine what it’s like growing up actually related to her. But clearly her 18-year-old sister Lottie Moss doesn’t share any of our own insecurities, already making a big name for herself on both the red carpet and in the world of fashion, posing in editorials for Teen Vogue, W,  Calvin Klein, and landing the March cover of French magazine L’Official, to name a few.


Fred Duval/FilmMagic


And Wednesday night at the 2016 Elle Style Awards, the teen model proved once again she’s still hot on her big sister’s heels, arriving in a shiny mini dress that, much like her other recent red carpet ensembles,  left little of Lottie’s physique to the imagination. The silver lamé dress is from Philipp Plein’s Spring/Summer 2016 collection and features an extreme plunging neckline to the waist as well as criss-cross straps across the back. The model finished off her look with some equally eye-catching accessories, a silver glitter box clutch and metallic turquoise strappy sandals.

RELATED PHOTOS: Kylie vs. Kendall: Which Jenner Has Made More Headlines This Year?

RELATED VIDEO: The Kardashian Selfie Game is on Point



Dave Benett/Getty

And while some may be balking right now at the idea of a teen wearing such a revealing dress, may we remind you that this iconic image of Kate Moss (above) wearing a completely sheer organza dress paired simply with a pair of black briefs and an eternally half-smoked cigarette was taken when the supermodel was a mere 19 years of age. Clearly it’s not just those preternatural good looks that run in the family.
What do you think of Lottie Moss’s red carpet look? Do you think she could be the next Kate Moss? Which Moss sister’s dress if your favorite?
–Emily Kirkpatrick
/n