Mentally Ill Killer Of 4 Pennsylvania Men Ready To Plead Guilty: ‘I’m Sorry’/n
The killer behind the mysterious disappearance of four Pennsylvania men is ready to plead guilty, RadarOnline.com can reveal.
Mentally ill drug dealer, Cosmo DiNardo, was arrested by local police, after they identified him as a suspect and did a through search in his family’s Pennsylvania farm – where he allegedly slayed the victims.
“Every death was related to a purported drug transaction, and at the end of each one there’s a killing,” said a source.
The sick 20-year-old killer confessed to having killed the four men for ‘cheating him’ in marijuana deals and burned their bodies with the help of a mystery person. A second suspect has also been arrested.
PHOTOS: Blood, Guts & Gore! The Top 20 Bloodiest Crime Scene Photos Revealed
According to his lawyer, the criminal feels a “deep remorse” or what he has done.
DiNardo was described by sources as a “paranoid dealer” who often felt tricked by buyers after he sold them drugs. He reportedly sold as much as a quarter pound of weed for thousands of dollars. He was also known for selling handguns.
Individuals involved in a Snapchat group with him even shared selfies the killer had sent them of him posing ominously with a pistol.
Eric Beitz, who said he had hung out with DiNardo in recent weeks, claimed to Philly.com that the killer routinely sold guns and on multiple occasions had talked “about weird things like killing people and having people killed.”
While DiNardo admitted to having slayed the four men in his family’s property, police have only found the remains of one teenager: 19-year-old Dean Finocchiaro. They are still looking to identify the rest.
PHOTOS: Sicko Stars! The Most Horrifying Crimes By Hollywood Celebrities
After Finocchiaro went mysteriously missing, DiNario’s acquaintances reached out to him via Snapchat.
“Cosmo isn’t your buddy Dean missing,” one pal asked. “Aren’t you worried about buddydead [sic] dean.”
DiNario responded: “I mean I know the kid but yeah I feel bad for his parents. He’s a pill-popping junky who had 2 duis … He prob just jumped parole Or probation.”
According to DiNardo’s lawyer, Paul Lang, the death penalty is off the table, since the killer is ready to plead guilty on account of 4 first-degree killings.
The young killer was led away in handcuffs this Thursday. As his parents watching him leave, he said, “I’m sorry.”
Town locals confessed to ABC News that something has always been “off” with DiNardo. Authorities also report that the young criminal has had up to 30 interactions with the law in the last 6 years.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n