Giveaway Alert: Win the 2016 Emmy Awards Gift Bag/n





                    2016 Emmy Awards: 'The Americans', 'Game of Thrones' Lead the List of Nominees
                









 MORE >>





You too can be a star! Win the same bag given to talent backstage at the Emmy Awards at the Giving Suite, produced by Backstage Creations, to support $150,000 in donations to the Television Academy Foundation. Past visitors to the Giving Suite include Anthony Anderson, Jane Lynch, Gina Rodriguez and Ty Burrell.
Be sure to tune in to watch the Emmy Awards Sunday, 9/18 (7ET/4PT) on ABC.
How to Enter
1) Leave a comment on this post telling us which TV show or movie you think was the best written this past year!
2) Feel free to leave multiple comments!
3) When leaving your comment(s), make sure you are logged in using a valid email address! We will contact the winner via email next week.
4) You must live in the continental United States and be 18-years-old or older to enter. You have until midnight PST Sunday, September 18, 2016.
The gift bag includes:





I Can’t Believe It’s Not Butter!® – An elegant kitchen gift set from I Can’t Believe It’s Not Butter!® to help make unbelievably decadent bites.
Austin Cocktails – Austin Cocktails is a family owned line of bottled, craft cocktails that was developed to make a craft cocktail as easy as a nice glass of wine or craft beer. All five of our cocktails are pre-batched with 5x-distilled vodka or 5x-distilled tequila, natural ingredients and organic agave. Alcohol is not included in this prize. Winner will receive a hat.
DELSEY Luggage – MONTMARTRE+ 25” Exp. Spinner Trolley made of ballistic nylon to resist wear and tear featuring an easy-access compartment for a jacket, shoes, or toiletries and double spinner wheels for superior maneuverability.
Jaybird Freedom – Jaybird’s smallest wireless buds, Freedom, bring big sound, a secure comfortable fit and the ability to listen-while-you-charge. Elegant and micro-sized, Freedom is Jaybird’s most advanced, secure-fit wireless Bluetooth buds ever.
L.A. Star Greens, Perfect 10 organic Superfood – The world’s first mix of the top 10 superfoods in certified organic quality. Packed in convenient single serve sachets.
Marchon – Designer eyewear by Marchon.
Nu Skin Enterprises – ageLOC Me combines Nu Skin’s most advanced anti-aging skin care formulas with a smart delivery device for a personalized daily skin care regimen. An app-based assessment accounts for skin care needs, environmental factors and personal preferences to determine a specific set of products from almost 2,000 combinations.
Rottet Collection – Rottet Collection is the signature furniture line designed exclusively by Hall of Fame architect and interior designer Lauren Rottet. Each piece in the Rottet Collection is either a solution to a found need, or a realization of an idea regarding how furniture can be set in a space like a work of art, yet serve a functional and comforting purpose. Winner will receive a candle.
the hinde by kelli bailey – the hinde modern leather presents the original circle bag, handmade by kelli bailey.
The Mulia, Mulia Resort & Villas – Nusa Dua, Bali – A five-night stay in Mulia Resort, a beachfront Balinese haven nestled in Nusa Dua Bay of Bali. No resort stay is included in this prize. Winner will receive a tote.
Also included:
Benjamin Steakhouse Prime – Benjamin Steakhouse Prime is the newest addition to the Benjamin Restaurant Group family, opening this fall. Here we combine modern elegance with the steakhouse classics by serving only the best USDA prime steaks, succulent seafood and more from the grill.
ChapStick® – ChapStick® Total Hydration Moisture + Tint, the first-ever tinted lip balm from the experts in lip care, is a tinted moisturizer that enhances the lips’ natural color. It is made with 100% naturally sourced ingredients, including advanced ingredients like Rosehip Seed Oil and is available in three shades – Merlot, Coral Blush and Rose Petal.
Colgate® Optic White® Toothbrush + Whitening Pen – With the Colgate® Optic White® Toothbrush + Whitening Pen you can get a #DesignerSmile with 5 shades whiter teeth that starts working in 1 day! It’s as easy as…Brush. Whiten. Go.® – No waiting, no rinsing!
Crane Stationery – Since 1801, heads of state and stately households alike have chosen Crane to celebrate life’s grand occasions, both large and small. Be a part of history and celebrate our exquisite craftsmanship with our new 1801 collection of hand-crafted stationery.
Hasbro’s Furby Connect – Get ready to discover a world of surprises with Furby Connect! The digitally-integrated Furby Connect friend from Hasbro interacts with kids through its own hilarious take on songs, videos, and more surprises continually delivered via Bluetooth®.
Icelandic Glacial™ – Natural Spring Water from Iceland.
Inkk Nail Lacquers – Inkk is a luxury, 5-free, vegan and cruelty-free nail lacquer brand specializing in customizable Your Color, Your Name nail lacquers that can be made by anyone straight from their phone or computer. The innovation behind Inkk enables women to wear nail lacquer colors that are personal to them and available when they want.
Millennium Hotels and Resorts – Discover our World of uniquely spirited hotels with a two-night sojourn at Millennium Biltmore Hotel Los Angeles. Complete with dinner for two at Smeraldi’s and VIP amenities. Winner will receive a two-night stay and dinner.
MIZANI 25 Miracle Milk – 25 Miracle Milk is a lightweight leave-in treatment that provides 25 benefits in just a few sprays. This easy-to-use product preps hair for styling, helps detangle with less breakage, provides moisture, protects against heat damage and is free of paraben, sulfate, drying alcohols and mineral oil.
Nature’s Bounty Hair, Skin & Nails Gummies – Nature’s Bounty® Hair, Skin & Nail Gummies provide you with the vital nutrients your body needs to support your natural beauty from the inside and out.* Our Hair, Skin & Nails Gummies are full of vitamins including Biotin, Vitamin C and Vitamin E to help you feel healthy, beautiful and well. *These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.
Red Coat PR & Six Best Selling Authors – Featuring some of today’s Best Selling authors including; Denise Grover Swank, Randi Wilson, Stacy Green, L.P. Dover, Kristie Cook and Amy Miles. Available in print and on all major e-book platforms.
Scarves by Mary DeArment – Silk and cashmere scarves empower women while inviting interesting conversations about the messages embedded in the artwork. Every Mary DeArment design is made with a word; these visual puzzles include socially conscious words/phrases/acronyms such as “peace,” “gender equality,” “STEM,” and “world citizen.”
sérumtologié® – sérumtologié, based in Beverly Hills, CA, is a leading maker of novel and innovative skin care products containing clinically proven ingredients but without the often shockingly high price tag of many other luxury skin brands. Two of the company’s products that have met with strong client acceptance are our groundbreaking C serum º22 and PURE Whipped Chiffon, its companion daily moisturizer.
Thera Cane MAX Trigger Point Massager – Treat yourself to deep relief from painful, knotted, spasmed muscles. This amazingly simple yet effective self-massager makes it easy to apply pain-relieving deep compression directly to hard, knotted “trigger points” anywhere they occur – breaking up tension even in the hardest-to-reach muscles between your shoulder blades!
Items in photo subject to change based on availability — some colors and styles may vary. Courtesy of Backstage Creations.
/n