Instant Follow Friday: Martha Stewart Is the Queen of Lifestyle/n





                    Bona Fide Lifestyle Guru Martha Stewart Supports Blake Lively's Decision to Shutter Preserve
                







She knows a thing or two about balance

 MORE >>





Certified lifestyle guru and badass Martha Stewart has changed the world for the better when it comes to her guidance for living your best life at home.

Stewart knows all the tricks of the trade and then some, thanks to her five-month stint in jail (giving her oodles of well-deserved street cred) in 2005. Between her wicked sense of humor and forever youthful entrepreneurial spirit when it comes to her brand, Stewart’s sass has been in overdrive over the last couple of years, especially with the rising fad that is celebrity *lifestyle* brands and ventures by wannabes like Gwyneth Paltrow and Blake Lively.


Instant Follow Friday: Martha Stewart Is the Queen of Lifestyle	








































30 Photos »


While Paltrow’s goop is arguably a success amongst flops (R.I.P. Preserve), it’s something that’s as fun to think about as it to make fun of. Stewart, on the other hand, will forever be the queen of lifestyle who pioneered the movement, and pioneered the hell out of it with class and eminence. She knows it to, telling Us Weekly humbly in 2013, “I think I started this whole category of lifestyle.”
Also, the former fashion model (Yes! What a babe!) and self-made woman allegedly has a net worth of $220 million (estimated by Forbes). And that number has only gone up, since Stewart sold her home and lifestyle empire Martha Stewart Living Omnimedia in July of this year for a whopping $353 million. Almost unbelievably, her empire was once worth $2 billion back in 2005 due to her scandalous jail term for obstruction of justice related to insider trading. Rightfully so, everyone wanted a piece of the pie.


Time's 100 Most Influential	








































15 Photos »


We at Celebuzz personally love pie season and the holidays for many reasons, one of them being the delicious and beautiful recipes provided by people like Stewart. In honor of the Queen and her lifestyle perfection (notably in light of Thanksgiving), we’re celebrating the wonders of her Instagram and Twitter for Instant Follow Friday.



Pumpkin pie perfected by our Director of Food Development @tojo827. Would you top it with meringue or whipped cream?! #marthabakes
A photo posted by Martha Stewart (@marthastewart) on Nov 22, 2015 at 2:36pm PST


Follow her on both @marthastewart and her personal account, @marthastewart48, as well as Twitter @MarthaStewart. Check out the best of Martha Stewart’s Instagram in the gallery above, and some of her best tweets (and could-be-better food photos) below!

This weekend on Martha Bakes watch me incorporate green tea into desserts, including a 47-layer crepe cake! Check local listings. — Martha Stewart (@MarthaStewart) November 20, 2015



Cranes flying,Boston caught tuna, maine uni with gold leaf specials tonight at EnBrasserie at Hudson and Leroy NYC pic.twitter.com/j2oE1uaoyZ
— Martha Stewart (@MarthaStewart) November 20, 2015


We are so excited to move our American Made store to Amazon Handmade! the transition is going smoothly. This is the place to shop for XMAS! — Martha Stewart (@MarthaStewart) November 18, 2015



Look closely at the drinks menu I designed the Imperia vodka martini at The National in Greenwich Ct pic.twitter.com/We2gAH1fQH
— Martha Stewart (@MarthaStewart) November 18, 2015


In Nassau Bahamas waiting to get to summit at sea! Kirkwood Mott is one of the Bahamas police force pic.twitter.com/xWZzngyQdW
— Martha Stewart (@MarthaStewart) November 15, 2015



Tonight in Miami eating delicious seafood at @seaspice on the Miami river Totally delicious!!!
— Martha Stewart (@MarthaStewart) November 15, 2015


Learn about our American Made Honorees on my blog today – great photos from our Summit. https://t.co/PaKhJ9ejhy pic.twitter.com/3WwVZ4hr8s
— Martha Stewart (@MarthaStewart) November 11, 2015



Serena and Caitlyn Two of the greatest athletes who ever lived! pic.twitter.com/ljo4c9QQG5
— Martha Stewart (@MarthaStewart) November 10, 2015


On my blog today, remembering my sweet and beautiful French Bulldog, Sharkey. https://t.co/PaKhJ8WIq0
— Martha Stewart (@MarthaStewart) November 4, 2015



These giant puff balls just grew to immense size in my garden. does anyone have a good recipe??? pic.twitter.com/HtqPrcbgOm
— Martha Stewart (@MarthaStewart) November 4, 2015


Matt Lauer and I about to transform gourds into creatures segment on @todayshow Check it out!!! pic.twitter.com/6mKe0CXWvp
— Martha Stewart (@MarthaStewart) October 29, 2015


/n