Oscar 2007: Notes on a Few Scandals/nBreaking News: Even by the capricious and pragmatic standards of the Academy, we got us a weird bunch of nominations.First, there were the shockers: Tiny-but-wonderful films like  "Half Nelson " got more than a teaspoon of respect than their slight box office tallies might otherwise accord them. Ryan Gosling's performance got a Best Actor nomination. And Clint Eastwood's astonishing Japanese-language  "Letters From Iwo Jima " also got a Best Picture nod. Comedies, almost always bereft of Oscar's love this time of year, were honored abundantly:  "The Devil Wears Prada " star Meryl Streep got herself recommended for a Best Actress Oscar, while  "Little Miss Sunshine " clearly stole the Best Picture nomination initially earmarked for  "Dreamgirls, " and -- gosh darnit -- our hearts, too. Even Abigail Breslin, the charming tyke who emits that spine-decalcifying yelp in  "Little Miss Sunshine, " got a supporting actress nod. An amusing side note: Dreamworks co-founder David Geffen is thought to have produced a sound similar to Olive's when he learned that  "Dreamgirls " didn't snare a Best Picture berth. Or maybe it was the anti-climactic bidding for the Los Angeles Times. You decide.Meanwhile, as gratifying as it is to see the  "Best Supporting " categories filled with aspirants who are apropos, (talented nobodies like  "Babel " stars Rinko Kikuchi or Adriana Barraza), it's also baffling that the Academy can twist itself into pretzels to accomodate such blatant gaming of the system.I mean, Judi Dench gets a nomination for Best Actress in  "Notes on a Scandal " while Cate Blanchett gets a Best Supporting nod? They are on the screen simultaneously and equally, but Blanchett is permitted to be jammed into the lesser category solely because she stands a better shot at winning there. (It reminds us of an Archie comicbook we read as a kid. Betty:  "Jughead, if you dropped a quarter in the living room, why are you looking for it in the dining room? " Jughead:  "Because the light is better here in the den. ") So too, for Jennifer Hudson as a Supporting Actress nomination, when she carries that film with her knock-you-breathless pipes and  "Seabiscuit " sized heart.Well, nobody said life was fair. Just ask Florence Ballard./n