TV Producer Lenora Claire Speaks Out Against Stalking on '48 Hours'/n
WATCH VIDEO HERE
While many Hollywood celebrities become victims of scary stalkers, every day people can become targets as well.
TV producer, art curator and victims’ rights activist Lenora Claire is speaking out about her terrifying experience on Saturday’s episode of CBS hit 48 Hours.
“I’ve had a relentless stalker who has been completely obsessed with terrorizing me every day of my life,” she says in a preview clip for the show, which airs on February 25 at 9 pm et.
Claire’s stalker, Justin Massler, first spotted her in LA Weekly, and began threatening to rape and kill her in 2011. He has never stopped the relentless harassment.
The stunning redhead has a restraining order against Massler, who served jail time for stalking First Daughter Ivanka Trump.
Still, she doesn’t feel safe.
PHOTOS: Hollywood’s Most Horrifying Stalkers & Hair-Raising Plots Uncovered
“I can only describe being stalked as feeling like you are being held under water because you can scream and nobody hears you,” she told Radar exclusively.
Now, Claire is dedicated to changing stalking laws to protect other victims.
On the news show, she’ll discuss her nightmare — and most importantly, her ceaseless efforts to change laws for other stalking victims.
“You will see the frustration of victims from navigating everything from the cops to the courts and my proposals for legislation and improvements,” she revealed.
PHOTOS: Kardashian Family Krisis! Find Out Who Is ‘Fearing For Lives’ After Kendall Stalker Incident
Claire is proposing the creation of a national stalking registry, along with electronic processing for restraining orders. (Many stalkers do not have fixed addresses and cannot be served, meaning the order never goes into effect.)
What’s next up for the activist? Claire said she has a deal for her own TV show.
“The concept for my show would be to help [stalking] victims in every episode, and really explore these crimes and ideally act as an advertisement for why we need these laws,” she explained. “Non-celebrities rarely go public when they are being stalked for fear of the repercussions, which is why there is little understanding of the nature of these crimes. I want to change that.”
For the more on Claire’s story and efforts to better protect victims, visit her personal site and her nonprofit, VERSE.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n