Robert Kardashian Breaks Down & Jurors Have Some MAJOR Drama On The People V. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story — Get The Recap!/n

If you haven't been watching FX's hit show The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story, then you've certainly been missing out!
Sure, we've already passed some of the more memorable moments of like O.J. Simpson's infamous Bronco chase, the defense dropping the n-word several times during the trial, and even those gloves — but that doesn't mean there's not more excitement!
Related: LAPD Finished Testing Knife Found On O.J.'s Estate!
Tuesday night's episode packed quite an emotional punch as it heavily focused on the drama the jury has faced as well as a very touching scene between Kris Jenner (Selma Blair) and Robert Kardashian (David Schwimmer).
The episode opened on  day 124 of the trial, showing the stress the jury has felt over the course of several months. This was compared via flashback to their initial feelings of happiness and excitement they felt when they were first selected.
As the episode went on, it focused a lot more on the jurors and how the prosecution and defense fought to dismiss certain people for various reasons — something even as trivial as having the same arthritis doctor as O.J.
The jury drama continued as the members became increasingly upset over their peers being dismissed without any explanation. Eventually the situation came to a head when the members protested and refused to show up one day. Of course this didn't last long and the judge ordered them back.
The pressure was too much for one juror though; a woman who had previously asked to be excused ended up losing her cool at dinner one night and began yelling and threw herself at the door.

This ultimately lead to Johnnie Cochran (Courtney B. Vance) doing his best to make peace with Marcia Clark (Sarah Paulson) by bringing her some coffee and putting their silly games of dismissing jurors behind them.
Aside from the jury drama, one of the bigger moments during the trial was depicted last night when DNA evidence was presented by a specialist during his testimony.
The only problem was, the DNA evidence was a pretty new thing at the time and people were not as familiar with it as they are now… so much of what the scientist said sounded like gobbledygook! The defense did their best job to argue the police had tampered with the evidence and could have planted it.
Related: Hulk Hogan Opens Up About Sex Tape Lawsuit Win Against Gawker!
One thing that did come through the testimony? All the blood found at the scene, at O.J.'s house and in the former football player's car was from the same person. On top of that, the samples were so unique that they could only come from one person in about every 170 million — and Simpson was that person.

This lead to more tension as Robert visited O.J. in jail and asked his BFF how the blood got all over his possessions. Sadly, the Juice had no answer!
With the lack of answers and O.J. kind of cracking under pressure from a rehearsal testimony he begged his lawyers for, Robert was pretty stressed out and ended up breaking down in front of Kris.
Related: Kim, Kourtney, & Khloé Kardashian SUED Over Their Beauty Line!
As Kardashian wept, he admitted that he has his doubts about O.J. because he's not sure he's innocent. It was at this point that Jenner begged him to leave the case — and of course Robert refused, saying the media would have a field day! O.J.'s friend eventually admitted that he couldn't wait until the former NFLer was out of their lives.
Of course the end of the episode had to tease us a bit as it concluded with the O.J. tip line ringing and an anonymous person revealing they had a recording of key witness Detective Mark Fuhrman (Steven Pasquale) using a racial slur and talking about framing black people.
Woof! Talk about an episode!
What did you think of last night's events?!
Make sure you catch the rest of The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story when it airs Tuesdays at 10 p.m. EST on FX!
[Image via FX.]
/n