Frances Bean Cobain’s Cat Goes Missing, Offers Huge Reward/n





                    Celebrity Twitter Accounts
                







Who's legit online? We've got the real deal.

 MORE >>





 The daughter of late music legend Kurt Cobain, Frances Bean, has been left heartbroken after her little cat ran away.
Cobain, with her fiancé Isaiah Silva, has been scouring her West Hollywood, Calif., neighborhood and posting missing flyers. She’s even taken to Twitter to appeal for locals to find her kitten, named Zero.
Cobain, 19, is so desperate to find her pussy cat that she is even offering a massive reward.
How much?

A princely sum of $5000!
Describing her beloved fur child as “a skinny black cat,” the daughter of the late Nirvana frontman said she raised Zero since she was four weeks old.
She Tweeted:
So pls if u see a black cat w/ a little patch of white in her chest wandering around the Hollywood/weho area call the # on her tag.5k reward
— Frances Bean Cobain (@alka_seltzer) June 10, 2012

Cobain added, “I love her more than I love myself. Only things I love more r my fiancé & grams. That cat is my best friend as pathetic as it sounds.
“Let’s just say I would never wish what I’m feeling on any living soul.”


Celebs who also love their pets








































30 Photos »


While most of her followers promised to search for the cat, one fan questioned the huge reward and Cobain immediately went on the attack.
“Really? You can buy like ten black cats for five bucks. Does yours have diamonds up it’s butt?” one follower wrote.
To which the wild child responded, “No diamonds, she just has my heart. U can buy cats but you can’t buy love. And you can’t buy a sh**ty personality. Clearly.”
 

WHAT OTHER STARS LOVE cats?








































10 Photos »



Cobain has had a bad track record with cats, previously accusing her estranged mother Courtney Love of killing not just one of her cats, but also her dog!
In court papers filed by Cobain in 2009 seeking a restraining order against the troubled rocker, Cobain claimed her 47-year-old mom’s reckless behavior lead to the early demise of her pets.
According to the documents, the cat died after getting caught in Love’s messy piles of “Etsy fabrics, boxes of paperwork, trash and other possessions,” and the dog overdosed after swallowed prescription pills from Love’s drug stash.
 

frances' mom courtney has a wild one!








































8 Photos »




There is not love lost between the not so dynamic mother daughter duo with the pair embarking on very public Twitter war against each other.
In April, Cobain called for the Hole singer to be banned from Twitter after Love went on a rant claiming Dave Grohl – frontman of the Foo Fighters and former drummer of Nivarna – had hit on her daughter
“While I’m generally silent on the affairs of my biological mother, her recent tirade has taken a gross turn,” Cobain tweeted.
“I have never been approached by Dave Grohl in more than a platonic way. I’m in a monogamous relationship and very happy. Twitter should ban my mother.”


Other Celeb offspring








































40 Photos »


Do you think $5000 is too much to offer as a reward for a pet? Let us know in the comments below.
/n