Cory Monteith Death:  All The Latest Details & Photos/n
Cory Monteith returned to his Vancouver hotel room alone Friday night after an evening out with friends, security footage from the Fairmont Pacific Rim Hotel reportedly shows.
He and his buddies had hit up The Roxy and The Queen’s Republic nightclubs, just a few doors apart in downtown Vancouver.
PHOTOS:  Cory Monteith – The Final Photos
It was just after noon on Saturday that the Vancouver police department received a call from the BC (British Columbia) Ambulance Service.  The paramedics had responded to a call from the hotel — it’s believed a housekeeping employee found Monteith — and notified the cops of what they called a “sudden death” in a room on the 21st floor.
“The deceased has been identified as 31-year-old actor Cory Monteith, who achieved great fame on the popular TV series Glee,” acting Vancouver police chief Doug LePard said in a statement.
PHOTOS: Celebs Who Died Young
Monteith, a Vancouver native, was a frequent visitor back to his hometown. His final visit was in connection with some charity appearances.
Monteith’s life seemed to have been back on track after a four week-long stint in rehab earlier this year.
On March 31, his rep confirmed “Cory Monteith has voluntarily admitted himself into a treatment facility for substance addiction.” It was the actor’s second time in rehab, the first coming when he was just 19 years-old.
Following his release on April 26, Cory tweeted to his fans. “Sending out big love to everyone. thank you for the continued support! It means the world to me! :),” he wrote with obvious enthusiasm.
PHOTOS: Glee Rocks The Staples Center
He and his girlfriend and Glee costar Lea Michele then headed south for a vacation in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico.
After a few days of sun and sand, the pair traveled to Vancouver, and on April 30 were seen in the stands of a Vancouver Canucks  NHL play-off game.  Cory was a diehard fan and went home to cheer on his favorite team whenever he could.
With Lea by his side, Cory made his first post-rehab red carpet appearance at the 12th Annual Chrysalis Butterfly Ball on June 8.  They were both all smiles and he appeared the picture of health.
PHOTOS: Stars Who Died In Bizarre Ways 
The couple was spotted together again on June 20 at LAX, and on June 28 they participated in a photo shoot to promote the upcoming season of Glee.
The Vancouver police so far have only said there is no indication of foul play in Monteith’s death.  An autopsy is pending.
In the video below, police give details on Monteith’s death.
[radar_embed service=5min.com src=”http://pshared.5min.com/Scripts/PlayerSeed.js?sid=1126&width=570&height=351&playList=517855047&sequential=1&shuffle=0″] /n