Julianna Margulies May Have Confirmed That ‘The Good Wife’ Is Ending After Season 7/n





                    WATCH: Hillary Clinton Loves Binge-Watching Political Dramas Like 'The Good Wife'
                







Hillary Clinton Netflix and chills, just like us

 MORE >>





Welp, The Good Wife’s lead star might have just let the cat out of the bag: the show won’t be going on past season 7.

During her speech honoring the Kings at the Casting Society of America’s 3rd annual Artios Awards, Julianna Margulies joked that she also maybe had an ulterior motive for speaking in front of the audience, which was an assemblage of casting directors that included Good Wife creators Robert and Michelle King.
I surprised Robert and Michelle tonight. They didn’t know I was going to be here. They think I’m here for them, but I’m unemployed come April, and I think you haven’t seen me in a while, at least not in person, so I thought I should show up.
Does that officially mean there won’t be any more Good Wife past season 7? Since, you know, there can’t really be any Good Wife without the titular character, the wife…


Julianna Margulies & Her Elegant Red Carpet Style 








































7 Photos »


However, sources tell Variety the 49-year-old was “joking.” Sure. Without Josh Charles (who exited in season 5) and Archie Panjabi (who left at the end of season 6), some might say The Good Wife has weathered its fair share of disappointments, but certainly couldn’t sustain without Margulies.
The Kings announced that they would be leaving their CBS show earlier this month, and the show’s fate has been up in the air ever since. Although it’s own by CBS, it should be noted that the network has yet to renew it for an 8th season. Robert originally told TV Line:
The bottom line is CBS is trying to make deals for an eighth season. So we would be there in a supervisory role, but the storytelling we have will finish in the seventh year. That doesn’t mean we’re putting Alicia in her grave, because you couldn’t do an eighth season after that. But to our minds, we have always written with the idea we could end this season a certain way so that it would make it a satisfactory [conclusion to the] series.
 
Also per Variety, “There’s speculation that CBS may look to try to bring the show back for a short final season of 10 to 13 episodes, but it’s unlikely to return for a full season.”
During CBS’s recent Television Critics Association press tour, CBS president Glenn Geller told reporters he thinks “the show can absolutely continue” without the Kings. Meanwhile, the Kings are busy working on their next project, an upcoming comic thriller “Brain Dead” that is set to debut this summer.
The season 7 finale will air on Jan. 31, 2016.
[Vulture]


Kristen Chenoweth Involved in Accident on 'Good Wife' Set	




























4 Photos »


/n