Angela Simmons Gives Birth, Welcomes First Child With Sutton Tennyson Congratulations, Angela Simmons! Rev Run's daughter has given birth to her first child, a baby boy. Simmons announced the news on her Instagram where she shared an ad.../n
Congratulations, Angela Simmons!Rev Run's daughter has given birth to her first child, a baby boy. Simmons announced the news on her Instagram where she shared an adorable photo of her newborn. "The best part of life has just begun Motherhood #ImSoInLove," she captioned the picture, making sure to include baby and engagement ring emojis.The reality star and fashionista first announced the news of her pregnancy on Instagram, where she shared a picture of her growing baby bump. "We are overjoyed and super excited to receive a blessing this big! Starting a family was something that I could have only dreamed of," she wrote.She later revealed in June that they were expecting a baby boy. "I can't wait to kiss your little toes baby boy #itsaboy #MamasLittleBoy," she wrote.

Although she didn't identify her beau, she was later spotted stepping out with her fiancé and Atlanta businessman Sutton Tennyson. Her pregnancy announcement came shortly after her engagement photo. The Growing Up Hip Hop star celebrated her pregnancy with the ultimate baby shower at Sugar Factory in New York City. The simple-yet-classy affair included friends and family members, who were all up and mingling with one another. When they weren't catching up with the pregnant star, taking selfies or making use of the Tap Snap photo booth, the attendees enjoyed a feast of food. Simmons' shower included delicious food such as fried shrimp, fries, wings, vegetable and dip, chicken fingers, as well as macaroni and cheese balls. 

Guests also indulged in Sugar Factory's signature cocktails, and, of course, their desserts. They had a plate of different treats, including chic cakes, candies and pastries, as well as the main cake, which was made by Sweet Grace Cake Designs.Congratulations again to Angela and Sutton! 
/n