Jimmy Kimmel Chokes Up Discussing Cecil the Lion, Questions Walt Palmer's Actions and Tries to Do Some Good/n
Kimmel said Palmer "closed his dental office in Bloomington, Minn., and he e-mailed a statement to the news, saying, 'I had no idea the lion I took was a known local favorite until the end of the hunt.' Which, first of all, stop saying you took the animal! You take aspirin! You killed the lion! You didn't take it! He said, 'To my knowledge, everything about this trip was legal and properly handled. I relied on the expertise of my local professional guides to ensure a legal hunt.' Which, OK, let's say we accept at face value that he thought it was legal and properly handled and didn't know the lion had a tracking collar and was a local favorite. The big question is: Why are you shooting a lion in the first place? I mean, I'm honestly curious to know why a human being would feel compelled to do that. How is that fun? Is it that difficult for you to get an erection that you need to kill things that are stronger than you? If that's the case, they have a pill for that. It works great! Just stay home and swallow it and you save yourself a lifetime of being the most hated man in America who never advertised JELL-O pudding on television."After making a Bill Cosby reference, Kimmel said he is "not against hunting."

"If you're hunting to eat or to help keep the animal population healthy or it's part of your culture or something, that's one thing, but if you're some A-hole dentist who wants a lion's head over the fireplace in his man cave so his douchebag buddies can gather around it and drink scotch and tell him how awesome he is, that's just vomitus. This guy must have quite a collection of animal heads."Kimmel then showed several photos of Palmer posing next to animals he killed."Here he is posing next to a bear he shot. In 2008, he was convicted of a felony for lying about where he killed a bear in Wisconsin. He got a year probation for that. This is another lion he killed in 2008. This is a leopard. This is a rhino. He killed like half of Noah's Arc," the comedian told the audience. "I don't get it."

"I also don't think the answer is to start a witch-hunt for the guy. Some people online are saying we should skin him and feed him to the lions, which, you know, is crazy," Kimmel said. "But it should be handled in a lawful way. And the men who took him out in the Jeep should be made accountable, too, but in the meantime, I think it's important to have some good come out of this disgusting tragedy."Kimmel shared the link to the website for the Wildlife Conservation Research Unit at Oxford. "These are the researchers who put the collar on Cecil in the first place. They track the animals and study them. If you want to do something—if you want to make this into a positive—you can, uh...Sorry!" he said while getting choked up. "OK, I'm good. Make a donation. Support them. At the very least, maybe we can show the world that not all Americans are like this jack-hole here."
/n