Local News Anchor Pulled Off Air After Getting Caught Daydreaming On Live TV — But Fans Totally Have Her Back!/n

The Internet learned her name, and now it will save her job.
Freelance journalist Natasha Exelby (above) was taken off the air after missing her cue during a televised broadcast — but the career-stalling flub was actually a blessing in disguise when her adorable blooper went viral!
The Internet extended a protective arm over the Australian journalist when it was reported that Exelby had been sidelined from her newsreading duties from the Australian Broadcasting Corp.
Related: Anchor Learns Husband Dies While Reporting On Car Crash
A spokesperson told local press in Sydney that the anchor was a "casual contributor, not a staff member" at the news network. This caused many to worry that the anchor would be permanently benched over Sunday's innocent blunder — and even led to a petition calling for ABC to "reinstate" Exelby.
Ch-ch-check out the clip (below) to see if you agree! 

Apparently, panic was spreading down under for no reason.
ABC director of news Gaven Morris made it clear that Exelby was neither fired nor banned over the on-air daydream, saying:

"Live television is a demanding art and slip-ups will happen – our presenters are humans, not robots. We take on-air standards extremely seriously, but we don't expect perfection. No one would ever be punished for a blooper and, while it isn't appropriate to publicly discuss confidential details of people's personal work arrangements, this has not happened to Natasha."
Phew!
Related: Letterman Was Depressed After That Late Show Sex Scandal
Morris said Exelby has been assured ABC wants to continue its working relationship with her, adding:

"While she is not currently doing any on-air shifts, this will be subject to normal performance management. I have spoken to Natasha and conveyed our regret that this has attracted such attention."
Other sources say Exelby has been offered more training and might be given on air shifts again down the road.
As for the anchor, she's taking this whole situation in stride, quipping on Twitter:

Thank U all for ur generous support. Not my finest hour. Myself and my mesmerising pen honourably salute you!
— Natasha Exelby (@NatashaExelby) April 10, 2017

In support of the blundered brunette, other professionals have taken to Twitter to share their own embarrassing blooper tales with the hashtag #PutYourBloopersOut.
Ch-ch-check out the support and self-posted bloopers (below)!

Don't worry @NatashaExelby. Just a flesh wound. Check out my swearing video if you want a serious #blooper. Australia wants you back on air. pic.twitter.com/RSDTgR1X3U
— Kevin Rudd (@MrKRudd) April 11, 2017

Nothing wrong with a bit of day dreaming at work @NatashaExelby . I fell asleep while on air. #putyourbloopersout pic.twitter.com/10CE3Cqkph
— Grant Denyer (@grantdenyer) April 10, 2017

I asked for an interview with someone who has been dead since 1962 #putyourbloopersout
— Sally Rawsthorne (@sallyrawsthorne) April 10, 2017

Sorry @NatashaExelby, but @LeeLinChinSBS had the greatest blooper of all time https://t.co/SqXtA3S9Sd #PutYourBloopersOut
— Amelia Gilbert (@ameliagilbert) April 11, 2017


Come on ABC - Australian Broadcasting Commission - talk about an over reaction to an over reaction . Free @NatashaExelby !!! https://t.co/4xALx8V5PN
— Russell Crowe (@russellcrowe) April 10, 2017


It's live TV. This is just ridiculous.https://t.co/xy6dp7nKwi
— Bill Shorten (@billshortenmp) April 10, 2017
[Image via Australian Broadcasting Corp..]
/n