From One ‘Bachelor’ To Another/n





                    'DWTS' Cast Revealed
                







Meet your Season 16 stars and their partners.

 MORE >>





Jake Pavelka has some advice for Sean Lowe, Bachelor to Bachelor.
Two years ago, Pavelka went from looking for love to doing the cha-cha on Dancing With the Stars, so he knows a thing or two about balancing everything from a new fiancée to newly found fame.
“As long as he stays grounded, keeps his career and enjoys this as far as it will go, he’ll see a lot of success,” Pavelka told Celebuzz.
“Reality is not a career, it’s just a short moment in time to do something interesting.”
 

'the bachelor': a history of shirtlessness








































12 Photos »



Despite his stardom from both ABC series, Pavelka has still worked as a commercial airline pilot. And he says it won’t be just about Lowe’s performance on the dance floor, but about how he relates with new fiancée Catherine Giudici that will win him the highest scores.
“No matter how secure a woman is, when she sees her man dancing the way he’s going to with another woman, it would make anyone crazy,” said Pavelka, who was engaged to Vienna Girardi when he made it to the sixth round with pro Chelsie Hightower.

“If I were in her shoes, I would too!” he added.
Lowe also needs to be 100% committed to the competition, but with caution.
“Don’t shut out your sweetheart,” Pavelka said. “You have to have a high level of communication with what you’re dong on the dance floor because she’s going to see everything. I encouraged Vienna to have her own relationship with Chelsie. So when it looked like I was kissing on her neck, it wasn’t a big deal.”
 

that's not jake! Vienna girardi shows off her guy on the beach








































7 Photos »



Just one night after proposing on The Bachelor season 17 finale, Lowe, 26, announced he was joining the ballroom competition with partner Peta Murgatroyd.
“Make sure Catherine knows Peta so she knows she’s safe and he’s set up boundaries,” Pavelka advised.
“It’s a very sexual show and the audience loves it and wants to see it. If you’ve noticed, some of the celebrities date the dancers and the audience digs it and it builds ratings.
“He’s going to be all over the place and in the press with another girl and it’s important that he’s open with Catherine about the way she feels.”
 

how many times did sean lowe go shirtless on 'the bachelor?'








































10 Photos »



Despite the pressures on and off camera, Pavelka — who’s happily dating TV and Broadway queen Kristin Chenoweth – predicts Lowe will take home the coveted Mirror Ball trophy.
“I think Sean is a solid guy. He has his head on straight, has great values and I don’t think they’re going to have any trouble,” he said. “These are just the things they’re going to have to deal with as a couple,” he said.
“I predict that he’s going to go all the way — at least to the semifinals, if not the finals.”
Do you think Catherine has anything to worry about with her fiance Sean showing off his sexy moves on DWTS? Tell us what you really think, below.

Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
 No changes are to be made to this player



brightcove.createExperiences();

/n