Hilary Duff's Ex-Husband Mike Comrie Will NOT Face Rape Charges/n
Hilary Duff should be breathing a sigh of relief as her ex-husband Mike Comrie, the father of her son, is out of legal hot water, as Radar has confirmed.
And could the end of the alleged rape probe against Comrie clear the way for Duff to reconcile with him?
Radar has learned former hockey player Comrie, 36, reportedly won’t face rape charges after prosecutors couldn’t stand up allegations that the encounter wasn’t consensual, according to Bleacher Report.
PHOTOS: Bikini-Clad Hilary Duff Gets Hot & Heavy With New Boyfriend Jason Walsh
As Radar has reported, Duff, 29, who reportedly split from boyfriend Matt Koma earlier this year was photographed looking very friendly with her ex after the scandal broke.
Comrie, who was divorced from Duff last year, and fathered her son Luca, 5, was embroiled in scandal after he was investigated for an alleged sexual assault at his Los Angeles residence in February, as Radar reported.
The former athlete was accused of raping a woman he met at a bar on Feb. 11, Radar has reported. He allegedly knew his victim and acknowledged that he had sex with her, but he insisted that the encounter was consensual.
PHOTOS: Aloha! Hilary Duff Strips Down To Itsy-Bitsy Bikini In Hawaii
And now, reportedly prosecutors have cited “reasonable doubt” over the accusation of non-consensual anal sex.
The alleged accuser told police she was one of two women with Comrie on Feb. 11, reports say. The first woman allegedly had consensual sex with the retired hockey player and left. Then the accuser also allegedly had consensual sex with Comrie — but reportedly claimed he crossed a line by forcing her into sodomy, as the Bleacher Report story noted.
Comrie, according to reports, was heard on an audio recording by prosecutors telling the accuser woman that all of the acts were consensual.
PHOTOS: Hilary Duff Gets Flirty In A Bikini During Her Gal Pal Getaway In Mexico
According to the Daily Mail, Comrie, who retired from hockey, submitted a DNA sample for testing during the probe.
The woman was reportedly examined at a rape treatment center but it couldn’t be determined whether her injuries came from consensual or non-consensual sex.
Duff has stood by him. But she also has been dating after their split and was spotted with a mystery man in March as her ex-husband was under a cloud of suspicion.
The actress and her ex remain close and her mom defended Comrie during the rape scandal, as Radar reported. Duff’s mother Susan said that Comrie is a “great guy.”
Days after her divorce from Comrie, Duff was seen vacationing with him in Hawaii as they raise Luca together.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n