Maria Shriver Shows Off Wedding Band Amid Rumors of Reconciliation With Arnold Schwarzenegger (PHOTOS)/n





                    Arnold's Confession
                







Schwarzenegger shocker: Admits to baby with staffer.

 MORE >>





 Ringing in a reconciliation?
Fueling rumors of a possible reunion with estranged husband Arnold Schwarzenegger, Maria Shriver stepped out with her wedding band back on her left hand as she grabbed lunch with daughter Katherine at Brentwood Country Mart in Los Angeles, Calif., on Saturday.
Schwarzenegger, 65 — who is promoting his new autobiography Total Recall: My Unbelievably True Life Story — recently revealed his hopes of winning his wife back after their marriage crumbled over an affair he had with housekeeper Mildred Baena that resulted in a son. Six weeks after her husband admitted to fathering the boy, Shriver filed for divorce in July 2011.
What did Schwarzenegger say about his strained 25-year marriage?
“I love my kids dearly, and I love Maria … She has been truly the only love that I’ve ever had, and that’s what is so pitiful about it,” the former California governor told CNN’s Piers Morgan. “All of a sudden, from one day to the next, the personal life totally crashed and I wiped out everything, you know, that I had. I mean the thing that I cherished the most was my personal life, was my marriage and was my family. I always thought that it was one of my greatest accomplishments.”


Mildred Baena: The Mother of Arnold Schwarzenegger%u2019s Baby








































7 Photos »


In his forthcoming book, the Austrian-born one-time bodybuilder praises Shriver, 56, as a supportive wife, but admits to keeping her in the dark during much of their relationship. “That’s the way I handle things. And it always has worked,” Schwarzenegger told 60 Minutes, according to the Associated Press. “But, I mean it does not – it’s not the best thing for people around me because I sometimes – some information I just keep to myself…. I became an expert in living in denial.”


Arnold Schwarzenegger steps out Post-Split








































10 Photos »


Though the actor-turned-politician refused to comment on his out-of-wedlock son Joseph – now about 15 years old – he did discuss only blaming himself for the major misstep that tore apart his family. “The thing that really meant the most to me kind of fell apart because of my doing,” he said in the 60 Minutes interview. “That is something that I will always look back and say, ‘How could you have done that?'”
Do you think Shriver should forgive her husband? Weigh in below.
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player

  brightcove.createExperiences();

/n