role of playing Lumiere—arguably, the Beast's closest friend and confidant.  Kevin Kline: It's not just his grey hair that landed him the role as Maurice, Kline's kind and humble eyes are definitely essential to the part. Emma.../n
We seriously can't get enough of all the teasers leading up to the Beauty and the Beast release (which is still four months away, mind you).Last week, we were gifted with some stunning movie stills from the film—including a few breathtaking moments between Emma Watson as Belle and Dan Stevens as Beast—and on Monday, we finally got the first official, full-length trailer, giving the world a glimpse at what's bound to be one of the best films of the year.But even before the trailer was released, we knew that was the case.The live-action adaptation boasts a talented cast with major industry names, including: Luke Evans as Gaston, Josh Gad as LeFou, Kevin Kline as Maurice, Gugu Mbatha-Raw as Plumette, Audra McDonald as Madame de Garderobe, Ewan McGregor as Lumière, Ian McKellen as Cogsworth, Emma Thompson as Mrs. Potts and Stanley Tucci as Cadenza.

In fact, as more and more movie stills and photos continue being released, we decided to take a look at each one of the stars in real life as compared to their Disney characters.Check it out below!

Emma Watson: She's just as much an elegant beauty in real life as she is playing Belle in the film!

Dan Stevens With his piercing blue eyes and dashing looks, you might not think he could pull off Beast so well...but he certainly does!

Luke Evans: There's something about his chiseled jaw, dimpled chin and deep set eyes make him the perfect person to play the film's antagonist.

Josh Gad: Who better to play Gaston's sidekick LeFou than the talented, comedic actor!

Ian McKellen: McKellen's wise eyes alone are reason enough for choosing him to play the wise father clock Cogsworth.

Ewan McGregor: The Scottish actor takes on the pivotal role of playing Lumiere—arguably, the Beast's closest friend and confidant. 

Kevin Kline: It's not just his grey hair that landed him the role as Maurice, Kline's kind and humble eyes are definitely essential to the part.

Emma Thompson: As if that smile doesn't already prove why Thompson is playing Mrs. Potts, her experience as a mother and nurturing demeanor definitely should!

Gugu Mbatha-Raw: It might be weird to say Mbatha-Raw's beauty resembles that of the delicate and elegant feather duster, Plumette, but we totally mean it as a big compliment.

Beauty and the Beast hits theaters on March 17, 2017.
/n