Team Aniston! Jen’s Friends Freeze Out Chelsea Handler After Bitter Feud/n
Chelsea Handler is trying hard to rebuild her social life in the wake of her fallout with Jennifer Aniston, but RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned that’s proving easier said than done for the comedienne, who’s found herself banned from her former friend’s inner circle.
“Jen’s friends are all staunchly loyal,” which means Aniston’s closest confidants, including Courteney Cox, Jason Bateman, Jen Meyer, Molly Sims, Ellen DeGeneres and others, “are not interested in hanging with Chelsea,” revealed an insider.
PHOTOS: ‘Friends’ To Enemies! Inside Jennifer Aniston & Chelsea Handler’s Failed Womance
As Radar reported, Aniston, 48, and 42-year-old Handler’s close friendship recently imploded.
“Jennifer found out that Chelsea was spilling secrets about her marriage,” to actor Justin Theroux, “and talking behind her back,” a source close to the 42-year-old Chelsea had explained.
PHOTOS: Had A Facelift, Lately?! Chelsea Handler’s Frozen Face EXPOSED — Before & After Photos
Now Handler has found herself persona non grata, and she’s desperate to get back into the center of Aniston’s social circle.
“Chelsea’s trying to organize a huge Halloween party right now, even though it’s over three months away!” said the insider.
“She’s sent out tentative invites asking people to hold the dates, but the silence has been deafening, and a few have gone so far as to coldly decline,” continued the insider.]
PHOTOS: Violent Rants & Nasty Slurs! The Top 10 Nastiest Celebrity Racism Scandals Of All Time
Now, “Chelsea’s desperate to re-assert herself into the cultural conversation since suffering a drop in her profile as a result of relocating her show to Netflix and only airing new episodes once a week,” said the insider.
“She’s starting to realize that it’s going to be virtually impossible [to remain relevant] without Jen’s friendship.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n