 Another Deen Racism Scandal? Paula’s Son Jamie Posts Jokey Tweet Featuring Black Employee.../n
Like mother, like son? Paula Deen has rebounded from her own racism scandal with a new network and business deals continuing to roll in. But as reports swirl that her son Jamie Deen’s own Food Network show has been cancelled, RadarOnline.com has learned that he’s been caught engaging in his own questionable behavior, which one fan calls “worse than the N-word!’
PHOTOS: ‘Hazardous Food,’ Slime & Other Health Code Violations: Inside 20 Celebrity-Owned Restaurants
On june 13, Jamie posted a pic of himself smooching an older African-American woman, captioning the pic “Don’t tell [my wife] Brooke. #jellyroll #sugar” 
The woman in the photo, Ineata “Jellyroll” Jones, has been at the center of accusations of racism surrounding the family. 
PHOTOS: Different Worlds: Paula Deen’s Life Is The Opposite Of Some Who Make Her Products & The Products She Endorses


Don't tell Brooke.
#jellyroll #sugar pic.twitter.com/rdoNqGEQ4N
— Jamie Deen (@jamie_deen) June 13, 2014

In 2013, The Columbus Dispatch claimed, “Deen used Jones for restaurant theater. At 11 a.m., when the doors opened at [her restaurant] Lady & Sons, she stood in front and rang an iron dinner bell.” Jones was also tasked with making hoecakes at an open kitchen station in view of customers, and according to the paper, “Deen wanted Jones to dress in an old-style Aunt Jemima outfit.”
While Deen denied the accusation, former employee Dora Charles said, “Jellyroll didn’t want to hear that. She didn’t want to do that.”
PHOTOS: It’s 5 O’Clock Somewhere! Paula Deen Chugs Bottle Of Tequila During Live Cooking Show
Jones has said she only has positive things to say about her employment with Deen.
But still, others have found fault with the family’s supposedly loving nickname for the cook. 
PHOTOS: Celebrity Racist Rants
With ties to black jazz artist “Jelly Roll” Morton and African America slang for female genitalia, “Jelly Roll” has come under fire from Deen critics for its racist connotations. 
“Wow, did Paula Deen really call one of her workers JellyRoll?” LaVerne Mack (@shaigirl11) wrote on Twitter. “I find that more offensive than the N-word.”
PHOTOS: Cooking Up Trouble! 11 Celebrity Chefs Scandals
Tyler Richardson (@Ty1erRichardson) wrote, “Paula Deen employeed a woman named Ineata “Jellyroll” Jones. She has some sense of humor.”
The questionable tweet comes amid new reports from the New York Post that Jamie’s Food Network show, Home For Dinner with Jamie Deen has not been renewed for a third season.
Do you think the nickname and Deen’s post are offensive? Let us know in the comments! /n