Twilight Updates/n
JACKSON RATHBONE
The actor who plays Jasper Hale is a new dad
Rathbone, 27, and his girlfriend, burlesque dancer Sheila Hafsadi, 25, welcomed son Monroe Jackson Rathbone VI on July 5. “It’s been pure love and amazement,” he says about fatherhood. “I am now the dad that constantly kisses his son, and I just can’t wait for him to call me ‘Daddy.'”
NIKKI REED
The actress who plays Rosalie Hale got hitched
Twilight veteran Reed, 24, latched onto another pop culture institution-tying the knot with American Idol contestant Paul McDonald, 28, in October 2011. “Marrying Paul was one of the best decisions I have ever made,” said Reed. “I’m madly in love with him.”
PETER FACINELLI
The actor who plays Dr. Cullen is newly single
Facinelli, 39, split from Jennie Garth-his wife of 11 years-but remains a doting dad to his three kids. “My oldest daughter is discovering boys, so I have to protect her!” said the actor, who also continues to do rounds as a doctor on the Showtime hit Nurse Jackie.
KELLAN LUTZ
The heartthrob who plays Emmett Cullen lands a wild lead role and settles into a romance
Lutz, 27, will be starring as Tarzan in a 3D movie due out next year. “It was the best experience of my life,” he says. “I love animals so it was my dream to play Tarzan.” Offscreen he’s been dating Australian actress Sharni Vinson, 29. “I’ve become mature when it comes to relationships with women,” says Lutz.
ASHLEY GREENE
Her film resume keeps growing, and the actress who plays Alice Cullen is also a fashion star
Greene, 25, who’s always been a standout on the fashion front, officially became the new face of DKNY and DKNY Jeans. But her main focus still remains on acting. She nabbed her first lead film role in the horror flick The Apparition, which debuted in August, and next year she’ll be starring in CBGB, as the daughter of a New York City punk-rock-club owner. Now that Twilight is coming to an end, it’s “something to skyrocket off of,” says Greene. “There’s so much work to be done. I’m just getting started.”
/n