The View's Nicolle Wallace Dishes on Hillary, Jeb and the 'Musical Chairs' of View Co-Hosts/n
Nicolle Wallace may get dizzy from all the ups and downs at The View – she says she sometimes has no idea who will be guest-hosting until the day before – but through the turmoil of Rosie O’Donnell exiting the show in February, the three regulars who are left have bonded.  
“The result of this long process is that Rosie Perez and Whoopi and I have become extremely close,” Wallace says.  
 “We call ourselves ‘The Three Musketeers.’ We’re much more than colleagues – we’re dear friends who support each other outside of the show.”  
Wallace, who began her career as a Republican communications adviser to then-Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, before moving on to jobs with President George W. Bush and vice presidential nominee Sarah Palin, got on the phone with PEOPLE on Friday to talk about her third novel, Madam President, and a little scoop on other hot topics, too.  
How is it that Madam President reminds me of vividly of being at the White House on 9/11?I interviewed probably 75 people – everyone from the stewards on Air Force One to the people who served food in the White House Mess, to reporters and staff in the complex – about what it was like to be there on that day. I was one of the people who couldn’t not think about it after it happened. I was one of the only people I knew who went and took advantage of the free counseling that was available to White House staffers in the basement of the Old Executive Office Building next door. I still look up when I see planes flying over the White House or over the Hudson River and feel a pit in my stomach. The book is my effort to put all my memories of what the day was like into a little time capsule.  
Who will be the first to be called ‘Madam President’ in real life?I don’t know. I hope she’s a Republican. I wish there were a few women on both sides, in both primaries. Hillary Clinton‘s not the candidate I’m going to be supporting, but she certainly has as good a shot as anyone at being the next president.  
Is there anything to the buzz about Monica Lewinsky being considered as a View co-host?I’ve heard her name and I’ve talked about her. I watched her TED talk three times. So I would love to have her on. No idea if she’s on anyone’s radar as a host.  
What about Palin, who was once pretty open about wanting the job?(Laughs.) I think I’m all the Republican they can handle right now. I’ve never heard Sarah Palin’s name, but I would not be surprised to see her there one morning. This process is sort of like a Republican White House – it’s shrouded in secrecy and there are no leaks.  
What’s it like, though, to be kinda blind-dating guest hosts every day, looking for chemistry with them?They’re all so wonderful, I liken it to musical chairs – when the music stops, whoever’s sitting in the chair would be great with me. At some point, I guess they’re waiting for the viewers, who have been through a lot, to maybe send a signal.  
Before you go, tell us something about your old boss, Jeb Bush, that might surprise us.He was always working on being in better shape, always fighting those last five pounds, 10 pounds. So he would walk the stairs in the Florida statehouse, which, in Tallahassee, was a real sweaty endeavor. I’d get dragged up 10 flights of stairs and come down in a steamy pool of sweat. And he was a good flier. I always had air sickness on the little prop plane that was the Florida state plane. We’d fly through bad weather and he was always comforting to me. But I did tend to notice that when I looked like I was going to puke, he was careful to move his laptop out of the way.  
Watch These Children Freak out as Bees Upstage President Obama

/n