Will Smith Bashes Donald Trump’s Proposed Ban on Muslims While Promoting ‘Suicide Squad’ /n





                    Here's How Bad 'Suicide Squad' Reviews Are Affecting the 'Justin League' Movie
                







As Suicide Squad continues to receive abysmal reviews...

 MORE >>





The movie star discussed the polarizing atmosphere of the presidential election and his reaction to his newest film’s abysmal reviews.

Will Smith paid a visit to Dubai in the United Arab Emirates over the weekend to chat about his new film Suicide Squad, but the conversation turned to anti-Islam sentiments stemming from Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump who is advocating not allowing Muslims to enter the U.S. from countries known to have terrorist activity.
“In terms of Islamophobia in America, for me that’s why it’s important to show up,” Smith said via AP. He explained that, now more than ever, it’s important to “speak out about the insanity” that has come to define this election season.
“As painful as it is to hear Donald Trump talk and as embarrassing as it is as an American to hear him talk, I think it’s good,” said Smith. “We get to know who people are and now we get to cleanse it out of our country.”


New ‘Suicide Squad’ Images Tease Closer Look at Joker and Much More








































23 Photos »


Smith, who made headlines by protesting the Academy Awards this year due to the lack of diversity in the nomination categories, also discussed the responsibility that he feels as an African-American striving for positive change. He said he works to create an impression with others “where when they see a black man, the energy that we had can be what they remember.”
“They have to know that your black skin won’t hurt them,” he said, relaying advice from South African revolutionary Nelson Mandela.
Although Smith’s new movie broke August records over the weekend, racking in over $280K worldwide to date, it has been lambasted by critics everywhere. The 47-year-old actor simply responded to the poor reception by admitting that his track record is full of both successes and disappointments.
“I feel like at this point in my career I’ve earned the right to fail,” he stated.


12 of Jaden Smith's Most Inspiring Quotes








































12 Photos »


/n