Chester Bennington’s Wife Releases Heartbreaking Statement About Singer’s Death/n





                    Linkin Park Break Their Silence on Chester Bennington's Death
                







The members of Linkin Park are in mourning.

 MORE >>










                    Inside Chester Bennington's Final Days
                







"I can either just give up and f**king die or I can fight," said the late singer in his final interview. 

 MORE >>





Chester Bennington’s widow, Talinda Ann Bentley, broke her silence about her late husband eight days after the Linkin Park frontman’s death.

Releasing a statement through the band’s publicist, the model spoke about the sudden loss and called on fans to support each other in times of pain.
“One week ago, I lost my soulmate and my children lost their hero-their Daddy. We had a fairytale life and now it has turned into some sick
Shakespearean tragedy,” she said. “How do I move on? How do I pick up my shattered soul? The only answer I know is to raise our babies with every ounce of love I have left.”
“I want to let my community and the fans worldwide know that we feel your love. We feel your loss as well. My babies are so young to have lost their daddy. And I know that all of you will help keep his memory alive,” she continued. “He was a bright, loving soul with an angel’s voice. And now he is pain free singing his songs in all of our hearts. May God Bless us all and help us turn to one another when we are in pain. Chester would’ve wanted us to do so.”
The statement came on the same day of what would’ve been the kickoff of Linkin Park’s two-night collaborative concert with Blink-182. In light of Bennington’s death, Linkin Park’s One More Light North American Tour was canceled.
“Talking with you about the years ahead together, your excitement was infectious,” the rock group said in a statement this week. “Your absence leaves a void that can never be filled—a boisterous, funny, ambitious, creative, kind, generous voice in the room is missing.”
Bennington died by suicide in his California home on July 20. He was 41.


Gone Too Soon: Celebs Who Died Before Their Time








































17 Photos »


/n