Rachel Lindsay And New Fiancé Bryan Abasolo Are Already Having Problems/n"Watching some of the scenes has obviously been hard for Bryan," the source said. "He had no idea how strong Rachel's feelings were for [runner-up Peter Kraus, 31] and couldn't believe how torn she was over who to pick. Byran can't help but fear that Rachel loved Peter more than she loves him, and may even still have feelings for him. It's causing tension."Bryan's frustration was strong enough that he decided to confront Rachel. "He flat-out asked her, 'Why did you pick me?'" the insider said. "Rachel, as honest as she claims to be, didn't really have a good answer for Bryan.""Bryan fears he won by default," the insider said. Rachel picked Bryan after Peter told her he might not be ready to propose. "He can't help but think he could have been Rachel's second pick, and that's a harsh reality for him."That isn't the new couple's only issue, either. "They've also clashed over Rachel's social life. She likes to go out with her girlfriends, but Bryan's the complete opposite," the source admitted. "He works every day, so he really isn't into going out. He'd much rather hang out at home."Rachel has also been bit by the fame bug. She "has expressed an interest in possibly moving to L.A. to pursue a sports broadcasting career," the insider said. "But Bryan really doesn't want to leave Miami. He has his chiropractic practice there—it's something he's worked very hard for." Since Bryan is a huge mama's boy, his mom, Olga, has also gotten in the way of his and Rachel's romance. "She's concerned that Bryan might have moved too quickly with Rachel," the source continued. "Olga's shocked that Bryan is in love with Rachel after only a few weeks. She's seen him with so many girls over the years and questions why he was able to fall in love so quickly with the one he meets on TV.""Yes, Rachel and Bryan had amazing chemistry while filming the show, but they were caught up in the whirlwind of the whole Bachelorette experience," the source said. "It happens all the time—once the cameras stop rolling, reality sets in and feelings slowly start to change."What do you think about Rachel choosing Bryan? Sound off in the comments! "Watching some of the scenes has obviously been hard for Bryan," the source said. "He had no idea how strong Rachel's feelings were for [runner-up Peter Kraus, 31] and couldn't believe how torn she was over who to pick. Byran can't help but fear that Rachel loved Peter more than she loves him, and may even still have feelings for him. It's causing tension."Bryan's frustration was strong enough that he decided to confront Rachel. "He flat-out asked her, 'Why did you pick me?'" the insider said. "Rachel, as honest as she claims to be, didn't really have a good answer for Bryan.""Bryan fears he won by default," the insider said. Rachel picked Bryan after Peter told her he might not be ready to propose. "He can't help but think he could have been Rachel's second pick, and that's a harsh reality for him."That isn't the new couple's only issue, either. "They've also clashed over Rachel's social life. She likes to go out with her girlfriends, but Bryan's the complete opposite," the source admitted. "He works every day, so he really isn't into going out. He'd much rather hang out at home."Rachel has also been bit by the fame bug. She "has expressed an interest in possibly moving to L.A. to pursue a sports broadcasting career," the insider said. "But Bryan really doesn't want to leave Miami. He has his chiropractic practice there—it's something he's worked very hard for." Since Bryan is a huge mama's boy, his mom, Olga, has also gotten in the way of his and Rachel's romance. "She's concerned that Bryan might have moved too quickly with Rachel," the source continued. "Olga's shocked that Bryan is in love with Rachel after only a few weeks. She's seen him with so many girls over the years and questions why he was able to fall in love so quickly with the one he meets on TV.""Yes, Rachel and Bryan had amazing chemistry while filming the show, but they were caught up in the whirlwind of the whole Bachelorette experience," the source said. "It happens all the time—once the cameras stop rolling, reality sets in and feelings slowly start to change."What do you think about Rachel choosing Bryan? Sound off in the comments! /n