Miles Teller Isn’t Taking Responsibility for His Public Intoxication Arrest/n





                    Miles Teller Is Still Trying to Convince Everyone He's Not a D*ck
                







Trust him. 

 MORE >>





It seems Miles Teller doesn’t believe he is to blame for his own behavior.

The Fantastic Four star quickly denied any wrong-doing when news of his arrest for public intoxication broke. Taking to Twitter, he refuted claims he was taken into police custody while partying with friends in San Diego this weekend, writing, “Went down to SD to see my buddy before he deployed. I wasn’t arrested I was detained bc there was no evidence to charge me with a crime.”
“Don’t believe everything you read, especially from a third party entertainment news source trying to get clicks. Appreciate the concern,” he added.

Went down to SD to see my buddy before he deployed. I wasn’t arrested I was detained bc there was no evidence to charge me with a crime.
— Miles Teller (@Miles_Teller) June 19, 2017


Don’t believe everything you read, especially from a third party entertainment news source trying to get clicks. Appreciate the concern.
— Miles Teller (@Miles_Teller) June 19, 2017


However, after a spokesperson with the San Diego Police Department confirmed to multiple news outlets the Divergent actor was arrested and booked for public intoxication Sunday morning (June 18, 2017), Miles changed his tune and insinuated the bar that had served him was to blame.
“I blame Shore Club,” he tweeted Monday, after a rep for the SDPD told several publications they had Miles’ mug shot to prove he was charged.

I blame Shore Club
— Miles Teller (@Miles_Teller) June 19, 2017

A day after his arrest, the 30-year-old was spotted out on a dinner date with girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at a Japanese restaurant in Studio City, Calif. Miles was casually dressed in a L.A. Lakers tee, jeans and sneakers.
According to People, Miles’ police report will be handed to the San Diego City Attorney’s office, which will determine whether or not to press charges.
As previously reported, San Diego cops found Miles drunk on a sidewalk around 12:30 a.m. in Pacific Beach. He allegedly became uncooperative when authorities took him to one of the city’s detox centers to sober up. When Miles rejected treatment at the facility, police charged him with public drunkenness — a misdemeanor crime — and placed him into the San Diego County Jail. He was released approximately four hours later without bail.


miles teller steps out post-arrest








































6 Photos »


/n