‘Emily Owens, M.D.’ Premiere: Necar Zadegan Talks ‘Grey’s Anatomy’ Comparisons, Her Tough Character (VIDEO)/n





                    'Emily Owens': Romance
                







The stars of the new CW show talk romantic tension. 

 MORE >>










                    CW fall show art
                







Check out the official posters for The CW's new fall shows. 

 MORE >>





 The CW’s newest medical drama, Emily Owens, M.D., will take you back to high school.
The show stars Mamie Gummer, daughter of Meryl Streep, as the titular character, an awkward young surgical intern who is starting at a Denver Hospital. As if the stress of a new job wasn’t enough, she must also deal with her high school nemesis (Aja Naomi King) and her medical school crush (Justin Hartley) in her intern class.
Sounds like a younger Grey’s Anatomy, right?
Actress Necar Zadegan, who plays world famous cardiothoracic surgeron Gina Bandhari on the show, told Celebuzz she welcomes the comparison when she stopped by our Hollywood studio.
“If we’re going to be compared to anything, I love to be compared to something really successful like Grey’s,” she said. “Emily Owens is a very charming, kind of quirky character that we watch the story unfold through her eyes.”
What did the star tell us about her character?

Zadegan, 31 told us she thinks of her character “kind of as a ‘50s father.”
“She’s got these kids under her wing and she’s maybe a little impatient with him,” she explained. “She’s got this old school way of working with them.”
 

check out photos from 'emily owens, m.d.' series premiere








































12 Photos »



The Iranian-American actress, who’s also known for her work on 24 as Dalia Hassan, says her new is just like the strong woman she played on the FOX series.
“They’re possibly intimidated by the character, not me,” said the actress.
Watch Zadegan’s entire interview with The Daily Buzz above.
Emily Owens, M.D. premieres Tuesday at 9 PM on The CW.
Will you be watching? Let us know and head back after the show and tell us what you thought.
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player



brightcove.createExperiences();

/n