The Cast of ‘Pretty Little Liars’ Saying Their Goodbyes Will Make You Ugly Cry/n





                    'Pretty Little Liars' Is Officially Ending After Season 7
                







"A" fond farewell is in order. 

 MORE >>





The cast of Pretty Little Liars said their emotional goodbyes after the show wrapped filming its final episode.
After seven years of text messages, twists, and black “A” hoodies, the show is officially coming to an end. Ashley Benson, Shay Mitchell, Lucy Hale, Troian Bellisario, and Sasha Pieterse all took to their social media accounts to say farewell to Hanna, Emily, Aria, Spencer, and Ali.


25 TV Shows We Said Goodbye to in 2015








































25 Photos »


The final season of Pretty Little Liars will not air until April next year, but judging by the girls’ Instagram photos, there wasn’t a dry eye after closing out the series.



Seven years later the day has come to say goodbye.
A photo posted by Ashley Benson (@itsashbenzo) on Oct 26, 2016 at 12:09pm PDT






Reflecting on these last seven years in my empty room I called home. I will never forget this experience. I was so lucky to work with such amazing people who have affected my life greatly. I am so happy to know they will be my family from here on out. To the fans…… what can I say other than I love you so much. Thank you for being on this journey with me and giving me so much support. I wouldn’t be here without all of you. I’m sad to say bye to Hanna….. but I’m excited to see what the future holds and I’m so happy to know that all of you will be by my side ❤️
A photo posted by Ashley Benson (@itsashbenzo) on Oct 26, 2016 at 4:20pm PDT






Today we let Aria, Alison, Hanna, Emily, and Spencer go while the rest of us tried to cope by eating cake. Thank you everyone for this incredible ride. I’m trying to breathe and soak it all in and I’m just so full of gratitude that this was my life for so long. Rosewood Forever, xoxo Em. I mean Shay 💋. #PLLForever
A photo posted by Shay Mitchell (@shaym) on Oct 27, 2016 at 1:10am PDT






The day has come to say goodbye to my second home, a character that helped shaped me and so many people who mean the world to me. Bittersweet feelings today, but so proud of what we’ve done. ❤️
A photo posted by Lucy Hale (@lucyhale) on Oct 26, 2016 at 11:09am PDT






From the first episode (this photo) until now … goodbye Aria. You became a huge part of my life and a part of my identity in a way. I’ll miss you , your wacky wardrobe, your ability to do anything for love and your friends. Forever in my heart!!
A photo posted by Lucy Hale (@lucyhale) on Oct 26, 2016 at 2:10pm PDT






This guy made my job and life so fun. Thank you @ianmharding for being you. Cherish you always.
A photo posted by Lucy Hale (@lucyhale) on Oct 26, 2016 at 5:17pm PDT






I have kept so little in this room over the years, by Patti and Lo have been here through all of it. I guess I had hopes it would make it easy to pack up when the end came. Well, It took very little time but nothing about the packing was felt easy. Goodbye room (and my home for 7 years). Be good to the next girl. Whoever she is.
A photo posted by Troian Bellisario (@sleepinthegardn) on Oct 26, 2016 at 3:59pm PDT






I can’t believe that the day has come. In a couple of hours I’ll be going to work for the last time at my second home. Although this day will be filled with happy and sad tears, I’ll be forever grateful to share them with the ones I’ve come to call family. #pllfamily
A photo posted by Sasha Pieterse (@sashapieterse27) on Oct 26, 2016 at 8:31am PDT



It didn’t end there though, since Ian Harding, Tyler Blackburn, and Keegan Allen also said goodbye to the show and their PLL ladies.



This one has made every day of work a total joy. Thank you for putting up with my dumb songs and my affinity for not shutting up. You’re a gem miss Hale. I’ll miss you tremendously. Much love and Happy wrap. @lucyhale
A photo posted by Ian Harding. (@ianmharding) on Oct 26, 2016 at 11:29pm PDT






Goodnight my friend.
A photo posted by Ian Harding. (@ianmharding) on Oct 27, 2016 at 12:54am PDT






Repping Caleb Rivers forever. This is one of the most emotionally challenging days I’ve had in a long time. I’m in a fog. Feeling grateful nonetheless. I love my #PLL family!
A photo posted by Tyler Blackburn (@tylerjblackburn) on Oct 26, 2016 at 9:45pm PDT






As I reflect on these years together in my dressing room on stage 6 on the WB lot (apparently James Dean once climbed above it and hid in the rafters) it is silent. I am unable to find the words to equate how tremendously emotional I feel. It is unlike anything I could ever explain. I will think about this often, and look back fondly on what we all shared together. I can’t even believe it. So grateful for the support of our fans and friends. I will miss this family so very much.
A photo posted by Keegan Allen📸 (@keeoone) on Oct 25, 2016 at 9:21pm PDT



What a sad, sad day in Rosewood. PLL returns to Freeform in April 2017.


'Pretty Little Liars' Season 3 Cast Photos	








































10 Photos »


/n