Eddie Cibrian Blasts Ex Brandi Over 'False' Stalking Claim About Wife LeAnn/n
It seems the bitter Eddie Cibrian, LeAnn Rimes, and Brandi Glanville battle will never end!
Cibrian, 43,who notoriously left wife Glanville, 44, after having an affair with Rimes, 34—and later married the country singer, has blasted back at the Real Housewife for branding Rimes a stalker.
On Friday, Glanville claimed on social media that last month, Rimes and her assistant watched four of Glanville’s new beau Donald Friese’s Snapchats.
PHOTOS: 9021-OMG! ‘RHOBH’ Cast Feud Explodes
According to Glanville, Rimes and Cibrian showed up with Glanville and Cibrian’s two sons at a Malibu restaurant where Friese and Glanville had said online they were going. As proof, Glanville included a screenshot one of the Snapchats and a list of usernames of people who viewed them, which included Rimes, E! News reported.
“Stalking my boyfriend to show up with my kids was the last straw,” Glanville tweeted.
PHOTOS: It’s War! Inside Erika Girardi & Dorit Kemsley’s Nasty ‘RHOBH’ Feud

I've taken done that more times than I can remember. Stalking my boyfriend to show up with my kids was the last straw.
— Brandi Glanville (@BrandiGlanville) June 9, 2017

And previously, Glanville had told E! News that Rimes has been “going after” her boyfriend Friese and “checking his stuff.”
But Cibrian, the father of Glanville’s sons Mason and Jake, wasn’t going to take the charges against his wife lying down.
“I normally don’t respond to Brandi’s foolishness but I will not allow false and reverse accusations to go unanswered about my wife,” Cibrian said in a statement.
PHOTOS: From Housewife To Homeless: Kim Richards Moving In With Sister After Rehab – Down & Out Pics In 8 Clicks
“LeAnn is a fantastic stepmom to the boys and is always gracious to their mother. Having to put up with Brandi’s made up drama all the time is extremely frustrating. After eight years we should have one priority, making sure two incredible kids are loved and remain happy and healthy.
But every couple of months there is another accusation coming from Brandi in an attempt to drum up drama to stay relevant.”
Also, Cibrian alleged Glanville was a liar: “LeAnn and I did not nor have we ever ‘shown up’ at places where Brandi will be,” he said. “Why would we do that? Makes no sense. We had a reservation held at Nobu five days before Brandi posted she was going.”
PHOTOS: Hot, Hot, Hot! ‘RHOBH’ Newbie Dorit Kemsley Shows Off Post Baby Bod In Skimpy Bikini
Cibrian presented his own proof, posting a screenshot of a text message exchange between Rimes and her assistant, in which the singer asks her five days beforehand to make a dinner reservation for four, including the boys, at Nobu restaurant.
“Here is the proof and if anyone needs more, call Nobu and they will confirm,” Cibrian said.
As Radar has reported, Glanville was devastated when she found out her husband Cibrian was cheating on her with Rimes,  his co-star in a Lifetime movie.
PHOTOS: ‘RHOBH’ Star Eileen Davidson’s Yearbook Pictures Revealed
Glanville, who went on to star in The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills, filed for divorce from Cibrian in 2009. Two years later, the actor married Rimes. They have seemed happy ever since, celebrating their five year anniversary by stripping down in Mexico last year.
Meanwhile, Glanville has never stopped talking about her pain over the love triangle and blasting Rimes. In 2013, she called the “How Do I Live” warbler a “tramp” on The Tonight Show.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n