We Found It: Katherine Heigl’s Heart-Print Baby Carrier (Plus Five Other Precious Patterns!)/n
Katherine Heigl is a mama on the move — and she’s got the gear to support it.
The 38-year-old mother of three posted a snap to Instagram over the weekend, showing off her multitasking skills while wearing her 7-month-old son Joshua Bishop in a super cute yellow baby carrier with a heart pattern.
“The truth is, said baby started pitching a fit moments after this pic was taken and the whole DIY project went up in smoke until I put him down for his nap,” Heigl captioned the photo honestly.
Even though motherhood isn’t always easy, at least the actress and lifestyle blogger is prepared with her trusty carrier: the Baby Tula Free-to-Grow carrier in Play, which retails for $159 at Target.
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.





 Up now on Those Heavenly Days (link in bio) is a new post on my favorite DIY cleaning supplies. Yeah I realize I sorta look like the mother with the mostess in this pic. Making my own cleaning supplies while wearing my baby…the truth is, said baby started pitching a fit moments after this pic was taken and the whole DIY project went up in smoke until I put him down for his nap. Pictures rarely tell the whole story! #thoseheavenlydays #badlandsranch #diycleaningsupplies thoseheavenlydays.com
A post shared by Katherine Heigl (@katherineheigl) on Aug 11, 2017 at 1:35pm PDT


Target
RELATED VIDEO: Katherine Heigl Opens Up About Experiencing Her First Pregnancy


 
Want to channel the Grey’s Anatomy alum’s super-mom moments, but have a different look in mind? Check out five of our favorite Baby Tulas below!
Nordstrom
Shop It! Baby Tula Free-to-Grow Baby Carrier in Connect ($159), nordstrom.com
Amazon
Shop It! Baby Tula Ergonomic Carrier in Shenandoah ($139), amazon.com
Amazon
Shop It! Baby Tula Ergonomic Carrier in Archer ($149), amazon.com
FROM PEN: Katherine Heigl Introduces Baby Joshua

 
RELATED GALLERY: Diaper (Bag!) Duty: 5 Luxe Carryalls for the Super Stylish Mom and Dad
Amazon
Shop It! Baby Tula Free-to-Grow Baby Carrier in Wonder ($159), amazon.com
Amazon
Shop It! Baby Tula Ergonomic Free-to-Grow Baby Carrier in Discover ($159), amazon.com
/n