 Round Two! Farrah Storms Off Stage & More ‘Teen Mom OG’ Reunion Show Secrets Exposed.../n
Part one of the Teen Mom OG reunion special was filled with drama when Maci Bookout was accused of exploiting her baby daddy Ryan Edwards’ drug issues, but the scandals don’t end there! Farrah Abraham’s mom is revealing what fans could expect from part two of the special exclusively to RadarOnline.com.
Debra Danielsen told Radar that her daughter walked off stage when questioned by reunion show host Dr. Drew Pinsky about her relationship with on-again, off-again boyfriend Simon Saran.
“She didn’t want to talk about things regarding the relationship,” Danielsen told Radar. “But Dr. Drew pressed her about Simon and her sex life.”
PHOTOS: Farrah Abraham & Beau Simon Safran Spotted Shopping After Adoption Announcement
She added how Dr. Drew “put his cards down and asked what she wanted to talk about.”
Danielsen also claimed that her feud with co-stars Bookout, Catelynn Lowell and Amber Portwood is still going strong, as she “didn’t sit down with the other girls.”
Despite Danielsen’s estrangement from Abraham because her daughter doesn’t approve of her engagement, she claims they had a “nice segment.”
PHOTOS: Farrah Abraham Filming ‘Teen Mom OG’ Despite Quitting After Attacking Producer
“We talked about things we would like to do together in the future,” Danielsen shared.
On part one of the reunion, Edwards’ wife Mackenzie Standifer slammed Bookout for keeping his drug issues from her.
“Maci you told me to my face merely days after I had informed you that Ryan was seeking help that you have known about his problem since November… that was 186 days he could’ve died and still you said nothing,” she read in an open letter to Bookout. “You let everyone know that you feared for his life while concurrently exploiting Ryan’s addiction on the show.”
PHOTOS: It’s War! Farrah Abraham SLAMS ‘Disgusting’ ‘Wacko’ Dr. Drew
Bookout responded by calling her letter “ridiculous.”
“You’re so full of s**t your eyes are brown,” she fired.
Also on the special, Amber Portwood explained how although she is not with Matt Baier, they are still living together. On the season finale, he failed a lie detector test when he was busted sending text messages to another woman.
PHOTOS: Drunken Hookups, Athlete Lovers & Public Sex: Farrah Abraham’s XXX Secrets Exposed
Portwood also revealed that Baier had stolen from $500 to $120,000 from their joint bank account.
Part two of the Teen Mom OG reunion airs Monday at 9/8c on MTV.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n