 Is RHONJ Stars' Feud Over?  Teresa Giudice Throws 12th Birthday Party For Daughter.../n
Have feuding The Real Housewives of New Jersey stars Teresa Giudice  and Melissa Gorga buried the hatchet?
That’s what fans will be wondering after Teresa and husband Joe  threw a 12th birthday party for her daughter Gia on Jan. 11and Melissa showed up with her kids to join the fun at Space Odyssey USA in Englewood, NJ.
PHOTOS:  Teresa Giudice Throws Birthday Party & Melissa Gorga Attends
Birthday girl and professional dancer Gia, who bared her belly in a short pink tank top worn with a white denim vest, white tutu, and white high top sneakers, really cut a rug on her big day.  Looking and acting much older than her 12 years, Gia danced wildly  and shook her long hair for the crowd.
But tongues were wagging most about Melissa’s surprise appearance at the event. As RHONJ viewers know, Teresa and her sister-in-law Melissa’s bitter feud culminated last season with a shouting match at the reunion show.  “We have to put up with your bullsh–t all season long!” Melissa raged at Teresa.
PHOTOS: Real Housewives Show Off Their Hot Bikini Bodies!
The relatives made nice, however, when it came time to celebrate Gia’s birthday. The event was amazingly catfight free as Melissa smiled for the camera with her kids Antonia, Gino, and Joey.
Antonia was seen playing with her cousin, Teresa and Joe’s daughter Milania.  Also on hand were RHONJ star Kim DePaola  and Teresa’s friend Jennifer Dalton,  who is rumored to be joining the cast for season 5.
PHOTOS: Hollywood’s 10 Biggest Feuds
Elvira Grau, the owner of Space Odyssey USA, the entertainment space where the birthday party went down, is also being mentioned as a new Real Housewife.
PHOTOS: Reality TV’s Hottest Stars
RELATED STORIES:
PHOTOS: Take A Peek Inside Teresa Giudice’s Jersey Shore Home
Teresa Giudice’s Emotional Breakdown: I Need Help, Everyone Is Against Me & Ganging Up On Me
It’s Teresa Giudice Vs. The World On Explosive Real Housewives of New Jersey Reunion!
Meow! The Real Housewives of New Jersey Get Catty In Explosive Reunion /n