Gwen Stefani and Michelle Obama Stole the Show at the Obamas’ Last State Dinner/n





                    Gwen Stefani, Gavin Rossdale Are Selling Their $35 Mil. Mansion
                







Farewell, farewell

 MORE >>





Gwen Stefani performed for President Obama’s final state dinner at the White House on Tuesday (Oct. 19, 2016) while Michelle Obama stunned effortlessly in Versace.

Stefani sang a medley of her solo hits to the Obamas’ guests, including Vice President Joe Biden, Frank Ocean, Giorgio Armani, Jerry Seinfeld, and the guests of honor, Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi and his wife Agnese Landini. The performer later welcomed her partner Blake Shelton to the stage to duet on “Go Ahead and Break My Heart.”





CREDIT: Michael Reynolds-Pool/Getty Images


The First Lady was a vision in a custom rose-gold Atelier Versace gown. Donatella Versace said in a statement, “I am humbled and honored to have the opportunity to dress the first lady of the United States Michelle Obama. Thank you, Michelle, for all of the things you have done for America and for the rest of the world, for the women in the United States and the rest of the world.”





CREDIT: Shawn Thew - pool/Getty Images




'Top Chef' Judge Padma Lakshmi Out in New York 








































8 Photos »


Mario Batali was the executive chef of the function in his glorious orange crocs, cooking up sweet potato agnolotti, butternut squash frisée salad, and beef braciola pinwheels. The ingredients for the dishes—including basil, sweet potatoes, and eggplants—were sourced from the White House’s garden.



Prepping presidentially! #wheeeeeestatedinner!!!
A photo posted by Mario Batali (@mariobatali) on Oct 18, 2016 at 6:39am PDT



 
“Twas an unbelievable honor and a pleasure to cook the last state dinner at the White House for my heroes President and Mrs. Obama,” Batali wrote in the caption of the Instagram post below.



‘Twas an unbelievable honor and a pleasure to cook the last state dinner at the Whitehouse for my heroes President and Mrs Obama #wheeeeeestatedinner !!!!!!
A photo posted by Mario Batali (@mariobatali) on Oct 19, 2016 at 5:33am PDT



 
Launch the gallery at the top of the page to view more photos from the state dinner.


	Gwen Stefani and Blake Shelton Perform at the Obamas' State Dinner








































12 Photos »


/n