Golden Globe Nominees Respond With Humility, Hilarity, & Hysterical Glee! See The Best Reactions!/n

These are good as gold!
Monday morning marked a big day in Hollywood as Anna Kendrick, Don Cheadle, and Laura Dern announced the nominees for the 74th Golden Globes.
We've already shown you a few of the big snubs and surprises… but now it's time to celebrate with your favorite celebs!
Related: Celebs React To Their 2017 Grammy Nominations!
A-Listers like Kerry Washington, Hailee Steinfeld, and Gina Rodriguez made sure to thank the Hollywood Foreign Press Association on social media — but we think Ryan Reynolds definitely had the best tweet, hands down.
Although, the Stranger Things boys may have him beat with pure excitement…
Ch-ch-check out the very best Twitter and Instagram reactions to the 2017 Golden Globes nominees (below)!!! 

Thank you, Golden Globes! As we speak, the entire Deadpool team is engaged in a grotesque, early morning tickle-fight. pic.twitter.com/l2LJT32tAi
— Ryan Reynolds (@VancityReynolds) December 12, 2016


CALL ME A GOLDEN GLOBE NOMINEE!!! OH MY GOD. I'm in tears. And on a plane. About to take off. AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!#EdgeOf17
— Hailee Steinfeld (@HaileeSteinfeld) December 12, 2016

Ahhhhh! Amazing! Congratulations to all these talented ladies. 👏🏻👏🏻❤️🤖🍾✌🏻️ https://t.co/RFTOw887M9
— #EvanRachelWould (@evanrachelwood) December 12, 2016

Thank you @HFPA I maybe across the world but in my heart im hugging each one of you. And thank you @JennieUrman for making me your Jane. 😘
— Gina Rodriguez (@HereIsGina) December 12, 2016

Bit of a day, bit of a day, bit of a day! https://t.co/nK9hXMeAYL
— Lin-Manuel Miranda (@Lin_Manuel) December 12, 2016


We must champion brave voices in times of adversity. Thank u @goldenglobes 4 acknowledging #CONFIRMATION in this way! Humbled by the nom 🙏🏾
— kerry washington (@kerrywashington) December 12, 2016


WOW. Once again, you have made my dreams come true, @goldenglobes. I and everyone at #CrazyExGirlfriend are BEYOND grateful!!!
— Rachel Bloom (@Racheldoesstuff) December 12, 2016

¡Qué lunes más espectacular! Ando brincando de la emoción. Neruda, Mozart in the Jungle y su servidor nominados pal #GoldenGlobes ¡ea ea ea!
— Gael Garcia Bernal (@GaelGarciaB) December 12, 2016


I can't even express the love and gratitude I have for the incredible artists of @NBCThisisUs! Congratulations to the entire company! #hfp
— Chrissy Metz (@ChrissyMetz) December 12, 2016





#yeeeeeassssss #bestdramaseries #strangerthings #netflix #GoldenGlobes THANK YOU! Can't wait to be there with the whole gang @finnwolfhardofficial @gatenm123 @milliebobby_brown @therealcalebmclaughlin and we are so happy for #winona #bestactressA video posted by 🌍Noah Schnapp🎥 (@noahschnapp) on Dec 12, 2016 at 6:06am PST






The moment your mom captures you being nominated for your first Golden Globe. Priceless. I still can't breathe. Beyond honored, thankful, and proud. This can't be real!…A photo posted by Lily Collins (@lilyjcollins) on Dec 12, 2016 at 6:09am PST


Even some of our less tech-savvy celebs gave thanks to the HFPA in written statements:
Natalie Portman:

"I'm so honored to be recognized by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association. I had such a beautiful experience making this film with the most wonderful cast and crew, and particularly with our great director, Pablo Larrain, that it feels like icing on the cake to be nominated."
Nicole Kidman:

"This nomination is even more emotional and I'm more grateful than ever before. Thank you to the Hollywood Foreign Press!"
Ruth Negga:

I am profoundly grateful for this recognition… I can't thank the HFPA enough for their support, this is such an honor. I am humbled to be in the company of all of these extraordinary, talented, and powerful women. It has been such a gift to share Mildred and Richard Loving's important story with the world. I share this honor with my partner in the film, Joel Edgerton, our incredible director Jeff Nichols and everyone involved in bringing Loving to life."
Jessica Chastain:

"I'm thrilled to be acknowledged in this talented peer group with such amazing actresses. I would not be here without the brilliant direction of John Madden. Thank you to EuropaCorp for making such a daring film, particularly now, and thank you to the HFPA for this honor."
Octavia Spencer:
"I am deeply humbled to be nominated for a Golden Globe for playing this particular role. The women of Hidden Figures story are hidden no more. Thank you HFPA."
Matt Damon:

"Congratulations to our incredible crew and a deep thank you to Kenny Lonergan and the entire cast who poured their hearts and souls into this, and thank you as well to the HFPA for championing a little movie like ours."
Amy Adams:

"Thank you so much to the Hollywood Foreign Press Association who have always been so incredibly supportive of me throughout my career. I'm really honored to be recognized for Arrival, a film I so deeply loved working on. Thank you to Eric for his brilliant script, Jeremy for being an amazing partner and Denis for his incredible guidance and capturing the true heart and soul of this film. I'd also like to congratulate Tom Ford and Aaron Taylor Johnson for their Nocturnal Animals nominations."
Congrats again, everyone!
Who do U wanna see win when Jimmy Fallon hosts the 74th Golden Globes on Sunday, January 8 at 8 p.m. EST on NBC??
[Image via Euan Cherry/Michael Boardman/WENN.]
/n