 LAPD Brass 'Nervous' About Planned 'Straight Outta Compton' Sequel -- Biggie's Murder.../n
A planned sequel for box office hit, Straight Outta Compton, is already making waves behind the scenes at the LAPD. RadarOnline.com has learned that there are concerns the film will allege cops were somehow responsible for the unsolved murder of Notorious B.I.G., aka, Christopher Wallace.
Straight Outta Compton is a bona fide Hollywood hit, earning over $135 million, and a sequel, which will focus on Snoop Dogg and Tupac Shakur, is already in the works.
An LAPD insider told Radar that some at the department are concerned that Notorious B.I.G.’s murder, which was part of the East Coast/West Coast feud that also got Shakur killed, will be explored in the movie.
PHOTOS: The Most Infamous Cold Case Murders
“The upper brass of the LAPD always gets nervous about any projects related to Notorious because of the belief that former cops, Rafael Perez, David Mack, and Nino Durden, were somehow tied to the murders,” the source said.
Meanwhile, “The LAPD will publicly say that the Wallace investigation is still open, but the department has no active detectives working it, and it’s been assigned a cold case status,” the insider said. “There are cops within the department that want to actively work the case, but aren’t given access to the files.”
Several years after his death, Biggie’s mother, Voletta Wallace, and his widow, Faith Evans, filed a wrongful death lawsuit against the LAPD, former LAPD Officer Rafael Perez and his partner, Officer Nino Durden, alleging that the murder was committed in “in a very efficient, organized and professional manner, suggesting that a high degree of coordination and planning preceded his murder.”
PHOTOS: Bodyguards Gone Wild! Drugs, Murder, Assault & Other Crimes Committed By Hollywood’s Hired Muscle
The lawsuit also claimed that disgraced former Officer Perez, who was the central figure in one of the biggest scandals in the history of the LAPD, admitted to cops that he and former cop David Mack, “conspired to murder, and participated in the murder of Christopher Wallace.”
A law enforcement source previously told Radar, “The LAPD Robbery Homicide unit tasked with investigating Biggie’s murder knows exactly who fired the gun, and which people were involved in the planning.”
But according to the source, “There will never be an arrest made because it would rock the department to the core. There was a cover-up after the murder, which went all the way up the ranks of LAPD. This goes way beyond Mack and Perez.”
PHOTOS: Celebs Involved in Murder
There have been widespread allegations that Suge Knight ordered Wallace’s murder in retaliation for Shakur’s killing just six months earlier in Las Vegas as part of an East Coast – West Coast rap rivalry.
As for Perez, he was sentenced to eight years in prison for stealing $800,000 worth of cocaine from the evidence locker of the LAPD, and allegedly shot and framed a gang member, leaving him paralyzed. He also was reported to have had connections to the Los Angeles gang, the Bloods, and connections to bad boy Knight, former head of Death Row Records.
It was only after he was arrested for stealing six pounds of cocaine from the evidence locker that authorities become aware of the illegal conduct of cops in the Rampart Division, when he named at least 70 cops that had engaged in misconduct in an attempt to get less jail time. More than 106 arrests were vacated because of his revelations.
PHOTOS: The 10 Most Sensational Celebrity Murder Cases
The civil lawsuit was ultimately dismissed, but Wallace’s mother has hinted she might refile if new evidence is uncovered.
The source added, “If the movie helps to finally bring Notorious B.I.G.’s killer(s) to justice, the LAPD should have no problem with it. What do they have to hide?” /n