PHOTOS: Supermodel Spill! Agyness Deyn Falls On Runway /n
Going … going … gone.   Sexy Agyness Deyn took a tumble on a New York catwalk this weekend in some towering heels during Naomi Campbell’s Fashion For Relief Haiti event, and RadarOnline.com has the supermodel’s spill in pictures.
The seasoned model couldn’t get to grips with her killer Burberry footwear and eventually stumbled on to the floor in a fit of laughter.
PHOTOS: Supermodel Agyness Deyn Takes A Spill 
Fashionista Deyn decided to abandon her troublesome heels as she turned around and headed back to the dressing room to hopefully slip into something more comfortable.
HOTOS: Naomi Campbell & Friends do Fashion for Haiti
Ironically, the event was put together by supermodel Naomi Campbell, who famously fell over  on the catwalk during a Vivienne Westwood show in 1993.
PHOTOS: Top Models Dare To Bare All For Love
A couple of hours after the show Deyn Tweeted: ‘1st show of fashion week! Took a tumble! Got up! Fell again. Should have stayed down the 1st time. Twice! WTF! Ouch my knees!’
Campbell had called together her model, designer and celebrity friends for the fundraiser,  but the most poignant moment of the event, held as part of New York Fashion Week, was the finale tribute to fashion designer Alexander McQueen, who died suddenly last week.
Sarah Jessica Parker “Overcome With Grief” At Death Of Alexander McQueen
The last seven outfits in Fashion for Relief were McQueen’s, modeled by Campbell, Helena Christensen and Karen Elson, among others — all wearing impossibly high heels by the designer, including one pair of platforms that didn’t actually have any heels.
Alexander McQueen’s Body Is Removed From His London Home
Campbell said before the show that she’s always nervous before walking the runway, ‘but just doubly nervous’ for the relief show because she had depended on friends to collaborate and wanted everyone to enjoy it.
Other celebrities and models taking part in the fundraiser included Chris Brown, The Duchess Of York, Estelle, Helena Christensen, and Kelly Osbourne. /n