Twitter Is Sent Into A Tizzy Over Chris Pratt & Anna Faris' Separation News/n

People are in mourning over Chris Pratt and Anna Faris' split.
As we previously reported, the Mom starlet and the Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 actor took to social media on Sunday to announce that they're separating. So sad.
Related: Elon Musk Splits From Amber Heard
Since the twosome have always flaunted their love on red carpets and were regularly setting #RelationshipGoals, fans far and wide are taking this news personally. We mean, it feels like close family friends breaking up, right??
Clearly, we aren't the only ones who feel this way as countless stans have taken to Twitter to voice their heartbreak over Mr. and Mrs. Pratt's separation. Be sure to take a peek at the reactions for yourself (below). 

so chris pratt and anna faris split up and help me god if john krasinski and emily blunt break up, i'm killing myself
— emma jean🦋 (@emmaaholmess) August 7, 2017

How to freak out half of America on a Sunday:
1) GOT
2) Chris Pratt and Anna Faris announce separation #WinterIsHere #LoveIsDead
— Cheese Doodle Dad (@MichaelMarcinko) August 7, 2017


Chris Pratt and Anna Faris are getting a divorce and in other news love is dead and there's no hope for any of us.
— Emma Kitty (@EmmaKitt) August 7, 2017


not to be over dramatic but chris pratt and anna faris splitting up is the worst thing to happen to me this decade
— Micah Morris (@micahleigh13) August 7, 2017


"Raise your hand if you have ever been personally victimized by the seperation of Chris Pratt and Anna Faris"
Us: pic.twitter.com/CPLtI5wKGI
— Jay Breeze (@DeLaBreezus) August 7, 2017


I wish Chris Pratt and Anna Faris didn't make us fall in love with them. pic.twitter.com/1ihqEZcpwZ
— Kamrun (@kamrunnesa) August 7, 2017


I'm not saying love is cancelled but if Chris Pratt and Anna Faris can't make it work? Then…… pic.twitter.com/je1E8AMiLp
— Luis Rojas (@MexicanGummy27) August 7, 2017


If you or anyone you know has been affected by Chris Pratt and Anna Faris' divorce, please know you are not alone.
— Robert Rosenberg (@RobMRosenberg) August 7, 2017


Me reading Chris Pratt and Anna Faris's separation news pic.twitter.com/0B50LS0hvi
— Jordyn Volk (@jordynvolk) August 7, 2017


With Chris Pratt and Anna Faris splitting up we need to protect Ryan Reynolds and Blake Lively at all costs
— laura 🌵 (@alohalauraa) August 7, 2017

With regards to Chris Pratt and Anna Faris… Is it too soon…? pic.twitter.com/LiCdzvFukD
— Rosh (@RoshalPatel) August 7, 2017

As always, our thoughts are with the estranged couple during this difficult time.
[Image via WENN.]
/n