Hurricane Sandy: Hollywood Reacts as East Coast Braces for ‘Frankenstorm’/n
Hurricane Sandy is fast approaching the east coast.
On Sunday, New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg ordered a mandatory evacuation of some 375,000 people who reside in coastal areas. The subway system is also scheduled to shut down beginning at 7PM ET.
Millions of people in target zones that include Philadelphia, Washington, Baltimore and Boston are also preparing for the worst.
All weekend long, celebrities in Sandy’s path and elsewhere have been sharing their hurricane-inspired thoughts (some serving as comic relief) on Twitter.

 

celebs tweet about hurricane irene








































15 Photos »



From Jersey Shore star Vinny Guadagnino to Ricky Gervais, here’s what some celebs have had to say:
Josh Groban: hang tight and stay safe east coasters. gonna be a doozy #sandy #whyamiinla
Jerry Seinfeld: Mayor Bloomberg going with zip up neck sweater to fight Sandy. Shows preparedness. Windy: zip it up Storm over: back down #frankenstorm
Vinny Guadagnino: I heard someone say it best: we made it through #9/11 we can make it through anything. #NewYork #SANDY
Rob Lowe: “Oh Sandy, this boardwalk life for me is through.” @springsteen
David Boreanaz: What a mess @Eagles, as the rain falls and Sandy approaches this Team is done.
Dr. Ruth Westheimer: If ur wearing a skirt good time to wear panties in case Sandy blows it. Unless ur a show off.
Ricky Gervais: This “Sandy” who’s on TV all the time and is blowing the entire east coast, I assume she’s a Kardashian, right?
Ice T: Safety Alert: Because of incoming hurricane Sandy. Be advised to stay indoors tonight and watch ‘IceLoveCoco’ at 10pm on ‘E’
Coco: I’m obsessed with Hurricane Sandy..I just LOVE weather!The eye of the storm is coming straight towards me!!So exciting!Am I insane? I’m ready
Kim Kardashian: Back in Miami now. Missed the storm. I’m praying for everyone on the East Coast. I hope everyone is safe!
 

kim kardashian and kanye west attend the 2012 angel ball in nyc








































8 Photos »


Tara Reid: Good luck to everyone that is being affected by hurricane Sandy my prayers go out to all of you and your loved ones! Xoxo
Larry King: Is #Sandy a boy or a girl? #Frakenstorm
Rupert Murdoch: New York, New Jersey shutting down for Sandy. Eerie feeling, but kids getting ready to celebrate no school.
Joe Jonas: Hurricane?
Tamera Mowrey-Houseley: Praying for those hit by the hurricane Sandy
Patton Oswalt: Which newscast is going to be the first to use “Sandy” from the GREASE soundtrack in their hurricane coverage?
Scooter Braun: Can’t take this game anymore. Time to go prepare for this hurricane. Everyone out there be safe
Piers Morgan: Watching @MikeBloomberg on CNN giving live #Sandy update in SPANISH. Wish he’d run for President one day. Such a smart guy.
For the latest on Hurricane Sandy, visit the National Hurricane Center website.
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n