CNN Suspends Roland Martin Over "Offensive" Tweets—Is GLAAD Satisfied? Roland Martin may have meant to joke about sports, but his bosses definitely didn't find his ramblings funny. The CNN contributor has been suspended by the.../n
Roland Martin may have meant to joke about sports, but his bosses definitely didn't find his ramblings funny.The CNN contributor has been suspended by the cable news channel after Roland posted several off-color tweets during the Super Bowl—one of them about David Beckham's H&M undies ad—that critics labeled homophobic.His biggest opponent? Gay-rights powerhouse GLAAD, which pushed hard for CNN to fire the commentator. And, although that's not quite what happened, the group did successfully lobby for CNN to slap Roland with disciplinary sanctions.

MORE: GLAAD Slams CNN Commentator for Controversial Tweet About David Beckham Undies Ad

In a statement, CNN said: "Roland Martin's  tweets were regrettable and offensive. Language that demeans is  inconsistent with the values and culture of our organization, and is not  tolerated. We have been giving careful consideration to this matter,  and Roland will not be appearing on our air for the time being."Martin fired off the controversial tweets during the Super Bowl last Sunday.One  read, "If a dude at your Super Bowl party is hyped about David  Beckham's H&M underwear ad, smack the ish out of him! #superbowl."In  another, he wrote, "Who the hell was that New England Patriot they just  showed in a head to toe pink suit? Oh, he needs a visit from  #teamwhipdatass"

After the tweets generated loads of bad press—and earned GLAAD's ire—Martin tried to backpedal by issuing an apology."Based  on several tweets I made on my Twitter feed on Super Bowl  Sunday  yesterday, I have been accused by members of the LGBT community  of being  supportive of violence against gays and lesbians and  bullying," he  wrote. "That is furthest from the truth, and I sincerely  regret any  offense my words have caused.GLAAD, for one, seems satisfied with  CNN's decision.In a statement,  the group's spokesperson said:  "CNN  today took a strong stand against  anti-LGBT violence and language that  demeans any community. Yesterday,  Martin also spoke out against  anti-LGBT violence. We look forward to  hearing from CNN and Roland  Martin to discuss how we can work together  as allies and achieve our  common goal of reducing anti-LGBT violence as  well as the language that  contributes to it.
/n