binge—but also a load of bunk, according to Team Hasselhoff. "David is totally fine. These stories are complete fabrications," the actor's attorney, Melvin Goldsman, exclusively tells E! News. "He wasn't feeling well.../n
Don't believe the Hoff hype.This weekend, the Baywatching, Knight Riding world was holding its collective breath for word on how its hero David Hasselhoff was faring after a report claimed he had been hospitalized for alcohol poisoning.As relayed by RadarOnline.com, the America's Got Talent judge was supposedly found unconscious and "barely breathing" Saturday in his Encino, Cailf., home by his 16-year old daughter, Hayley. That required ex-wife Pamela Bach to rush him to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center.Scary stuff to be sure—especially considering he nearly died of alcohol poisoing after a 2002 binge—but also a load of bunk, according to Team Hasselhoff."David is totally fine. These stories are complete fabrications," the actor's attorney, Melvin Goldsman, exclusively tells E! News. "He wasn't feeling well, he went into the hospital, and was released. I talked to him early Sunday morning and he was completely fine."While a source close to the TV fixture acknowledges Hasselhoff "probably had a drink" before his trip to the emergency room, Goldsman and fellow attorney Marci Levine have issued a separate follow-up statement insisting the actor "was at no time in the condition described" by Radar.

"Mr. Hasselhoff is both disturbed and saddened by the fact that a certain individual is disseminating grossly inaccurate stories about him to the press for ulterior motives," the lawyers' statement continues.While they are not naming names, it's easy to hazard a guess that a certain ex-wife might be in their crosshairs.After all, Bach's spokesman hints to E! News that Hasselhoff is still battling his well-documented demons, which include hospital  treatment after a 2007 relapse and public humiliation following his notorious videotaped meltdown."Despite their ongoing legal issues, Pamela remains supportive and loyal while her ex-husband addresses his alcohol-related issues. She is grateful for the overwhelming support received by the Hasselhoff family and requests privacy during this difficult time."Bach and Hasselhoff fought through a nasty divorce and custody battle that saw them accuse each other of having alcohol-abuse issues.(Originally published May 4, 2009, at 11:55 a.m. PT)
/n