Kelly Osbourne Slams Fellow Lyme Disease Sufferers Yolanda Hadid, Avril Lavigne/n
Kelly Osbourne is coming clean about her long, painful battle with stage 3 neurological Lyme disease, and her frustration with other stars claiming to suffer from the “trendy” disease.
In an excerpt of the former Fashion Police host’s upcoming book There Is No F***ing Secret obtained by Us Weekly, the 32-year-old daughter of Sharon and Ozzy Osbourne slams celebrities who “play the victim” — almost certainly referring to very vocal sufferers Yolanda Hadid and Avril Lavigne.
“I’ve kept quiet about my Lyme disease…because it seems like the trendy disease to have right now, and I’m tired of seeing sad celebrities play the victim on the cover of weekly mags,” she writes, adding that she also knows how to spot the fakers.
PHOTOS: Reality TV War! Inside The ‘Decade-Long’ Kardashian & Osbourne Family Feud — 8 Photos Reveal Secret Battle
“Since I know firsthand how awfully debilitating it is, I know who really has it and who is just trying to prolong their 15 minutes. I don’t understand how anyone could think that the life you have to live with Lyme disease is glamorous.”
While former Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Hadid, 53, is releasing a memoir in September all about her battle with the disease , Osbourne’s onetime friend Lavigne, 32, claimed she felt like she was dying in a People cover feature in 2015.
According to reports, Osbourne and Lavigne had a falling out in 2004 after years of close friendship. (They attended the MTV Video Music Awards together in 2003.)
PHOTOS: Staying Strong! Yolanda Foster’s Battle Against Lyme Disease — The Real Housewives Star’s Fight Explained In 12 Clicks
Now, Osbourne says she’s on the mend thanks to alternative medicine practitioner Philip Battiade, who treated her at his facility in Germany for two weeks.
“I was experiencing emotions and feelings again,” she says of the experience. “I’d been in a diseased and doctor-approved drug-induced haze for so long that I didn’t know what it was like to be happy or sad or in pain.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n