 Chelsea’s Hell! Adam Lind Brags About Doing ‘Hard Drugs’ In Secret Social Media.../n
Chelsea Houska’s baby daddy Adam Lind has tested positive for drugs and has made racist comments in the past, but his behavior is worse than anyone knows! Court papers exclusively obtained by RadarOnline.com reveal secret social media posts that expose his bad dad behavior.
In court papers obtained from Circuit Court of Minnehaha County, Lind’s second baby mama Taylor Halbur asks the court to immediately suspend his parenting time with their daughter Paislee.
READ THE SHOCKING SOCIAL MEDIA POSTS!
Halbur included evidence of his behavior in her January 2017 filing. She provided the court with a series of drug and alcohol-related comments made by Lind on his private social media pages.
“When that hit of cocaine starts to kick in,” one meme shared by Lind read.
Lind then wrote in a Facebook status, “Late nights and drinking at the shop.”
In March 2017 court documents filed by Halbur, Lind posted a photo of a friend in the shop with a bottle of Jack Daniels.
PHOTOS: Chelsea Houska’s Ex Adam Lind Hasn’t Been Spotted With Daughter In Over A Month
“We will be for too drunk this weekend for all that noise,” he commented on Facebook. “Bon fire my place I got baby girl so gunna be nice chill night close friends and cold beer.”
He added, “Gimme a few beers and let’s go downtown bar hopin.”
In another post he wrote, “Well by the amount of dope I do I’ll be up for 3 days. My vision is getting weak from old age… and I got the shakes from withdrawals from all hard drugs I do… so sorry.”
Halbur then provided examples of Lind’s racist and homophobic slurs.
PHOTOS:‘Teen Mom’ Drug Scandal! Chelsea Houska’s Ex Adam Lind Taking Steroids, Claims Source
“I was skinny and fat? You stupid n****r all you’re gonna do is run your mouth… you won’t show… stay behind your phone where you’re safe,” he wrote, adding in another post, “Any u f*gs wana swing over to my garage tonight?”
Lind’s friend then posted a meme of them together with the caption, “Did somebody call for a rape? Don’t mind if I do.”
Lind tested positive for meth during a routine drug test as part of his custody battle with Halbur in 2017. Court papers reveal he had a “substantial” amount in his system “just over 24 hours before he was to have the parties’ minor child.”
In a December 2014 filing, Halbur claimed Lind is a “dangerous person.”
PHOTOS: The 15 Biggest Secrets & Scandals About ‘Teen Mom 2’ Baby Daddy From Hell Adam Lind
“Upon information and belief, when we were dating and lived together, he killed two of my puppies,” the filing read. “There was also another relationship that he was in, where he may have killed that person’s dog. If you hurt a dog, you will hurt a child!”
What do you think of the social media posts? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n