Comeback Fail: Inside Billy Bush's Sad Attempt To Return To TV/n
Sorry Billy Bush, your time in the spotlight may have officially ended!
According to Page Six, the disgraced former TODAY show host tried to jumpstart his stalled career last month, appearing on Good Morning America and the cover of the Hollywood Reporter to address his now infamous Donald Trump tape scandal.
“He thought he was going to be welcomed back by the world after the TV segment [with Robin Roberts],” a source told the magazine. “And the only thing you learned from the article and TV piece is that Billy wants to be on TV. He felt that taking seven or eight months off, he’d slip his way back in, get some press and people would be beating down his door, and no one did.”
PHOTOS: In The Doghouse! Billy Bush & Wife Caught On Miserable Date Night
“He wants to be a Ryan Seacrest type,” another insider dished of Bush’s career pursuits.
As Radar readers know, Bush was fired from the TODAY show following the release of an audio recording, in which Bush and Trump were heard making lewd remarks about women.
The TV personality was previously hoping to make a comeback on Dancing With The Stars, but he wasn’t cast.
On GMA with Robin Roberts, the 45-year-old revealed what happened when he went home to face his wife, Sydney Davis, and daughters Josie, Mary and Lillie, after the scandal broke.
PHOTOS: Sorry, Not Sorry? Billy Bush STILL Hasn’t Apologized To Nancy O’Dell
“The initial moments were total chaos,” Bush told Roberts. “The paparazzi were never interested in me before, and now they’re outside the gate and ready to go. But once we settled and got to connect, there was a powerful moment — my now 16-year-old daughter [Mary] called me and she was in tears. She was really upset.”
Meanwhile, a source close to Bush told Page Six of the star’s rumored comeback fail: “This is absolutely not true. In fact, he has already fielded numerous interest and offers, [the] most recent being a fully cleared syndicated major show hitting this fall, which he has turned down. He is taking his time and making sure the next move is the right one.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n