ELLE Celebrates Women in TV with Taraji P. Henson, Priyanka Chopra, Julia Louis-Dreyfus and More/n





                    Taraji P. Henson Explains What She Loves About Cookie
                







We can't imagine anyone other than Taraji P. Henson in Empire

 MORE >>





ELLE’s February 2016 issue, “Women in TV,” is bound to be our favorite cover series yet.

Five of TV’s sexiest, smartest and most important stars are featured on this month’s covers, and the magazine’s 6th annual celebration of the must-see women on television: Empire’s Taraji P. Henson, Veep’s Julia Louis-Dreyfus, Quantico’s Priyanka Chopra, How to Get Away with Murder’s Viola Davis, and Vinyl’s Olivia Wilde.


ELLE's 6th Annual Women in Television Issue	








































10 Photos »


Henson recently won the Golden Globe for Best Actress – Television Series Drama for her phenomenal role as Cookie Lyons on Empire, while Indian actress Chopra (who was also the winner of the Miss World pageant of 2000) is the first South Asian to headline an American network drama series with her starring role as FBI recruit Alex Parrish on Quantico. 



Thank you so much @elleusa such a fun shoot and what August company! Love love love!
A photo posted by Priyanka Chopra (@priyankachopra) on Jan 12, 2016 at 8:19am PST



Meanwhile, Dreyfus was recently beat out at the Golden Globes for Best Actress – Television Series Musical or Comedy, an award she’s won once for her role on Seinfeld in 1994, by former Youtuber and newcomer Rachel Bloom. She has won the Emmy for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series four year in a row, however. Davis won her first Emmy last year for her role as Annalise Keating on ABC’s HTGAWM, becoming the first African American woman, as well as the first black woman of any nationality, to win the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Drama Series.
Lastly, Wilde’s new show Vinyl, in which she plays the wife of a record executive, is scheduled to premiere on HBO on February 14, 2016.
Launch the gallery above to read what the leading women of television have to say about life off-screen, TV, love and more.


2016 Golden Globes: Olivia Wilde and Jason Sudeikis Are the Hottest Couple of the Night	








































12 Photos »


And don’t miss out on behind-the-scenes moments from the shoot: follow the hashtag #ELLEWITV on Twitter and Instagram on January 20th when ELLE Editor-in-Chief Robbie Myers hosts an intimate dinner to celebrate the cover stars and all the groundbreaking women in TV featured in the issue. In addition, the official “Women in TV” celebration, presented by Hearts on Fire Diamonds and Olay, will take place in Los Angeles.
ELLE’s February “Women in TV” issue will be on select newsstands January 13 and nationwide on January 19.
[ELLE]


2016 Golden Globes: Taraji P Henson in Alexander Wang	








































13 Photos »


Photo Credits:
Priyanka Chopra: Cedric Buchet
Taraji P. Henson: Dan Martensen
Julia Louis-Dreyfus: David Bellemere
Olivia Wilde: David Bellemere
Viola Davis: David Bellemere


Priyanka Chopra Snaps Photos with 'Quantico' Fans	








































9 Photos »


/n