Pay Up! Bombshell Ruling In Amber Portwood's House Of Horrors Lawsuit Revealed/n
Amber Portwood and her ex-fiancé Matt Baier were sued in January for trashing their home and failing to pay rent. Now, RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal the outcome of the court battle!
On January 11, property management company Zuluscape sued Portwood and her then-fiancé for $6,015.74, claiming the landlord was forced to paint the whole house using a deodorizer and replace the carpet because of the pet smell.
READ THE COURT DOCS!
Other damages to the home include dry wall damage repair, vertical blind replacement, removal and dump of contents left behind, weed, mulch, brush removal, gutter cleaning, fence repair, and more.
The landlord also claimed at the time that they owed $1,648.24 in unpaid rent.
In court documents obtained by Warren Township of Marion County, the lawsuit against Portwood and Baier has been dismissed.
PHOTOS: ‘Teen Mom’ Amber Portwood Reveals Her New Home
“Come now the parties, Zuluscape, by counsel and Amber Portwood and Matt Baier, by counsel, and having stipulated to the dismissal of this action with prejudice, and the court being duly advised hereby grants said motion and order this action be dismissed with prejudice as to all claims with costs paid,” the court papers filed July 13, 2017 read.
Zuluscape was forced to pay $114 in court costs and filing fees.
Portwood, 26, is finally having good luck after her nasty split from ex Baier.
PHOTOS: ‘Teen Mom’ Star Amber Portwood Flashes Engagement Ring While Out With Fiancé In NYC
Their relationship drama started when Baier failed a lie detector test after he was accused of texting another woman.
Although they tried to work through their issues on Marriage Bootcamp: Reality Stars, Portwood revealed over Twitter that she dumped him.
When he tweeted, “Here’s to a long weekend! What are everyone’s plans for #FourthOfJuly weekend?” she fired, “Long weekend of getting dumped!”
PHOTOS: No More Feuding! ‘Teen Mom’ Amber Portwood & Fiance Matt Baier Visit Her Ex Gary Shirley’s New Baby, Bring Gifts
‘She then told him to “lawyer up,” since he owes her “a little bit of change.”
She ended the rampage with, “Been two days at @MattEPT is already posting videos on Instagram of him at someone’s house with 50 bottles of liquor everywhere… it’s on.”
He then flew to Las Vegas to compete in the World Series of Poker.
Does the outcome surprise you? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n