Sexiest DWTS Ever?? Jana Kramer Can't Keep Her Hands To Herself In Soaking Wet Selena Gomez-Inspired Dance — Watch!/n

As each week passes, we get closer and closer to the Dancing With The Stars finale which means two things: the stars have to bring it harder, and we had to say goodbye to another couple last night!
On Monday night, the celebs heated the dance floor up with their Salsa and Cha Cha routines for DWTS' Latin Night as Pitbull joined the judges as a guest — and boy was it HOT!
Video: Keke Palmer Tries To Teach Conan O'Brien How To Shake That Ass!
We're used to Laurie Hernandez and Valentin Chmerkovskiy generally turning in SPECTACULAR performances, but this week, the BEST — and sexiest — went to Jana Kramer and Gleb Savchenko! Though it sure didn't hurt that the couple danced to Selena Gomez's Hands To Myself! LOLz!
Of course, the rest of the pack did pretty well too including Calvin Johnson Jr. and Lindsay Arnold, and even Ryan Lochte and Cheryl Burke did okay!
Unfortunately, Amber Rose and Maksim Chmerkovskiy had a bit of an off night and were sent packing! Oh no! But the gracious pair had nothing but great words for each other afterwards!
Ch-ch-check out all the incredible the DWTS highlights (below) as well as Amber and Maksim's adorable messages: 
Jana and Gleb Tango to Hands to Myself by Selena Gomez- (40/40)

Laurie & Val's do the Salsa to Light It Up (Remix) by Major Lazer - (37/40):

Calvin and Lindsay's Tango to The Eagles' Hotel California - (37/40):

Ryan & Cheryl's Salsa to La Negra Tiene Tumbao by Celia Cruz - (30/40):

Amber & Maks' Cha Cha to Bla Bla Bla Cha Cha Cha by Petty Booka - (27/40):

Though Rose caused a bit of controversy earlier this season when she misinterpreted Julianne Hough's criticism, she had nothing but praise for the show after she got the axe as she told ET:

"I'm sad, but I feel like I came really far. I fell in love with everyone here. Everyone's just amazing. The person who's going to win, deserves to win, whoever that is."




Although our time was cut short @maksimc I'm so happy I had the chance to experience this with you! You truly are my brother for life! Who knew we would become so close in such a short amount of time? 💕 Thank you for not giving up on me and getting to know the real me with no judgment I'll love you forever for that reason and I'll always have ur back through whatever. I'll miss our stressed out rehearsals more then anything tho 😂 Love AmberonyA photo posted by Amber Rose (@amberrose) on Oct 17, 2016 at 9:53pm PDT


Video: KUWTK Is Coming Right Back! See The Mid-Season Teaser!
Not long after, Maks took to the picture-sharing site himself to share the same snap, as he wrote:

"My dearest Amberony!
Thank you for some of the best weeks of my @dancingabc career! You've not let me down and only made me more and more proud each week. You've become a friend and an older sister (although you're younger….you know what I mean :)), and this is definitely just the beginning of 'Amber and Maks'. This experience got cut short and I wish we would have just a few more weeks, but it happened exactly as it were meant to and I have absolutely no regrets.
The world has yet to see what you can really do and I can't wait to be in your corner when it does…. Love,
Me"
Awww!
We sure will miss the dancing duo, but we can't wait for bigger and better performances next week!
Don't forget to catch Dancing With the Stars when it on Mondays at 8 p.m. EST on ABC!
/n