Cheryl Burke RIPS Abby Lee Miller For 'Traumatizing' & 'Intimidating' Students/n
Abby Lee Miller is only weeks away from reporting to prison for one year and one day, but her lengthy sentence isn’t stopping her enemies from slamming her! Miller’s Dance Moms replacement Cheryl Burke ripped her in an upcoming interview.
In a sneak peek of Steve Harvey, Burke revealed how her teaching approach differs from Miller’s harsh style.
“I don’t scream or yell, I don’t believe in that,” Burke said in the preview clip. “Don’t get me wrong, I am strict and stern and I expect the best out of my students. But I do it in a way that’s loving and caring. I try not to intimidate them or traumatize the kids.”
PHOTOS: Bankruptcies, Fraud & Unpaid Bills! ‘Dance Moms’ Biggest Financial Scandals Revealed
The former Dancing With the Stars pro explained how she could tell the students and mothers were negatively affected by Miller’s brutal critiques.
“They were pretty traumatized by their experience,” she said. “I want their last memory of Dance Moms to be a great one and a positive experience. I can change their memory a little bit.”
While Miller slammed production, claiming that they did not give her creative credit for her dances and even calling one producer “satan,” Burke explained how her experience with the crew has been pleasant.
PHOTOS: Dangerous Driver! ‘Dance Moms’ Star Kira Girard Busted For Unsafe Traffic Violations
“They’ve all been amazing,” she said on the episode, which airs Tuesday, June 6. “They all work so hard. I have not seen that side of production. They have been nothing but a pleasure to work with.”
Miller, 50, quit the series after seven seasons in March.
“I will no longer take part in Dance Moms,” Miller captioned an Instagram photo of her winning team. “For the past six years/seven seasons I have asked, begged and even demanded creative credit for all the ideas, award winning routines, themes and costuming – To no avail!”
PHOTOS: Prosecutor Rips Into ‘Dance Moms’ Star Abby Lee Miller During First Hearing
She added, “I don’t have a problem working with any kid, I love children and have dedicated my life to making other people’s children successful. I just have a problem with being manipulated, disrespected and used day in and day out by men who never took a dance lesson in their lives and treat women like dirt!”
In June 2016, Miller pled guilty to not reporting an international monetary transaction and one count of concealing bankruptcy assets.
The ALDC owner was sentenced to one year and one day in prison. The incarceration will be followed by two years of supervised release.
Are you surprised Burke is slamming Miller? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n