 A Lasting Legacy: Robin Williams Secretly Helped Countless Homeless People Find Work Over.../n
One week after Robin Williams’ sudden death, the full impact of his passing is still being felt by those who he touched over the years. Among them, RadarOnline.com has learned, are the countless homeless people Williams helped to find work through a quiet, under-the-radar project aimed at giving back. Only Radar has all the details of Williams’ lasting legacy of helping those who were less fortunate.
Williams testified before Congress in the early 90’s about homelessness, and he wasn’t just another celebrity putting his name on a cause.
In fact, Radar has learned, every time Williams was booked for an event, he required the company that hired him to also hire homeless people to fill smaller on-site positions. Brian Lord, who attempted to book the popular actor for Premiere Speaker’s Bureau, opened up about the unique booking requirement in a blog posted after Williams’ tragic suicide last week.
PHOTOS: It’s Throwback Time: See Robin Williams’ Childhood Photos
“Years ago I learned a very cool thing about Robin Williams, and I couldn’t watch a movie of his afterward without thinking of it,” Lord wrote. “I never actually booked Robin Williams for an event, but I came close enough that his office sent over his rider. For those outside of the entertainment industry, a rider lists out an artist’s specific personal and technical needs for hosting them for an event- anything from bottled water and their green room to sound and lighting requirements. You can learn a lot about a person from their rider. This is where rock bands list their requirement for green M&Ms (which is actually a surprisingly smart thing to do).”
“When I got Robin Williams’ rider, I was very surprised by what I found,” he continued. “He actually had a requirement that for every single event or film he did, the company hiring him also had to hire a certain number of homeless people and put them to work. I never watched a Robin Williams movie the same way after that. I’m sure that on his own time and with his own money, he was working with these people in need, but he’d also decided to use his clout as an entertainer to make sure that production companies and event planners also learned the value of giving people a chance to work their way back. I wonder how many production companies continued the practice into their next non-Robin Williams project, as well as how many people got a chance at a job and the pride of earning an income, even temporarily, from his actions. He was a great multiplier of his impact. Let’s hope that impact lives on without him. Thanks, Robin Williams- not just for laughs, but also for a cool example.”
PHOTOS: The Woman Who Discovered Robin Williams’ Body REVEALED — PHOTOS Of Longtime Assistant & Close Friend Rebecca Erwin Spencer, Who Came Upon The Shocking Death Scene
Premiere Speaker’s Bureau books celebrities to speak for high profile company corporate events. Lord told Radar exclusively, “This took place about eight years ago. We were unable to book Robin for our client, because he was just so busy. It didn’t work out, but I never forgot what an amazing thing to do for homeless people. There was no publicity surrounding it, and it wasn’t widely known. Who knows how many lives he changed by doing that. He was really trying to help people out that were down on their luck.”
Just days after the 63-year-old was discovered dead from hanging by his longtime assistant at home in Tiburon, Calif., his wife Susan Schneider announced her husband was secretly suffering from the early stages of the progressive neurological disorder, Parkinson’s Disease.
Funeral plans are being planned for a private service for Williams.
If anyone you know, is struggling with thoughts of suicide, please immediately seek help. You can speak with a skilled, trained counselor at a national Suicide Prevention Lifeline crisis center in your area, anytime 24/7 — call 1-800-273-TALK (8255).
FULL COVERAGE:
Shocking Theory: Robin Williams’ Pal Rob Schneider Believes Parkinson’s Disease Medication Could Have Led Star To Suicide
4 Latest Developments In Robin Williams Death: Michael J. Fox Reacts To Parkinson’s Revelation, Gaming Community Moves For Multiple Tributes To Late Actor
Robin Williams’ Haunting Final Photos: Tragic Comedian Was Snapped Looking Somber, Gaunt In San Francisco-Area Gallery Two Days Before Death
Shattered Dream: Robin Williams & Wife Had Hoped To Have Kids Together Before His Suicide, Says Source
Robin Williams Was In The ‘Early Stages’ Of Parkinson’s Disease, Wife Reveals
It Wasn’t A Relapse: Robin Williams Told Wife He ‘Had Nothing To Live For’ Before Suicide — Summer Rehab Stay Was For ‘Deep Depression,’ Claims Source
Robin Williams’ Life Was Scarred By Drugs And Booze—Star Was Haunted By Pal John Belushi’s ‘Speedball’ Overdose
5 Latest Developments In Robin Williams Death: Star ‘Insisted’ On Boozing During Filming Of CBS Show, Dreaded Emotional Investment In Movies
It’s Throwback Time: See Robin Williams’ Childhood Photos
‘The Final Fight Is Over’ — Husband Of The Assistant Who Found Robin Williams’ Body Speaks Out About His ‘Heartbreaking’ Last Days
Robin Williams Was Sleeping Up To 18 Hours A Day — Inside His Dark Depression 
5 Latest Developments In Robin Williams Death: Kids Break Silence, Daughter Deals With Bully Trolls, While Late Night Kings Pays Homage
A Lasting Legacy: Robin Williams Made Plans To Leave His Fortune To His Kids In The Years Before He Died — Inside The Secret Trusts
The Woman Who Discovered Robin Williams’ Body REVEALED — Longtime Assistant & Close Friend Rebecca Erwin Spencer Came Upon The Shocking Death Scene
Commercial Co-Star Fondly Remembers Robin Williams — ‘He Was Very Kind-Hearted & An Incredible Soul’
YouTube Top Ten: Robin Williams’ Most Viewed Clips Will Give Fans A Much-Needed Laugh
Christopher Reeve ‘Wanted To Die’ Until Robin Williams Lifted His Spirits — A Look At Their Extraordinary Friendship
Robin Williams Found With Superficial Cuts On His Wrists & Belt Around His Neck — Sheriff Reveals How Robin Williams Killed Himself
Death Of Robin’s Older Brother Was A Low Point For Williams — Took His Life 7 Years Later, Almost To The Day
Robin Williams’ Hollywood Peers Remember The Late, Great Star Of Film & TV
Tortured Robin Williams Photographed At AA Meeting
Robin Williams Death ‘Apparent Suicide Attempt By Hanging:’ Dispatcher; Actor Didn’t Leave A Note

Robin Williams Death: Daughter’s Tribute, Hoffman Connection & More
Robin Williams Had ‘Serious Money Troubles’ In Months Before His Death, Claims Friend — Was The Pressure Too Much?
A Father’s Love: Robin Williams’ Tragic Last Words To His Beloved Daughter Zelda Williams Revealed
Inside The Waterfront Home Where Robin Williams Tragically Died
In Memoriam: Robin Williams’ Career Was Pure Magic – He Was A Genie After All
Robin Williams Was Gaunt, Subdued, In Haunting Last Image Taken During Summer Rehab Stay — SEE The Disturbing Photo
Coroner Suspects Robin Williams Death ‘To Be A Suicide Due To Asphyxia’ — Read The Police Report /n