'Whining Baby' Jimmy Kimmel Reads Mean Tweets from Trump Supporters
/n

So it’s not an official rendition of Jimmy Kimmel‘s popular Mean Tweets celebrity segment, but the late-night personality did spend some time on Wednesday’s Jimmy Kimmel Live! to read some feedback from Trump supporters on social media, one day after he called those same people out for backing the president.
“I really think I made a breakthrough,” he said of his address to Trump supporters, “and I base that on all the thoughtful responses I got on Twitter and Facebook from people like Thomas, who wrote, ‘Why don’t you go somewhere else like a different country if you don’t like our president and stop you’re crying on tv snowflake.’ ”
Another called him a “whining baby,” though Kimmel laughed off the one that used the wrong turn of phrase, writing he had “mind numbing retardation down pact.” Then Kimmel turned to “a lot of terrific people” on Facebook, where the comments involved slings like “demented little kid at a social gathering,” “the worst talk show host,” “most stupid person,” and “a racist promoting racism.” (Those last three were from a single commenter.)
However, Kimmel did agree with one Trump supporter who wrote, “If Jimmy Kimmel heard a firecracker as he was walking by himself anywhere, he would wear his pants like the little coward he is.”
“He’s right, I would wear my pants,” Kimmel said. “Whenever I go out I wear them, unless I’m in the pool, then I wear shorts — or at the beach.”
Watch Kimmel in the clip above.
RELATED VIDEO: Watch: Natasha Stoynoff Breaks Silence, Accuses Donald Trump of Sexual Attack

Speaking on Tuesday, Kimmel addressed Trump supporters who “don’t want to admit that these smug, annoying liberals were right” about the president and his failings. “It’s the last thing you want to do. But the truth is — and deep down inside you know you made a mistake, you know this is true – you made a mistake. You picked the wrong guy.”
This article originally appeared on Ew.com
/n