‘Game of Thrones’: Season 7 Sneak Peek, Blooper Reel and Predictions on Who’s Getting the Iron Throne/n





                    HBO Confirms New Shortened Season 7 for ‘Game of Thrones’ 
                







Winter is here and that means the show's seasons are getting shorter

 MORE >>





What’s San Diego Comic-Con nowadays without some juicy Game of Thrones tidbits.
Select members of the cast showed up for a fun-filled panel on Friday, divulging nothing concrete about what’s to come in Season 7, but making some predictions on who will be sitting on the Iron Throne when it’s all done. Click on the gallery above for the panel pics!
Here are some of the cast’s thoughts (courtesy of EW):
Liam Cunningham (Ser Davos): “The only hint we have of this is George R.R. Martin said the ending will be ‘bittersweet’ and that doesn’t give too much away. Knowing the deranged minds we’re dealing with on this show… I have an image of a White Walker siting on the Iron Throne… The Night King with a leg over an arm smoking a cigar.”
John Bradley-West (Samwell Tarly): “It’s hard… what if I’m right, someone flashes back to this, and JB spoils it all? Just out of pure loyalty, I’d say… Jon. Just because that means I may be there until the end.”
Nathalie Emmanuel (Missandei): “I have a similar motive in that I have to say Daenerys for the loyalty thing, she’s a good girl, she can be very ferocious but she generally wants to care for people… but at the same time I’m also excited for the Starks to come together so who knows?”
Conleth Hill (Lord Varys): “I know, but I can’t say.”
Sophie Turner (Sansa Stark): “I think I’d want Littlefinger on the throne [crowd boos]. I just think it’d be fun, it’d be quirky, sadistic. We like that kind of thing. Come on we all watch Game of Thrones.” Turner also said she didn’t think Jon Snow “has the intellect, the knowledge or the experience that [Sansa] has” to rule Winterfell and the North. A little sibling rivalry, perhaps?
Iwan Rheon (Ramsay Bolton): “I would melt the thing down and have a democracy.” [Crowd cheers]
Faye Marsay (Waif): “Probably Arya, because if I don’t say Maisie Williams, she’d probably beat me up with a stick.”
Isaac Hempstead Wright (Bran Stark): “I think we should have a four pronged Stark dream team…. With Bran just sitting in the corner with a tree.”
Kristian Nairn (Hodor): “I think the Throne’s probably not going to be important by the end of the show, I think there will be a huge battle between the Night King and Daenerys… I think Westeros deserves someone with honor and integrity so I think Brienne (actress Gwendoline Christie) would be good.” [crowd cheers, people stand]
The GoT panel also showed a Season 7 production sneak peek. Although it’s been announced the new season won’t return until summer 2017 and it will be a short one (7 episodes only), this still gets us excited.





Finally (and quite frankly, the best part), a Season 6 blooper reel was released… of course, Peter Dinklage is featured prominently.





/n