Here Are All of James Franco’s Favorite Scary Movies Just in Time for Halloween/n





                    Halloween Movies You Can Stream Online Right Now
                







What to watch this Halloween. 

 MORE >>





James Franco knows his movies. So for this Halloween, he’s compiled of list of some of his favorite horror flicks for those who just want to stay at home and Netflix and chill.

In his latest column with Indiewire, the actor talks to his alter ego, “Semaj,” about their favorite scary films. From old classics to indies you may have never heard of, here are his faves when it comes to scares on the silver screen.
The Greasy Strangler (2016)
That movie is sick! I mean, bad! I mean bad as in Michael Jackson “Bad” Meaning awesome!
The Babadook (2014)
The kid was incredible, and the idea of the mom as a monster . . . nothing scarier.
The Conjuring 2 (2016)
I find those Conjuring films to be more fun than anything. The camerawork is awesome.
Jesus Camp (2006) and Hell House (2009)
I’d say the documentaries Jesus Camp and Hell House are as scary as anything. Child indoctrination and religious-based hate in the form of a haunted house . . . wow.
It Follows (2015)
That one’s just amazing — a great new premise for the horror genre that has sex as the underlying dynamic of a teenage centered haunting/possession film.


Stars Attend Kate Hudson's Halloween Bash








































14 Photos »


A Girl Walks Home Alone at Night (2014)
Boom — the vampire genre gets turned on its head! It’s Iranian — although shot in Los Angeles — and black and white. And it features a subtle, female, skateboarding vampire who listens to Lionel Richie? What else could you ask for?
The Witch (2016)
That shit was the most historically accurate horror film ever made!
A Nightmare On Elm Street (1984)
Boom — a young Johnny Depp in a crop-top gets sucked into a bed and killed.
Friday the 13th (1980)
A crazy mom in the woods killing all the sexualized young people showing their boobs and trying to get it on.
The Lost Boys (1987)
Love that film: the sexy saxophone player with the greased-up torso and ponytail; young Kiefer Sutherland as the bleached hair leader of the bloodsuckers, who are part punk, part motorcycle gang, part cult; and the introduction of the Coreys! Corey Haim and Corey Feldman — what a phenomenon!


Kylie Jenner and Kourtney Kardashian Had the Best Halloween Costumes








































8 Photos »


Jaws (1975) and Alien (1979)
They’re not exactly horror films because they have settings that are unusual for horror — space and the beach — but I think Jaws and Alien are horror films in disguise.
Halloween (1978)
Michael Meyers is as cold of a killer as you can get. And Jamie Lee Curtis acts her young heart out.
The Shining (1980)
Of course, a masterpiece. That’s the one film where I finally understood why some directors do a million takes. The camera operator explained that when [Stanley] Kubrick had the actors do 40-plus takes, for the first 10 takes they would be preforming the way they had intended to, and on the next 10 takes they would loosen up because they weren’t thinking about it as much. After that, they would begin to get tired and do it with less energy, a kind of carefree approach, and then finally they would lose their bearings and just do it over the top. So, by doing it that way Kubrick always had a variety of options: the more grounded version, the detached version, and the over-the-top version – which they probably used quite a bit, especially in [Jack] Nicholson’s scenes.
The Texas Chainsaw Massacre (1974)
It’s so wild, crazy, and brutal. The images are incredible.


Celebrity Costumes for Halloween 2016








































87 Photos »


/n