WATCH: Kathy Griffin Breaks Down as She Addresses Bloody Trump Photo/n





                    Kathy Griffin Apologizes for Bloody Donald Trump Photo
                







She's sorry. 

 MORE >>










                    Kathy Griffin Recalls 'Creepy' Encounter with Woody Allen
                







Ew. 

 MORE >>





Kathy Griffin’s spirits were absolutely crushed when spoke about President Donald Trump.

During a press conference on Friday (June 2, 2017), the comedienne burst into tears when addressing the backlash she received for posing in a photo featuring a mock of the Commander-in-Chief’s severed head.
“I don’t think I will have a career after this,” she said. “I’m going to be honest. He broke me. He broke me. And then I was like, ‘No, this is not right.’ And I apologized because that was the right thing to do and I meant it.”
Admitting she never meant to hurt anyone with the graphic image, which was shot by famed photographer Tyler Shields, Griffin claimed Trump’s team took advantage of the opportunity to “bully” her. She said she realized what the POTUS was trying to do when he brought up 11-year-old son Barron, who Trump alleged was traumatized by the bloody shot.

Kathy Griffin gets emotional over fallout from photo: “I don’t think I will have a career after this. I’m going to be honest, he broke me.” pic.twitter.com/upzPbAJHFD
— ABC News (@ABC) June 2, 2017

“And then I saw the tide turning and I saw what they were doing,” she shared, explaining their was a mob mentality behind her smear campaign. “It was never my intent. I would never want to hurt anyone, much less a child.”
Ever since she was contacted by the U.S. Secret Service about the matter, Griffin has retained a lawyer as her defense.
“If you don’t stand up, you get run over,” the Fashion Police alum said. “What’s happening to me has never happened in this great country. A sitting president of the U.S. … is personally trying to ruin my life forever.”


Kathy Griffin Cries During Donald Trump Press Conference








































6 Photos »


/n