Disney Confesses: Kermit the Frog Puppeteer Steve Fired For 'Unacceptable' Conduct/n
The reason for Kermit the Frog puppeteer Steve Whitmire’s unexpected firing has been revealed, RadarOnline.com has learned, and it turns out the voice legend’s “unacceptable” conduct was the breaking point for Muppets show producers.
“We raised concerns about Steve’s repeated unacceptable business conduct over a period of many years, and he consistently failed to address the feedback. The decision to part ways was a difficult one which was made in consultation with the Henson family and has their full support,” Debbie McClellan, head of the Muppets Studio division of Disney, claimed to The New York Post.
PHOTOS: You’re Fired! Kim Kardashian & Her Sister Want Momager Kris Jenner Out — 7 Reasons Why
As Radar previously reported, Whitmire, who portrayed Kermit for 27 years, was allegedly let go without so much as an explanation, leaving him to heartbreakingly voice his feelings on the matter in an emotional blog post last week.
“I feel that I am at the top of my game, and I want all of you who love the Muppets to know that I would never consider abandoning Kermit or any of the others because to do so would be to forsake the assignment entrusted to me by Jim Henson, my friend and mentor, but even more, my hero,” he wrote.
McClellan added in a recent statement: “The role of Kermit the Frog is an iconic one that is beloved by fans and we take our responsibility to protect the integrity of that character very seriously.”
PHOTOS: It’s Over! Lamar Odom FIRED From ‘KUWTK’ After Booze-Fueled Meltdown
“We raised concerns about Steve’s repeated unacceptable business conduct over a period of many years, and he consistently failed to address the feedback. The decision to part ways was a difficult one which was made in consultation with the Henson family and has their full support,” she added.
I am devastated to have failed in my duty to my hero,” said Whitmire.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n