 'She's Dead To Me!' Teresa & Jacqueline's Feud EXPLODES After Melissa's Fashion Show.../n
It’s the end of an era in New Jersey!
Jacquline Laurita was on the outs with everyone on this week’s episode of The Real Housewives of New Jersey, and she didn’t make amends with everyone just yet!
The episode began with her still feuding with Dolores Catania.
“Jacqueline thought I was setting her up to make her look bad that she didn’t show up,” Catania explained in her interview, insisting that Laurita was wrong.
PHOTOS: Jac Under Fire! Laurita Caught In Epic Feud With Teresa Giudice & Melissa Gorga
She refused to talk about it with Kathy Wakile, who was still feuding with Teresa Giudice. Giudice interjected to let them know Laurita is “just an evil person,” before trying to find Melissa Gorga ahead of her show.
Giudice found Gorga sitting on the stairs, writing her speech for the after party.
“This is the first event without my husband,” she cried.
The night ended with Siggy Flicker inviting the girls to her house for a lunch so that the girls could work on their issues. But Giudice had other issues at hand, as she later revealed to her lawyer that she may have to sell her home.
PHOTOS: ‘RHONJ’ War! Teresa & Melissa Not Invited To Jacqueline’s B-Day Party
Regardless, she showed to the lunch, despite her hate of Laurita. But, her frenemy was ready to bury the hatchet after all.
“I took it too far in Vermont and I said horrible things to Teresa and I take accountability for that, but I was very deeply hurt,” she cried to Flicker ahead of the lunch. “But at least I say it to your face. I don’t pretend to be somebody’s friend when I really don’t want to be their friend.”
Laurita made up with Catania immediately, but Gorga and Giudice weren’t having it. They refused to have individual conversations with her, and even had a deja vu of season 2 with proclaiming at each other, “Is bitch better?”
“I think you’re an evil person to the core,” Giudice slammed at Laurita.
PHOTOS: All For Show? Jacqueline, Dolores & Siggy Reunite After Filming Ends
“I think you’re describing yourself,” she retaliated.
“You’re evil to the core!” Giudice hurled. That’s why security is here!”
But instead of calling her a “prostitution wh**re,” she settled on a “conniving, twisted f***king bitch.”
Laurita left the restaurant, and Catania and Flicker chased her. But things are over in Jersey, as Giudice declared Laurita was “dead to [her].”
“She makes me sick,” she insisted. “She makes me want to f***king vomit.”
Watch RHONJ on Sundays at 8 p.m. EST.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n