Beyoncé Shed 30 Pounds In 3 Weeks! Inside The Star's Shocking Weight Loss Secret/n
Just one month after giving birth to twins Rumi and Sir Carter, musical icon Beyoncé posted a nude photo of herself looking slimmed down and stunning – now RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal the secret to her hot post baby body.
“Beyonce is looking great even though she only had the babies in June.She thought it would take her a lot longer to recover from having twins,” said a source close to the star.
The once-named “Sexiest Woman Of The Century” has never been shy about flaunting her enviable figure and boasting her curves in risqué fashion, yet even the Queen B needed a rigid exercise routine to shed her recent baby weight.
PHOTOS: Kim & Kanye SNUB Beyoncé’s ‘VMA’ Performance Backstage
As Radar can report, the Lemonade singer, 35, was twice spotted at Beverly Hill’s Pea in the Pod boutique, where she shopped for Slimming Belly Bandit products such as waist trainers and shaping underwear.
Claimed an insider: “She loves the Belly Bandit products – she went to Pea in the Pod twice while she was pregnant to stock up ready for the birth. She got their belly wraps, shaping leggings and tops, corsets and underwear and she really thinks it has helped get her body back on track.”
According to a source, the mom-of-three lost 30 pounds in the three weeks after giving birth thanks to her beloved Belly bandit wraps.
PHOTOS: Kimye Leaves Kids At Home As They Attend Jay Z & Beyonce Daughter’s Birthday Party
“The stuff just holds everything in – all the celebrity moms love the product. Beyoncé swears by it and has been recommending it to all her pregnant friends,” said a pal.
The slimming products, which have recently become increasingly popular amongst the Hollywood crowd, help shrink, tighten and control flabby post-baby bellies. While their main purpose is to help the user shed weight by compressing and re-shaping the abdominal area, they are also said to decrease bloating, swelling and even help minimize stretch marks.
“Beyoncé worked really hard to lose the weight after the birth of Blue Ivy so it’s understandable that she wants a helping hand this time,” added the source.
The star was also seen shopping for “Mother Tucker” shapewear – a favorite among mothers who have undergone C-section, since it provides comfort around the belly.
PHOTOS: A-Listers At War! Kimye’s Feud With Beyonce & Jay Z Explained In 11 Clicks
Beyoncé is certainly not the first A-lister to use slimming products such as these to slim down. As Radar readers know, The Kardashian-Jenner family has long been an advocate for waist training corsets, with Kourtney Kardashian ever designing her own black wrap after giving birth to her three children. Julie Bowen also claimed the products got her back into her skinny jeans after her body was “destroyed” by giving birth to twins.Other celebs who swear by the belly blasting gear include Minnie Driver, Selma Blair, Christina Applegate and Ali Landry.
According to a source, Jay-Z‘s wife of 9 years said she “worked crazily” to lose the 65 pounds of baby weight after giving birth to first child Blue Ivy, 5. She wanted to flaunt her curves in her upcoming music videos and losing the weight without the help of shapewear was a huge struggle.
As Radar previously revealed, Beyoncé and Jay-Z, 47, welcomed their twins just last month. And yesterday, Queen B posted the first snap of her with her newborn babies.
“Sir Carter and Rumi, 1 month today,” she captioned the sweet Instagram photo, in which she shows off her toned post-baby body.
What do you think of Beyoncé post-baby weight loss technique? Sound off in the comments below.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n