Mike ‘The Situation’ Sorrentino Says He’s 18 Months Sober Amid Tax Fraud Legal Case/n





                    Snooki and JWoww Revisit Their Most Cringe-Worthy 'Jersey Shore' Moments
                







So embarrassing.

 MORE >>










                    Mike 'The Situation' Sorrentino Charged with Tax Evasion
                







 Now this is a situation!

 MORE >>





Mike “The Situation” Sorrentino may be in hot water with the IRS, but he’s already moved past his addiction problems.

As he faces tax fraud charges, the Jersey Shore alum reveals he’s been sober for 18 months after checking into a rehab center for prescription medication abuse. Speaking to People, the 34-year-old claims he’s “100 percent” clean.
“It’s my life, and I have to take care of it,” he tells the publication. “If I’m not healthy mentally and physically, I’m not going to make it.”
According to The Situation, things start falling out of control in 2014 when he was charged with tax evasion for filing false returns and failing to pay taxes on $8.9 million of income. Using workouts as a way to cope with stress, he eventually injured his ribs at the gym in June 2015 and was prescribed painkillers — his so-called “drug of choice” over alcohol.


Mike 'The Situation' Sorrentino: Before the fame








































6 Photos »


“From there it was just a spiral,” he recalls. “Your emotions are blocked. So you really ruin relationships with everyone in your life.”
He eventually returned to a treatment facility in 2016 after spending 60-day stint in rehab in 2012.
Sorrentino’s revelation comes ahead of the premiere of the WE tv’s Marriage Boot Camp: Reality Stars Family Edition, which the former MTV star with his brother Marc Sorrentino, who also pleaded not guilty to the fraud allegations.
“[Mike] Sorrentino wants to fix things with his brothers Marc and Frank Jr.,” a statement from the network reads. “With the looming threat of jail time for tax evasion putting a major strain on their relationship, these three brothers must put their pride aside to bring their family back together.”


The Situation Shows Off His Abs








































7 Photos »


/n