Leonard Nimoy Gets Touching Tribute From Star Trek Beyond Cast, Who Promote Cause Close to His Heart—Watch The new Star Trek cast is honoring one of their own, the late, great Leonard Nimoy, and are carrying on part of his legacy by highligh.../n
The new Star Trek cast is honoring one of their own, the late, great Leonard Nimoy, and are carrying on part of his legacy by highlighting a special cause he felt dearly about.The actor, who played Spock in the original series and films and reprised his role in the two released reboot movies, died at age 83 in February. Zachary Quinto, who plays a younger, alternate version of his character in the new films, and his co-stars filmed a special video tribute to the fallen star.The clip was posted online this week as part of the cast's Star Trek: To Boldly Go charity fundraising initiative, which offers fans the chance to win a walk-on role in the third film, Star Trek Beyond, which is set for release in July 2016. The campaign supports nine global groups, including one championed by Nimoy, St. Jude Children's Research Hospital."Leonard was an actor, a champion of the arts and a true inspiration to so many," Quinto says in the clip. "Through his legendary portrayal of Spock, he influenced countless scientists and artists, myself and the rest of the cast included. It was an honor and a privilege to know him and to call him a friend. Leonard's love for the human spirit shone through everything he did. He touched lives around the world and he is greatly missed."

"The cause we're highlighting this week is one that Leonard was passionate about," the actor continues. "The St. Jude Children's Research Hospital is leading the way in advancing cures for childhood cancer and other life-threatening diseases."In a scene that will give any Star Trek fan chills, the cast members, including newbie Idris Elba, are then shown raising their arms and giving the famous Vulcan salute, which Nimoy had come up with himself."Live long and prosper," Quinto says, quoting Spock.Watch the cast's tribute video below.

A day after Nimoy's death, the charity's national outreach director and actress Marlo Thomas revealed the actor donated $10,000 to the kids of St. Jude, a month before he passed."Even in his very hard, last days he was thinking of how to help others," she said on Facebook. "God bless you, Leonard."
/n