Did Lala Kent Make Her Vanderpump Rules Castmates Sign NDAs To Keep Her Married Boyfriend’s Identity A Secret??/n

This. Explains. EVERYTHING!!!
We have to admit, we were starting to lose faith in Vanderpump Rules this season due to the bizarre decision to make (Tequila) Katie Maloney the main character.
However, after Monday night's explosive episode… we've learned to never question Lisa Vanderpump and her sociopathic SURvers ever again!
That's because the Real Housewives of Beverly Hills spinoff returned to its Seasons 1 and 2 glory by giving us some real world consequences — specifically, of the legal kind!
Video: Scheana Shay Tells Andy Cohen If She's Dating Hilary Duff's Ex!
Buckle up.
While the all-new hour was teased as Katie's bridal shower and Tom Schwartz's last night as a free man… Stassi Schroeder and Kristen Doute stole the spotlight when they ambushed James Kennedy into spilling some secrets about his "BFF" Lala Kent.
In fact, all it took was for the OG #PumpRules girls to even suggest that Lala was playing him to get James to admit one of the most scandalous allegations in Bravo history… 
That Lala's married boyfriend made her friends sign NDAs to keep them from revealing his identity — including Ariana Madix and Tom Sandoval!!!
James even had the pics to prove it!
Related: James Kennedy Pays Respects To Late Godfather George Michael
That would explain why Tom and Ariana were mysteriously always sticking up for their younger coworker after joining her at Coachella — because they legally had no choice!
Of course, the couple continued to deny the rumors throughout the episode and even into Watch What Happens Live! with Andy Cohen later that night… but what else were they supposed to do?! Break their non-disclosure agreements and get into a lawsuit with a rich, Hollywood film exec??
Plus, it would also explain why Lala "chose" to leave the show halfway through the season — because her married boyfriend forced her to!
This is right up there with Scheana Shay getting outed as Eddie Cibrian's original mistress… and we're loving every second of it.
Ch-ch-check out the highlight of Vanderpump Rules' entire fifth season (below)!!!

[Image via Bravo.]
/n