Adele Kisses A Dog Mid-Concert and More Celebrity News/n





                    Sorry London, Adele Is Making Los Angeles Her New Home
                







Hello Hollywood!

 MORE >>





Here are some of the news stories that you may have missed today, featuring Adele, Tamar Braxton, Beyoncé and more.

Just in case the world hadn’t gotten the memo that Adele is the bawdy British version of a Disney princess, she went full Snow White on Sunday night at the Los Angeles stop of her world tour. [Huffington Post]
There’s no trouble in paradise for Tamar Braxton and her husband Vince Herbert … at least that’s how they’re making it seem. [TMZ]
The departure of Roger Ailes hasn’t stopped the legal trouble over sexual harassment claims at Fox News. On Monday, former host Andrea Tantaros sued the network, Ailes, and other Fox execs and alleged that she was punished after she complained about inappropriate remarks by Ailes. [Newser]
Beyoncé and Jay Z were on holiday in the Mediterranean for a couple of weeks but they’re back in NY now and went out last night in matching grey to support Usher at the premiere of Hands Of Stone. [Lainey Gossip]
Ricky Martin surprised boyband CNCO in Miami! See the pics! [Socialite Life]
Fans want Jared Leto as a Replicant in Blade Runner 2. [The Movie Network]
Have $4,000 to $6,000 burning a hole in your pocket and really weird taste in souvenirs? Consider bidding on Truman Capote’s ashes when they go up for auction Sept. 23 and 24 in LA. [Newser]


Today's Hottest Celebrity Sightings Photos








































42 Photos »


ICYMI on Celebuzz:

So Spoiled: Some ‘PLL’ Shippers Will Be Very Happy with This Finale, Says Exec
Beyoncé Is Having a Really Solid Week and It’s Only Tuesday
Deals of the Day: Puma Shoes and Clothing, Travel Mugs and More!
Teresa Halbach’s Family Will Be Consulted on Fate of ‘Making a Murderer’ Subject Brendan Dassey
WATCH: It’s Emma Stone’s Turn to Sing to Ryan Gosling in New ‘La La Land’ Trailer

Also, make sure to check out our latest Celebuzz’d podcast with our host Mia Lardiere and Matt Russoniello sitting down with Idolator’s Rachel Sonis to discuss the intrigue of artist beef as an inextricable part of MTV VMA’s tradition.

/n