DeMario Jackson Breaks Down In Tears Over Corinne Olympios Sex Scandal/n
On Tuesday’s episode of Bachelor in Paradise, former contestant DeMario Jackson broke down during a tell-all interview with show host Chris Harrison. In an emotional, tear-filled dialogue, the star spoke up about his controversial sexual assault incident with Corinne Olympios and the repercussions that followed.
“It was hard,” Jackson tearfully said in the heartbreaking clip. “I never once thought that I would be here, today, speaking to you guys amid a crazy scandal.”
After immediately hitting it off with Olympios during their first day in Paradise, Jackson said their connection was so strong he thought he may have just found his wife!
PHOTOS: ‘Bachelor In Paradise’ Secrets & Scandals REVEALED
While after the shocking incident, fans fired back at Jackson, blaming him for abusing Olympios, others have defended him, saying that ABC “exploited” the drama and made it something it was not.
BIP contestants also stoop behind Jackson, saying he did nothing wrong, and the entire event was blown immensely out of proportion. They also agreed that racism was unfortunately a large part of it.
“They wanted the angry black guy and this little, innocent white girl. But it wasn’t,” stated Jackson.
PHOTOS: Bachelor In Paradise Corrine Olympios Clings To Mom – See The Pics
He also added that while he had to go through intensive therapy to get over the hurtful scandal that almost turned him “suicidal,” it was the effect it had on his family what really upset him.
“It’s tough. It’s difficult. I love my mom more than anything in this world,” he said in the show. “Seeing her cry every single day, it was difficult. I’m her everything, best friends. I had to make her deactivate [social media], because she was going to war defending me. It sucked.”
Olympios, who previously stated through her rep that she was “the victim” in the whole debacle, was not happy when ABC aired what was said to be the footage of her and Jackson getting steamy in the pool.
PHOTOS: Truly A ‘Bachelor In Paradise’! DeMario Jackson Gets Phone Numbers
“As DeMario is well aware, the footage that was in the promo was not of the encounter that caused production to be shutdown,” wrote Olympios’ rep Stan Rosenfield, after the episode aired.
The blonde starlet, who did not return for filming in Mexico after the sexual assault chaos, tweeted on Tuesday night after Jackson’s talk: “Everyone: before making your assumptions, watch my interview with @chrisbharrison next week to hear it straight from me #bachelorinpardise.” She too will confess her side of the story on August 29.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n