Kim Kardashian Was Worried She Couldn't Get Pregnant: 'Maybe I Don't Want Kids'/n
On night two of the Kourtney & Kim Take Miami premiere, Kim Kardashian revealed some unsettling news from her doctor about her chances of conceiving, and RadarOnline.com has the recap.
“When I went to the doctor a couple months ago, he took tests to check my hormones and my levels, and everything was really suppressed and really low because I’ve been on birth control for so many years,” Kim revealed.
PHOTOS: Kim Kardashian Wears Tights And No Make-up At A Nail Salon
“I want to have kids one day, so he really suggested that I get off birth control.”
Kim remained optimistic about the test results until she got a phone call from her doctor with some disturbing news.
PHOTOS: Reality TV’s Top Families
“I get a call from my fertility doctor that Khloe and I went to,” Kim said.
“I’m 31, and my egg levels came back as a woman that’s in my 50s. I’m concerned just hearing all this information of how every woman is born with a certain amount of eggs, and that number to never be increased. Maybe this just isn’t in the cards for me, and I’m freaking out a little bit.”
PHOTOS: Kim Kardsashian In Harper’s Bazaar
With Kourtney now taking care of two little ones, Kim began to question whether or not she even wants kids.
“It’s so overwhelming it’s even made me second guess even wanting to have kids,” Kim confessed. “Whatever’s meant to be will be. If I’m not supposed to have kids then maybe I don’t want kids.”
PHOTOS: Kim Kardashian Channels Sophia Loren
Kim also began making rude comments to Kourtney about the sloppy way she was dressing, not to mention the fact that all Kourtney wants to do anymore is be with her kids.
“I’m just trying to live my life, and it’s so frustrating when she throws these insults at me,”  Kourtney said.
PHOTOS: Kim Kardashian’s Style Evolution
“Kim is insulting my life choices of having a family and wanting to be a mom as if I’m doing something wrong,” Kourtney confessed.
But after realizing what her sister Khloe has been through trying to have children,  Kim finally came around.
EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: Kardashian Kids Never-Before-Seen Childhood Photos 
“It’s really comforting to know that I have two sisters who have gone through two completely different experiences,” Kim went on.
“Am I going to take after Kourtney who can just sneeze and get pregnant, or am I going to take after Khloe and have a really hard time?”
PHOTOS: Kim Kardashian Flaunts Baby Bump In Tight Dress
As the world now knows, Kim got pregnant by her boyfriend Kanye West and is nearly 15 weeks along.
Tune in next Sunday at 9/8c for more of Kourtney & Kim Take Miami on E!
RELATED STORIES:
Kim Kardashian ‘Cried For Months’ Over Kris Humphries Divorce, Scott Surprises Kourtney In Miami
Beware Kim! Kanye West’s Ex Says He’s Insecure, Needy & Vulnerable
‘Nosy’ Kim Kardashian Admits To Causing ‘Drama’ And Making People Cry
Khloé Kardashian Is Comfortable With Her Curves! ‘I’m Happy With Myself If I’m A Little Heavier’ /n