Sam Hunt Reveals He Flew to Hawaii 7 Times to Win Wife Hannah Lee Fowler Back After They Split/n

Sam Hunt may be singing about back roads, but he took another mode of transportation when it came to wooing his now-wife, Hannah Lee Fowler.
The country crooner revealed at the CMT Awards on Wednesday that he was persistent in winning back Fowler after they had broken up – continuously flying to Hawaii last summer to persuade his love to take him back.
“I think last summer I went out [to Hawaii] about seven times in about three months,” Hunt, 32, told Entertainment Tonight on the red carpet, clad by Olia Zavozinain a dark henley shirt and matching pants. “Trying to talk to her about coming back. And the seventh trip I convinced her.”
The couple, who matched in black on the CMT Awards red carpet, were engaged in early January and wed an intimate Georgia ceremony in April.
Mike Coppola/WireImage
Hunt described his wedding day as “perfect,” filled with loved ones and, most importantly, a happy bride.
The singer even admits that he was overcome at points by the big day’s touching moments.





 Mohaler!
A post shared by Sam Hunt (@samhuntmusic) on Oct 29, 2016 at 1:47pm PDT


“There are emotions that you can’t really plan for that just sort of sneak up and almost knock you off your feet,” he shared. “Like, when you’re standing there… And they don’t come in the big moments, I feel like it’s just little things, like seeing your mom sitting beside your grandmother who needs help getting up to walk down to aisle and like [Hannah’s] little brother is escorting my grandmother down the aisle and just to see our families come together in that way was really special for me.”
FROM PEN: ‘Lea Michele Dream-Casts Her Own Real-Life Girl Squad—from Country Darling Maren Morris to Beyoncé

While his career has been taking off, Hunt recognizes that Fowler has been making many sacrifices for her new husband.
“She has her own life and her ambitions and her own dreams and things are important to her, and I want to support those as much as she’s supported me,” he said. “I think it’s been a little lopsided these first few weeks of marriage, so I owe her for sure… but she’s having fun.”
/n