‘The Voice’ Recap: Brandon Mahone Brings Some Soul to Team Adam Levine (VIDEO)/n





                    'The Voice': Cee Lo's Night
                







The coach snags 4 performers for his team. 

 MORE >>










                    'The Voice': The Kids Have It
                







On night four, the young ones dominated the auditions. 

 MORE >>





 Woo wee! The contestants on NBC’s The Voice have got soul.
Multiple singing hopefuls got their groove on during Monday’s blind auditions performing soulful classic songs which impressed the judges. Most impressive to us was 17-year-old Brandon Mahone who had us and the coaches thinking he was a singer far beyond his years as he nailed a rendition of The Temptations’ “I Wish It Would Rain.”
Adam Levine was the lucky coach to nab Mahone for his team after telling him, “Honest to God, you are a soul singer, a real soul singer.”
What were the other soulful highlights of Monday night?

This show might be called The Voice but it doesn’t hurt to be attractive. Contestant Dez Duron is how do we put this? … Very easy on the eyes. The hottie from Louisana, failed to make the show last year much to the chagrin of the coaches, especially Christina Aguilera once she saw how cute he was but his time. He wailed on the soulful song, “Sara Smile.” He had not one but three coaches to choose from after his amazing audition and as Levine put it, “I’m pretty sure all three of them want to date you.” With the ladies going wild for him, he chose Aguilera as his coach.


'the voice' season 3 teams: the performers 








































72 Photos »


No button, No problem. Though music teacher VJ Rosales didn’t get a button push for his performance of Cee Lo Green’s “Forget You” the 25-year-old did get to perform with his idol. Most of the coaches thought Rosales’ voice was awkward when attempting the sarcastic slap-like tone of Green’s break-up jam. However, his adorable admiration of Green got his favorite coach on his feet to perform with him. As Green said when he went back to his seat, I’m pretty sure he forgot that no one pushed their button.
You need more than just a good voice to make it. After Jeffrey James performed Elvis Presley’s “A Little Less Conversation,” Levine told him, “I know you’re shocked that no one turned around because you’re good.” And seriously, he was really good. James performed a great rendition of the song but no one turned around and he looked visibly angry upon their empty praises. With high expectations from all the coaches, a lot of great talent will not necessarily take you into the battle rounds.
Blake Shelton’s slump is over. Team Blake made a triumphant return Monday snagging five singing hopefuls including standouts Suzanna Choffel, 32 and Terisa Griffin, 42. The country singer’s team had been trailing his fellow coaches by at least three contestants since last week but it looks like he’s fianlly got his mojo back.


'the voice' hosts a press junket in malibu








































8 Photos »



By the end of the night, Team Blake also scooped up Lelia Broussard, Ryan Jirovec and Michaela Paige. Team Christina brought her total team members up to 14 with Duron, former Disney recording artist Jordan Pruitt and Latin singer Laura Vivas. Meanwhile, Green added Diego Val and Alexis Marceaux to his ranks. In addition to the soulful Mahone, Michelle Brooks-Thompson and Sam James also chose Levine as their coach.
The Voice airs Monday and Tuesday nights at 8 PM on NBC.
Who did you think had the best performance on Monday? Sound off in the comments below!

brightcove.createExperiences();

 
/n