Bill Cosby's Quaaludes Testimony Can Be Used In Sexual Assault Trial/n
Bill Cosby‘s shocking testimony in a 2005 civil lawsuit, in which he admitted to giving women drugs before having sex with them, has been approved to be used as evidence at his criminal trial, a Pennsylvania judge ruled on Monday.
Now, the shamed comedian’s defense team will be forced to fight twice as hard against former Temple University employee Andrea Constand’s sexual assault case.
As Radar readers know, it was revealed that Cosby confessed to giving women Quaaludes before having sexual encounters with them in depositions taken in 2005 and 2006, during Constand’s original lawsuit.
PHOTOS: Bill Cosby Sexual Assault Case: Smiling Wife Camille Arrives For Deposition
At the time, DA Bruce Castor promised not to criminally prosecute Cosby.
“When you got the Quaaludes, was it in your mind that you were going to use these Quaaludes for young women that you wanted to have sex with?” Constand’s lawyer at the time, Dolores Troiani, asked Cosby during the 2005 trial.
“Yes,” Cosby answered.
Later in the deposition, the comic described putting his hands down Constand’s pants: “I don’t hear her say anything. And I don’t feel her say anything. And so I continue and I go into the area that is somewhere between permission and rejection. I am not stopped.”
PHOTOS: Escaping Justice? Bill Cosby Could Flee Country Amid Sexual Assault Charges
Of course, Cosby maintains that all encounters were consensual, despite dozens of women coming forward to accuse him of drugging and raping them over the last several decades.
Now, in Constand’s new case against Cosby, Judge Steven O’Neill called Castor’s decision to avoid criminally pursuing the 79-year-old’s testimony “prosecutorial discretion,” not a legal guarantee.
Cosby’s defense team has sought dismissals of the civil suit several times, even sighting the actor’s near blindness as grounds to drop the case — but to no avail. The trial is set to begin in June.
A spokesman for Cosby declined to comment on the matter, according to Page Six.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n