Mariah Carey Spotted ‘Making Out’ with Backup Dancer Bryan Tanaka Following James Packer Split/n





                    Mariah Carey Says It's 'Difficult to Talk About' James Packer Split
                







:'(

 MORE >>










                    Mariah Carey Is Reportedly Writing a Breakup Album Following Her Split from James Packer 
                







The singer is said to be "putting all her pain into a new album."

 MORE >>





For someone who hates Jennifer Lopez, Mariah Carey sure is pulling a Jennifer Lopez.

Taking a page out of J.Lo’s dating handbook, the Elusive Chanteuse is said to getting serious with her backup dancer, Bryan Tanaka, just a month after splitting with fiancé James Packer. Though the two have yet to confirm the exact nature of their relationship, Carey, 46, have been seen getting hot and heavy with the 33-year-old during a recent trip to Hawaii.
After performing three shows in Honolulu, the “Always Be My Baby” singer reportedly couldn’t keep her hands off Tanaka when they visited Maui’s Grand Wailea Resort.
“They were all over each other, making out and not wanting to be more than a few feet apart,” an eyewitness told Us Weekly. “They swam in the ocean and he picked her up to kiss her. She was jumping into his arms, and he bent her back over his knee like they were dancing. Then they walked on the beach holding hands, and he gave her a piggyback ride. They had a lot of fun together, and were very playful. She was kicking up the water to splash him, and he was laughing.”


Mariah Carey Performs at Disneyland








































7 Photos »


“She seemed very happy and comfortable with Bryan,” the onlooker added.
Carey and Tanaka first sparked rebound romance rumors when they were spotted out partying together in October. At the time, it was rumored that Carey’s split with Packer had something to do with her close connection to Tanaka. A source alleged that Packer had started exhibiting erratic behavior before the breakup and confronted Tanaka during one of Carey’s Las Vegas shows in June over his closeness with the songstress.
According to those close to the situation, Tanaka has been a “been a supportive influence” for Carey during this time.


Mariah Carey Enjoys a Night Out with bryan tanaka








































6 Photos »


/n