Abby Lee Who? Maddie Ziegler Snubs Felon Mentor In New Tell-All/n
Maddie Ziegler has forgotten all about the woman who helped her climb to the top of the pyramid! In the Dance Moms star’s tell-all, Ziegler snubs her former mentor Abby Lee Miller despite praising her new role model Sia instead.
In The Maddie Diaries: A Memoir, Ziegler thanked singer Sia for casting her in her music videos and inviting her to go on tour with her.
“Chandelier definitely change my life – it made me more than just the girl from Dance Moms,” Ziegler wrote. “It opened a lot of doors and opportunities for me.”
Ziegler described her time at the ALDC as “stressful,” as Miller, who the 14-year-old does not name but seems to be referring to, overworked her.
PHOTOS: Flirting With Disaster! Selena’s Fling With The Weeknd Leaves Closest Friends ‘Worried’
“Before I met [Sia], I would say yes to a lot of things I didn’t want to do,” she penned. “Because I thought I had to – I didn’t want to disappoint anyone. I’d be overwhelmed by the amount of work on my plate. Sia always tells me you have to have time off, step back and appreciate the moment.”
But the digs didn’t stop there, as she also slammed Miller for her controversial choreography.
“I haven’t loved every dance we’ve done,” the dancer-turned-actress wrote. “Some I thought were a little weird or silly, or even inappropriate for kids our age.”
While Ziegler describes her time with former teammates Nia Sioux, Kalani Hilliker, Kendall Vertes, JoJo Siwa and ALDC choreographer Gianna Martello, she doesn’t mention her former dance teacher once.
PHOTOS: Mark Harmon’s Heart Attack Nightmare — NCIS Star Not Photographed In Public For 250 Days
“To the ALDC, Lifetime, and Collins Avenue, thank you for giving me the opportunity to do what I love in front of so many people,” she said, leaving Miller out of her acknowledgements.
Ziegler was Miller’s favorite student on the Lifetime series, which often caused drama between the other mother’s and dancers.
Ziegler left the hit series after season 6 to pursue other career opportunities. Although Miller felt betrayed by Ziegler’s departure, she seemingly left on good terms with her former dance teacher.
But could Ziegler’s snub have to do with Miller’s legal troubles?
Miller, 50, pled guilty to not reporting an international monetary transaction and one count of concealing bankruptcy assets in June 2016.
PHOTOS: Wardrobe Malfunction: Commando Rita Ora Flashes EVERYTHING In Super Short Skirt
She faces up to 30 months in prison when she’s sentenced on May 8th.
Are you surprised Ziegler left Miller out of her book? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n