Julianna Margulies and Archie Panjabi May or May Not Be Feuding, Depending on Who You Ask/n





                    Vanessa Williams Joins Cast of 'The Good Wife' Season 7
                







New love interest...

 MORE >>





Julianna Margulies and Archie Panjabi’s rumored rift is The Good Wife feud that just won’t end, in spite of Panjabi’s departure from the show at the end of last season.

To back up a bit, fans have long speculated that the actresses’ dislike for one another (or particularly, Margulies’ dislike for Panjabi) that brewed behind the scenes influenced the show’s plot and kept their characters’ storylines from intersecting too much.


Celebrity Twitter Feuds	


































5 Photos »


For example, in season 2, it’s revealed that Panjabi’s character Kalinda once had a one night stand with Alicia Florrick’s (Margulies) husband (Chris Noth). Thereafter, The Good Wife co-stars had increasingly sparse screen time together in between seasons 2 through 6, keeping in line with their character’s falling out and maybe more, in an art imitating life kind of scenario. That’s three whole seasons without their characters ever sharing a scene together. Margulies is, after all, a producer of the show and could hypothetically have a hand in keeping them from filming together.
The show’s creators Robert and Michelle King have long denied any feud between the two actresses, despite the fact that it was eventually revealed that their final scene together (in Panjabi’s last episode, the season 6 finale) was filmed separately, and then spliced together in post-production.
TV writer Michael Ausiello wrote on TVline in May, “Margulies and Panjabi did not shoot that scene together, I have come to learn. Body doubles were employed for the single shots, and the two-shot was spliced together in post-production.” Understandably, fans felt duped and disappointed by this revelation.
Panjabi and Margulies have more or less remained silent on the issue of their alleged feud, until now that is. Depending on who you ask, there either is or isn’t a feud…or there’s not not a feud, if that makes sense.
Margulies made an appearance at the New Yorker Festival over the weekend, where she spoke with Vulture about the show, which just made its season 7 premiere yesterday, and her rumored feud with Panjabi.
Right, I’ve heard about [the feud]. Who says that? It’s totally gossip. I heard that question had been asked to Robert King. There’s no story there, sorry … I actually had heard [that rumor] and I feel that it has been talked about and answered. I feel people just like to have gossip or make something into something that isn’t there. There’s no animosity on my part. It’s a shame, because I wonder if it was two men, when one finds out that he fucked his best friend’s wife, if it would get that same attention, you know what I mean?
As for their last, spliced-together scene that left fans disappointed, Margulies came to its defense:
It was shot the way Robert wanted to shoot it, and the story line, too. You also have to remember, there’s difficulty … [Panjabi] was also doing another show, called The Fall. I went along with whatever Robert asked me to do and I did it happily.
Panjabi saw the post earlier today, and her response calls into question everything the Kings and Margulies says:

http://t.co/7Ci8jY9lSf. @TheFallTV was not even in production at that time and I was in New York ready to film the scene!
— Archie Panjabi (@PanjabiArchie) October 5, 2015
So…Okay. Someone obviously isn’t telling the whole truth.

/n