 War of Words! Mayweather v McGregor - Highlights Of 'Trash Talk' Controversy Between Fighters.../n
It’s been the war of the words and it is getting nastier by the minute.
Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor have traded verbal blows below the belt ahead of their showdown on August 26 in Las Vegas.
The two ‘motor-mouths’ have launched racial and homophobic slurs against one another during their promotional tour around America aimed at whipping-up the fans.
RadarOnline.com can bring you the best, or worst, of the slanderous blows delivered so far in this down and dirty fight.
PHOTOS: Bizarre Rituals, Bloody Fights & Bratty Tantrums! Inside ‘Nervous’ Floyd Mayweather’s Preparation For The Manny Pacquiao Fight In 15 Clicks
At their final press conference in London on Friday night Mayweather upset a lot of people by turning to a grinning McGregor and yelling: “You f*ggot!”
The London crowd cheered McGregor’s every word as Mayweather seemed lost.
The highlight came when Mayweather snatched McGregor’s microphone away from him, before turning triumphantly to the crowd. Only for McGregor to rapidly snatch the mic Mayweather had left on his table. “I’m far too quick for you,” McGregor crowed.
PHOTOS: More Shade At Kanye! Kim Kardashian Strips Down In The Sand As Marriage Problems EXPLODE
In Brooklyn, New York, on Thursday both men came out verbally swinging with plenty of ‘trash talk’.
Mayweather got in the first insult throwing a mass of dollar bills over his opponent yelling: “That’s all your worth.”
While his Irish opponent countered with a racial and gay slur by telling him: “50 Cent’s a b****!”
PHOTOS: Don’t Cross These Stars — They May Throw The Ultimate Shade Your Way
The boxing champ then replied by labeling McGregor a quitter and threw money into the air claiming: “I run the show, this is my h* and I threw one dollar bills on this b****.”
The Irish superstar then handed Mayweather Jay Z’s new album ‘4:44’ and told him to give it to 50 and tell him ‘Blanco sent you’, referencing the Notorious B.I.G song.
“Do they not know I’m half black? I’m half black from the belly button down,’ he continued in reference to the racism controversy caused by his ‘dance with me boy’ comments.
The Irishman then said that he would dance for his ‘black female fans’.
PHOTOS: The 21 Most Outrageous Celebrity Feuds Of All Time
Mayweather won over some fans when he said in New York: “I don’t care if it’s white women, black women, white men, black men, Asian, Latina or Latino, you don’t disrespect people. To get respect, you must give respect.”
When the two men met in Toronto before 16,000 fans for their first press conference Mayweather taunted McGregor with an Irish flag while his opponent snatched his backpack claiming it only had a small wad of cash inside.
While at their first press conference in Los Angeles Mayweather angered many observers by pulling out a check for USD$100 million.
in front of the 11,000 fans assembled at LA’s Staples Center.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n