Prince William & Kate Middleton's Top Housekeeper Quits Over Outrageous Demands/n
Prince William and Kate Middleton are facing a staff meltdown at their Norfolk home, RadarOnline.com has learned. It’s been revealed that the Royal couple’s top housekeeper has quit her role and sources said “nothing will change her mind.”
According to The Sun, 35-year-old Sadie Rice, who’s worked with the couple for the last two years couldn’t take another day working for the family.
“Sadie’s a hard worker but the job’s demands got too much, even for her,” a source told The Sun. “They wanted her to spend more time at Kensington Palace and her work was increasing all the time.”
PHOTOS: Prince William & Kate Meet Jay-Z & Beyonce At Nets Basketball Game
The insider went on, “She wasn’t having a normal life outside work,” adding, “It’s their loss.”
One of their top staffers quitting is just the latest stress factor to add to William and Kate’s plate. Rice was a huge help around their Norfolk home and at the Kensington Palace, where she was cooking, cleaning and even doing shopping for the family.
William and Kate have reportedly been trying to bump up their staff numbers since Prince Phillip made his sudden decision to step out. This only meant that William and Kate would need a larger number of people to make sure things were running at home while they help at the palace in place of Philip.
PHOTOS: Prince William Taking Paternity Leave And 24 Other Things You Didn’t Know About The Royal Birth
As Radar reported, Kate has recently been seen with her hands full trying to keep their two young children — Prince George, 3, and Princess Charlotte, 2 — under control in public.
To make matters worse, Radar readers also know that William and Kate have hit a bump in their marriage after he was caught partying with mystery women during a ski trip. Insiders told Radar that the pair are currently seeking secret marriage counseling.
“All these publicity stunts and interviews are total deflections from the truth,” a source told Radar earlier this month. “Kate’s really struggling to forgive him.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n