Inside Job? FBI Focusing On Sony Employee As Potential Source Of Hacker Leak /n
As the Sony hacking scandal continues to unfold, RadarOnline.com has learned that there is new suspicion that it was an inside job! Sources tell Radar that the FBI is questioning current and former staffers in the information technology department to determine if a disgruntled worker is behind the mind boggling caper.
“No one on the Sony lot wants to be associated in any way with anyone from the I.T. Department right now,” an insider said. “The FBI has been focusing on the department and questioning staffers to figure out if was an inside job.”
“Even though Guardians of Peace group has taken responsibility for breaking into Sony’s servers, the FBI believes that the group had to have help from someone familiar with the infrastructure,” the insider continued.
PHOTOS: What’s In A Name? Sony Hack Exposes These 11 Stars’ Secret Aliases — You Won’t Believe The Secret Pseudonyms Of Jessica Alba, Jude Law, Daniel Craig & More!
As the investigation continues amid more embarrassing leaks, “It’s very disconcerting to even think someone that works for Sony could be involved in any way,” the insider said. “Sony has given the FBI carte blanche to bring the person(s) responsible for the breach to justice.”
The Assistant Director of the FBI’s cyberdivision told a Senate committee last week, “The level sophistication” in the attack ” was extremely high, and we can tell based on our investigative efforts to date, organized and certainly persistent.”
“The malware that was used would have slipped, probably would have gotten past 90% of the net defenses that are out there today in private industry, and I would challenge to even say government,” ​he added.
PHOTOS: Angelina Jolie & Amy Pascal Share An Awkward Moment After Sony Hacking Scandal
In the latest e-mail document dump, Sony Co-Chairman Amy Pascal once again made racist comments and a slam against Angelina Jolie.
Responding to Sony television executive Steve Mosko, upset about being left out about a lucrative deal, Pascal said he just wasn’t “used to TV being the new black baby” — an apparent reference to the recent trend of Hollywood celebs adopting black children, including Sandra Bullock, Charlize Theron, Steven Spielberg, Madonna, Nicole Kidman and Tom Cruise.
Many cyber security experts point to North Korea’s anger over Sony’s upcoming movie The Interview, a comedy about an assassination plot against that country’s dictator, as the source of the massive hack attack.
PHOTOS: Angelina Jolie Attends A Photo Call For ‘Unbroken’
And according to the hackers, there is only more to come, leaving industry honchos on edge. In one case, the source claimed, “There is one executive in the television department that is absolutely freaking out because he had been exchanging e-mail messages with his mistress, unbeknownst to his wife.”
“The executive works on one of Sony’s television show and his e-mails are kept on different servers than the movie studio. He is hoping the emails aren’t made public as part of a threatened release promised before Christmas,” the insider said. “The hacking scandal has turned everyone’s lives upside down.”
Reps for Sony had no comment. /n