Catherine Zeta-Jones Is Launching a Lifestyle Brand/n
Catherine Zeta-Jones is stepping into the design world.
PEOPLE has learned exclusively that the Oscar winning actress will launch her own lifestyle brand this fall.
Fans who follow the Feud star, 47, on Instagram have likely been seeing Zeta-Jones’ kitchen, home and design-centric posts—all tagged with the personal hashtag #StyleByZeta. Earlier this month, she showed off her gorgeously-decorated home kitchen, and in June proved just how long she’s been cultivating her skills.
“Two #Versace vases that have been with me for twenty years and have lived in London, Wales, LA, Bermuda, NYC and Westchester County,” she wrote on Instagram, before encouraging followers to show off their favorite vintage items as well. “Not one chip!”
RELATED: 33 Celebrity-Owned Restaurants and Bars





 Calm before the storm. A kitchen at rest. #StyleByZeta
A post shared by Catherine Zeta-Jones (@catherinezetajones) on Jul 19, 2017 at 2:02pm PDT







 Two #Versace vases that have been with me for twenty years and have lived in London, Wales, LA, Bermuda, NYC and Westchester County. Not one chip! I want to see your best vintage items. Post them using #CZJVintage
A post shared by Catherine Zeta-Jones (@catherinezetajones) on Jun 30, 2017 at 8:01am PDT







 Summer setting at the table. #StyleByZeta
A post shared by Catherine Zeta-Jones (@catherinezetajones) on Jun 20, 2017 at 10:44am PDT


A source also told PEOPLE that Zeta-Jones has been working on her lifestyle brand for years and has had a lot of interest from various partners but has only just found the right fit.
WATCH: Home Hack: Make a Last-Minute Centerpiece with Things You Already Own

 
While more details of her new endeavor are yet to be announced, the actress is clearly not afraid to roll up her sleeves for a project. Last week, Zeta-Jones posted a photo of herself using a sewing machine. “Ready to work!” she captioned the selfie.
Zeta-Jones joins stars like Gwyneth Paltrow, Blake Lively and Reese Witherspoon, who have all expanded their resumes to include food, lifestyle and fashion brands.

With reporting by JULIE JORDAN

/n