Jodi Arias Prosecutor Juan Martinez Accused Of Inappropriate Relationships/n
Jodi Arias prosecutor Juan Martinez has been accused of inappropriate relationships that may have affected her trial, according to Arizona’s 12 News.
Martinez is alleged to have had a relationship with a woman who was blogging and doing TV commentary on Arias’ case, a police report obtained by 12 News stated.
PHOTOS: See 25 Photos Of Evidence That Got Jodi Arias Convicted Of Murder
An ethics complaint has reportedly been filed against Martinez, the Deputy Maricopa County Attorney who prosecuted the notorious Arias; she was convicted of murdering her ex-boyfriend Travis Alexander in 2013 at his Arizona home. Arias was sentenced to life in state prison on April 13, 2015.
The complaint against Martinez, 12 News reported, was filed with the State Bar of Arizona on behalf of Arias herself.
The Arizona TV station reported that a State Bar of Arizona spokesman confirmed it is “investigating an ethics complaint alleging that Martinez had inappropriate relationships that may have compromised the Arias case.”
Freelance reporter Tammy Rose, who covered the trial, filed a sworn statement with the ethics complaint that said her pal, blogger Jen Wood who covered Arias’ trial, “told me this shocking secret that I was—so shocked when she told me—that she said she was having an affair with Juan Martinez.”
Rose allegedly told a sheriff’s officer that she had then been harassed via text message and phone calls but didn’t know who was doing that to her, according to the report, 12 News said.
PHOTOS: Running From Her Past? Casey Anthony Surfaces In Florida Nearly 7 Years After Daughter’s Murder — 10 Photos Of Her New Life
There is also a second woman besides Wood who was allegedly involved in the misconduct story involving Martinez, who has not been identified.
Martinez’s lawyer Scott Rhodes said in a statement that he followed all the rules of professional conduct and “The Arias allegations consist of rumor and innuendo spread by a convicted murderer trying to seek revenge against the public servant who put her behind bars for the rest of her natural life. They do not warrant any attention at all.”
Arias, now 37, is serving is serving a life sentence without the possibility of parole in prison after a jury found her guilty of first-degree murder in the brutal death of former beau Alexander.
The salesman had sustained gruesome multiple knife wounds and a gunshot to the head.
PHOTOS: Check Out The Up For Auction Artwork Of Suspected Murderer Jodi Arias
As Radar has reported, Arias claimed that she had killed Alexander, 30, in self-defense.
Lately, Arias has been scrubbing toilets as a janitor behind bars.
But with this allegation of misconduct on the part of her prosecutor, could Arias get a new trial?
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night.
  /n