Suge Knight Tried to Kill Eminem, Says Former Bodyguard /n





                    Drake and Eminem May Be Feuding
                







Drake and Eminem may have beef together.

 MORE >>





An insider is claiming the notorious hip-hop exec was gunning for the “The Real Slim Shady” rapper… literally.

Suge Knight, the founder and CEO of Death Row Records, already had a terrifying track record, but now Eminem’s former bodyguard Byron “Big Naz” Williams has come forward to reveal that Knight attempted to kill the Detroit rapper on two occasions, the first of which happened at the 2001 Source Hip Hop Awards.
“There was a situation at the Source Awards,” said Big Naz on the Murder Master Music Show. “Which was our first encounter with Suge Knight and his henchmen.”
He explained that, at the event, he was separated from Eminem due to the seating arrangement, which left his client vulnerable.
“I notice Em is in the aisle and he is beefing with all these guys in red shirts. This is what they said: ‘Death Row motherfuckers. Suge Knight sent us to strong arm Eminem and it’s going down.’”


Snoop Dogg Visits Terry Richardson's Studio








































14 Photos »


From that point on, Eminem’s bodyguards had to hover pretty closely just to get through the night. “So it was me, Dre, Dre’s bodyguards, we were in beast mode the whole time,” said Big Naz. “So anybody that got anywhere close trying to get an autograph or trying to talk, trying to speak, they were gonna get laid out, man because that was the kind of atmosphere that was set up.”
The second incident took place when Eminem visited Hawaii. Right when he arrived on Honolulu, Big Naz claims the rapper was greeted by twenty police officers who told him he was in danger.
“Suge Knight had sent 50 guys to try to break up the show. When we got there, vacation mode was over, we were locking and loading, putting on bulletproof vests with their wives and girlfriends sitting next to them.”
Knight is currently awaiting trial for murder in a 2015 hit-and-run case.


Kendall and Kylie Jenner Attend Rihanna and Eminem's Concert With Sofia Richie








































9 Photos »


/n