Fools' Day stunt even more epic? Yep, epic selfies. Somerhalder, who plays Damon on The Vampire Diaries, and Reed, best known for playing the vampire Rosalie in the Twilight movies, headed to Atlanta, which is close to where The Walking.../n
So on April Fools' Day, a ridiculously cute "vampire" couple and Daryl Dixon walked into a classroom...no, really.On Wednesday, several celebs, including The Vampire Diaries' Ian Somerhalder and actress-girlfriend Nikki Reed and The Walking Dead's Norman Reedus took part in a April 1st stunt that, instead of being predictable, mean, potentially controversial and/or downright lame, totally made a bunch of people's days.The actors made surprise appearances at classrooms at various colleges across the United States that morning as part of Chevrolet's #BestDayEver campaign, which includes the launch of the 2016 Chevrolet Malibu. And what makes an April Fools' Day stunt even more epic? Yep, epic selfies.Somerhalder, who plays Damon on The Vampire Diaries, and Reed, best known for playing the vampire Rosalie in the Twilight movies, headed to Atlanta, which is close to where The Walking Dead is filmed. They visited a marketing class at Emory's University's Goizueta Business School. Somerhalder and Reed both tweeted a selfie (see above).

"Spent the morning sub-teaching at Emory University's business school talking about progressive marketing with an inspiring group of young individuals," Reed wrote. "Reminding all of you that were in the class that YOU are the future. YOU will change the world. Thank you for having us, and thank you for a great conversation.""The students were rapt but polite," wrote Atlanta Journal-Constitution writer Rodney Ho. "Reed, sensing the low energy, jokingly suggested Somerhalder to 'take off your shirt.' He didn't but he was very earnest about pushing passion and telling the students to find topics they care about when it comes to marketing."The engaged actors are both animal and environmental activists. In February, accompanied by her beau, Reed was honored with a Noble Award for her work with the Ian Somerhalder Foundation.

Reedus visited students at St. John's University in New York, where, with the help of a whiteboard, he introduced himself appropriately.

Olivia Wilde surprised students of the Made in NY production assistants training program."It was so amazing meeting you all!"

Alec Baldwin also made a #BestDayEver appearance, at Occidental College in Los Angeles, and even put on a costume for the occasion. Later, he also got into a Twitter battle with an audience member.And Kelly Clarkson made a different type of surprise appearance as part of the campaign—she gave an impromptu mini concert at a Los Angeles outdoor mall."On a day typically associated with surprises of a different sort, Chevrolet has recruited partners in sports, entertainment and philanthropy to perform meaningful surprises—large and small—with people across the country and from all walks of life," Chevrolet said in a statement. "No fooling."
/n