Trial Begins for Colorado Man Accused of Pushing Wife off Cliff to Her Death/n
Harold Henthorn, a Colorado man accused of pushing his ophthalmologist wife to her death off a cliff in Rocky Mountain National Park three years ago, sat solemnly in a packed federal courtroom this morning during opening statements for his first-degree murder trial.  
Federal prosecutor Suneeta Hazra told jurors that Henthorn, 59, “knew he was going…to murder his wife” so he could “collect $4.5 million in life insurance.”  
His wife, Dr. Toni Henthorn, then 50, “fell 128 feet…broke her neck…was…scalped…and bled out so much there was not enough blood for the coroner to test,” Hazra said.  
The couple had been celebrating their twelfth wedding anniversary by hiking in the remote area. As they walked off the trail to get a better view, Toni Henthorn allegedly paused to take a photo when she fell over the ledge. Investigators later found a map with an ‘X’ drawn on the spot where his wife fell.  
Hazra said that even though Henthorn claimed to authorities that he performed mouth-to-mouth resuscitation on his wife after climbing down to help her, “the lipstick was still intact on her lips” in photos taken after her death.  
“This was not the first time the defendant claimed a wife of his died in an accident,” added Hazra. She was referring to Henthorn’s first wife, Sandra Lynn Henthorn, then 37, who died in 1995 under what her family believes were suspicious circumstances: She was crushed to death by the pair’s Jeep Cherokee, which Henthorn said happened when a jack gave way when Sandra was underneath the vehicle looking for a lug nut. (Henthorn is not on trial for Sandra’s death, but police re-opened an investigation.)  
“Evidence will show,” concluded Hazra, “that these deaths were not accidents.”  
Henthorn’s Attorney: Client is ‘Unusual Man’
Craig Truman, Henthorn’s attorney, admitted in his opening statement that “Harold Henthorn is an unusual man,” who lied about having a job when he hadn’t worked for years.  
Truman, who maintains that both deaths were unfortunate accidents, told the jurors: “The government thinks lightening never strikes twice.”  
Henthorn, who has been in custody since his arrest on November 6, 2014, faces a mandatory term of life in prison without parole and a fine of up to $250,000 if found guilty.  
“The world lost a very incredible person,” Todd Bertolet, Toni’s brother told PEOPLE.  
His family, he says, had begun to worry about Henthorn’s intentions in 2011, after Henthorn tossed a beam from a deck in Grand Lake that struck his sister and put her in the hospital.  
“My mom’s comments to my sister at the time when she told her about it was, ‘You know, I don’t think Harold has your best interest in mind,'” Bertolet told PEOPLE.  
Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
/n