 Britney Spears: Overwhelmingly The Worst Interview Of The Year In Chicago — 'It.../n
Britney Spears was deemed “the worst interview of 2013” by a gaggle of Chicago journalists who labeled the pop star “disconnected” and “nervous” — with one even going so far as to say he’d rather have “spent that time with a corpse.”
Chicago Tribune entertainment writer Luis Gomez asked a handful of colleagues who their worst interview of 2013 was and the resounding response was Spears, 32, who is set to kick off her Las Vegas residency on Dec. 27.
“Least favorite interview this year was Britney Spears. She was not at all interested in her own new album, her new single or her Vegas residency show,” Jamar ‘J Niice’ McNeil of Chicago’s B96 The J Show told Gomez.
“She wasn’t interested in the interview. Why’d her label make her do this? Waste. I would’ve rather spent that time with a corpse. No, like really. A corpse ‘off gasses,’ might twitch, decomposes, bloats — pretty interesting stuff. Britney Spears? Two words: Nothing there.”
Ouch.
That Was Quick! 25 Of Hollywood’s All-Time Shortest Marriages
But it continued with another radio jock who despite getting a national story when Spears said she “never” lip syncs, dissed the Toxic singer.
“While I wouldn’t say it was my least favorite, as we are always happy to talk to Britney Spears, she just seemed disconnected,” Christopher ‘Brotha Fred’ Frederick of 103.5 Kiss FM’s Fred + Angi In The Morning show.
“It was difficult to get more than a ‘yes’ or ‘no’ from her. But she did tell us she ‘never’ lip syncs, and that surprised more than just us as it made national news.”
And Michelle ‘Showbiz Shelly’ Menaker also of B96’s The J Show echoed her colleagues’ opinion of Spears.
PHOTOS: Compare Britney Before & After Digital Touch-Up
“The worst interview of the year had to be Britney Spears. While she has catchy songs and cool music videos, it was almost a struggle for her to form a sentence,” she said.
“She might have been nervous, but it was tough for her to elaborate on things as simple as her new Vegas Show.”
As Radar previously reported, Vegas meet-and-greets with Spears are available online for a costly $2,500 package. /n