‘Once Upon a Time,’ ‘Revenge,’ ‘Castle’: ABC Offers Limited Edition Prints From Its Hit Shows (PHOTOS)/n





                    'Revenge': The Fall Finale
                







Gabriel Mann says that someone will make an exit.

 MORE >>










                    'OUAT': The Fall Finale
                







Seven things you should expect from the fall finale.

 MORE >>





 Looking for that special holiday gift for a Once Upon a Time fan? Do you have a Castle fanatic on your gift list? Or someone who just can’t get enough of Revenge? Maybe, you want to own a poster featuring some of your favorite characters from hit ABC shows?
Well now’s your chance. Just in time for the holidays, ABC is offering up limited edition prints for their shows, Once Upon a Time, Revenge and Castle. And the prints are breathtaking.

In addition to a gorgeous print of the complete cast of Once Upon a Time, fans can also get their hands on the fairly tale land counterparts of Regina (Lana Parilla) as the Evil Queen, Mary Margaret (Ginnifer Goodwin) as Snow White, David (Josh Dallas) as Prince Charming, Mr. Gold (Robert Carlyle) as Rumpelstilskin and Emma Swan (Jennifer Morrison).
 

'once upon a time's' gorgeous season 2 cast photos 








































8 Photos »



Meanwhile, fans of Castle can choose between a print of Richard Castle (Nathan Fillion) and Kate Beckett (Stana Katic) together or individual shots of the characters.
Also available is a never-before-seen print of the entire cast of Revenge including Emily VanCamp, Madeline Stowe, and Joshua Bowman among its many other stars. This photo, along with the shot featuring the full cast of Once Upon a Time are available as a 16×20 print on museum-quality photo paper.
Both full cast shots go for $69.95 while the single cast member shots from OUAT, available as 11×14 prints, are priced at $49.95 each. The Castle photos, also 11×14 but printed on matte paper, are $19.95.
Click through our gallery above to see all the prints available.
All of the gorgeous limited-edition pictures are available for purchase at OfficialABCPrints.com and come numbered with a certificate of authenticity.
Which print do you consider a must-have? Tell us in the comments section below.
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n