Leaving La La Land? Ryan & Eva’s Relationship Is Crumbling!/n
Hollywood hunk Ryan Gosling’s romance with baby mama Eva Mendes has hit the skids, insiders told RadarOnline.com, setting the stage for an ugly custody battle!
“They’re past the point of caring now,” claimed a longtime pal. “The biggest sign it’s over is the fact that Eva and Ryan don’t even bother to argue anymore. The only thing they do agree on is the fact that none of their needs are being met!”
In a bombshell exclusive, insiders told Radar the couple’s five-year romance imploded for good when Gosling, 36, chose to celebrate Mother’s Day with his mom, Donna, rather than Mendes, 43.
The hot couple started dating in September 2011, after meeting on the set of the crime thriller The Place Beyond the Pines.
PHOTOS: Rare Sighting! Ryan Gosling & Eva Mendes Spotted Out With Their Daughters
But they have only been photographed together once since January, and their relationship has been toxic behind closed doors for quite a long time now, the insider claimed.
Hitch hottie Mendes is not happy being left holding the couple’s baby girls — 2-year-old Esmeralda and 1-year-old Amada — and she’s given up on ever getting Gosling to the altar, friends said.
And Gosling was devastated when Mendes refused to accompany him to the Golden Globes and the Academy Awards, despite his Best Actor nods for La La Land, according to the insiders.
“Everyone’s kind of gotten used to Eva shunning the limelight, but no one ever thought for a moment she’d skip the Oscars — especially when Ryan was nominated for a once-in-a-lifetime accolade,” claimed the friend. “It didn’t make sense. When they first got together, they were inseparable and were often seen out on dates holding hands. Now that just doesn’t happen.”
PHOTOS: Oh La La! Emma Stone’s Secret Teen Photo Album UNCOVERED
The couple reportedly had a huge blowout over her refusal to attend the Oscars, with sources pointing to her insecurities over Gosling’s co-star Emma Stone.
Besides La La Land, Gosling and redheaded spitfire Stone, 28, have also steamed up the screen in Gangster Squad and Crazy, Stupid, Love.
“Emma and Ryan have THE hottest chemistry in Hollywood right now,” added the insider. “Eva seems to feel totally intimidated by Emma, even though neither Emma nor Ryan have given her any reason to worry.”
The exotic Cuban-American beauty first earned notice playing Denzel Washington’s girlfriend in 2001’s gritty Training Day, and appeared in 2003’s 2 Fast 2 Furious.
PHOTOS: Revealed! Rachel McAdams’ Bittersweet Baby News — As Ex Ryan Gosling Welcomes No. 2
But she hasn’t been on the big screen since 2014’s Lost River, which Gosling wrote and directed.
“Since Eva bowed out of the public eye, she’s like a paranoid hermit, and it’s driven a huge wedge between them,” claimed the source.
“She’ll go weeks without speaking to any other adult except Ryan. It makes for a pretty intense situation. Eva won’t go out, and she avoids his family. Even worse, she’s convinced she’s not Ryan’s only one — when she is!”
“Ryan’s not a cheating kind of guy and can’t stand it when women hit on him,” the insider said. “Even worse, he can’t stand being accused of something he hasn’t done!”
Do you think Ryan and Eva should split or make it work? Let us know in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n