Amy Adams Reveals She Knew About ‘American Hustle’ Pay Gap, Was ‘Devastated’ On Set for the Most Part/n





                    Amy Adams and Darren Le Gallo Finally Marry After 14 Years
                







It's official.

 MORE >>





Amy Adams opens up about getting paid less than her male co-stars for American Hustle for the first time, and what she has to say will definitely bum you out.

Unlike her other American Hustle female co-star Jennifer Lawrence, Adams was not shocked to find out that she was being paid less than Bradley Cooper, Jeremy Renner and Christian Bale after the Sony Hack occurred because she already knew from the start.


Amy Adams Is Sultry and Sexy in the April 2016 Issue of 'British GQ'	






















3 Photos »


The actress explained in the upcoming April issue of British GQ:
I didn’t speak about it before and I’m probably not going to speak about it forever, because I disagreed with… not Jennifer per se, but people who had opinions on how women should go about negotiating. The truth is we hire people to negotiate on our behalf, men and women… I knew I was being paid less and I still agreed to do it because the option comes down to do it or don’t do it. So you just have to decide if it’s worth it for you. It doesn’t mean I liked it.
Lawrence, you probably remember, wrote an emotional, powerful essay on the striking pay gap between the film’s male and femal leads that was uncovered in the Sony Hack, entitled, ““Why do I make less than my male co-stars?”:
It’s hard for me to speak about my experience as a working woman because I can safely say my problems aren’t exactly relatable. When the Sony hack happened and I found out how much less I was being paid than the lucky people with dicks, I didn’t get mad at Sony. I got mad at myself. I failed as a negotiator because I gave up early. I didn’t want to keep fighting over millions of dollars that, frankly, due to two franchises, I don’t need. (I told you it wasn’t relatable, don’t hate me).
All in all, Adams, who is starring as Lois Lane in the upcoming Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice film, was proud of Lawrence for penning her open letter, commenting:
I’m really proud of Jennifer. What I liked [about the essay] is that it was not necessarily about getting paid, or not getting paid… It’s like we [women] have been conditioned to not be controversial, to not cause problems. It’s about finding your voice.


Amy Adams at the 72nd Golden Globe Awards 








































14 Photos »


Lastly, when it came to the actual making of the movie, Adams revealed how great it was working with director David O. Russell (i.e. it wasn’t that great at all) in light of the fact that he made her cry.
He did… I was really just devastated on set. I mean, not every day, but most. Jennifer [Lawrence] doesn’t take any of it on. She’s Teflon. And I am not Teflon. But I also don’t like to see other people treated badly.. It’s not ok with me. Life to me is more important than movies. It really taught me how to separate work and home. Because I was like, I cannot bring this experience home with me to my daughter.
Adams won numerous awards for her role as Sydney Prosser in American Hustle, including a Golden Globe and a Critics’ Choice Movie Award as well as Academy Award, BAFTA Award and MTV Movie Award nominations.
The April 2016 issue of British GQ will be available on newsstands Thursday (March 3).



Meet the Cast of 'American Hustle'	








































6 Photos »



/n