Ride From Hell: Secrets Exposed From Teen's Six Flags Fall Horror!/n
A 14-year-old Delaware girl is recovering after falling 25 feet from a Six Flags ride, and now a police document obtained by RadarOnline.com has revealed new details about the terrifying incident.
On Saturday night, police were dispatched to the famous amusement park in Queensbury, New York, following an alert that a person had fallen from an attraction called the “Sky Ride.”
“The ride is very slow-moving, gondola-style attraction that spans several hundred feet across the park, and had been brought to a stop by the operator after having received a radio transmission from park staff on the ground that a rider was in distress,” the document said.
PHOTOS: 2016’s Most Notable Celebrity Deaths — Prince, Muhammad Ali & More
“The victim fell from the car, striking a tree before landing in a crowd of park guests and employees that had gathered underneath the car in an attempt to catch the victim before she hit the ground.”
Authorities told Radar that the girl is in stable condition with “no serious injuries reported” after being airlifted and treated at Albany Medical Center.
In a puzzling development, detectives found nothing wrong with the ride upon inspection.
“Sheriff’s investigators assisted by park personnel inspected the ride and the car the victim was riding in and found that everything was in proper working order and all safety equipment was intact and operational at the time of the incident,” the police document said.
PHOTOS: A 625lb Mother Who Finally Ate Herself To Death
Sadly, the teen wasn’t the only victim of the horrible accident. A 47-year old from Schenectady, New York, was also “transported to Glens Falls Hospital where he was treated and released for a back injury, suffered as he was attempting to catch the falling victim.”
For updates on the scary incident, keep reading Radar.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n