EXCLUSIVE! Saved By The Bell's Dennis Haskins Dishes About Reprising His Beloved Principal Role For The Dirty Heads' Vacation Vid!/n

Saved By The Bell's Dennis Haskins has no plans to distance himself from his beloved Mr. Belding character.
The industry vet made this fact abundantly clear as he brought the fictional principal to life once more for the Dirty Heads' Vacation music video. Not to mention, Haskins has even thought about what role Belding would play in Kelly, Zack, Lisa, Screech, A.C., and Jessie's lives today.
Related: Golnesa "GG" Gharachedaghi Discusses Her One Month Marriage
The 66-year-old dished EXCLUSIVELY to us: 

"Mr. Belding would still be involved supporting kids in some way. And the students demonstrated equal but unique talents that would lead them to whatever they chose to pursue and be successful. I know that's a little PC but, coming from their roles, I believe it's true."
And for all you Saved By The Bell fans out there, you'll be happy to hear that Dennis is "casually" still "in touch with a couple of the actors." Sadly, the contact between Dennis and his costars isn't THAT often as the former child stars are busy with their "continuing careers" and their "families."
Don't worry, he says he's happy for them all!
While the Dirty Heads' new video has a BUNCH of Saved By The Bell easter eggs, it seems this decision was just the co-directors call. He continued:

"This all came from co-director Ryan Ewing's vision and both his and legendary Wayne Isham's direction. I must say there was so much love for our show represented in this video! Major props."
Major props indeed! Now, it may seem odd to see Mr. Belding in a music video, but it isn't so weird for Dennis to pop up in the music world as he's been surrounded by music for most of his life. Dennis explained:

"I've been blessed to be around music my entire adult life. I booked and managed several bands in the 70's, tried my hand at promoting bands like The James Gang, Tom Jones, and Leon Russell and finally road managed a tour with Gregg Allman in the late 70's which was immediately followed by the reunion of The Allman Brothers Band which I was not part of but got to see come together before my very eyes. It was music history!"
How very rock 'n' roll! On why he chose to be a part of this particular project, the celebrated actor noted that he simply loves "the message" the song sends. Awww. He's clearly still America's favorite principal at his core!
Be sure to ch-ch-check out Haskins' appearance in the Vacation vid for yourself (below).

P.S. Dennis will next appear in a movie titled, Into a Dark Mind AND will have a starring role on Syfy's Trailer Park Shark. Way to go, bud!
[Image via YouTube.]
/n