 Inside ‘Below Deck’ Star Nico’s Tragic Loss: Brother Killed After Horrific Balcony.../n
Tristen Scholly’s death was caused by a tragic accident, RadarOnline.com can exclusively report.
Nico’s brother was found “laying in the alley, unresponsive and with a deep laceration to the forehead” after a night out in Chicago, according to the incident report obtained exclusively by Radar.
READ THE COURT DOCS
The documents stated that Tristen was staying at his brother’s apartment on November 13 after attending a concert. The brother does not appear to be the Below Deck star, as Nico posted a photo from Norman Island around the same time.
Tristen’s brother told the responding officers that he had been drinking heavily at the concert, and he helped Tristen to bed before going out to the bar next door by himself.
“A friend of the victim contacted [redacted] about an hour later and notified [redacted] that the victim had woken up and went outside on the back balcony to smoke a cigarette,” the report read. “He fell from the third floor and landed in the alley.”
PHOTOS: Rock Bottom! Khloe’s Ex Lamar Odom Enters Drug & Alcohol Treatment Program
“It appears that that victim may have hit a dumpster before landing,” the officer noted. “No one had witness the fall and the victim’s friend that discovered the victim was not on scene when R/OS arrived.”
Tristen was immediately rushed to the hospital, and underwent CT scans.
“It was determined that the victim had multiple skull fractures, blood on the brain, and his brain had shifted from the fall,” the report read. “The victim also has a broken left arm.”
PHOTOS: Kourtney K. Debuts Nearly Nude Baby Bump On Mag Cover
Tristen was in “serious condition” the last time officers spoke to his doctor, but Radar reported he passed away shortly after.





 Idk what to say. So here's a pic of me and my brother. This brave amazing guy is donating his lungs, heart, and other organs. He will save 4 different individuals lives. I love u so much
A photo posted by Nico Scholly (@nico_scholly) on Nov 14, 2016 at 7:43pm PST



The 21-year-old will be laid to rest on Friday, and there is currently a GoFundMe page raising money to cover its costs. Any extra money raised will go to the Gift of Hope foundation.
Stay with Radar for more. /n