Autopsy Shocker: New Claims Croc Hunter Was STONED During Fatal Sting Ray Attack!/n
A shocking new autopsy on the body of TV’s “Crocodile Hunter,” Steve Irwin, will reveal the beloved wildlife daredevil was stoned on a powerful hallucinogenic drug when he was fatally stabbed by the foot-long barb of a massive stingray — and didn’t have to die!
That’s the explosive claim by a source close to the Animal Planet hero, who claims that the truth about the star’s Sept. 4, 2006, death at age 44 while filming a documentary was covered up a decade ago.
Now, on the eve of the 10th anniversary of his passing, Steve’s body has been exhumed for a new autopsy after investigators demanded the case be reopened!
PHOTOS: From New Footage To Last Words—20 Secrets & Scandals Surrounding Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin’s Death Revealed
Experts are determined to find out if his horrible death on a reef off Queensland, Australia, was just an “accident” — or foul play.
The insider suspects Irwin was blasted on “organically grown magic mushrooms,” containing the powerful hallucinogen psilocybin, when he chased a 440-pound ray while filming a documentary about the massive fish.
“Steve always mixed pleasure with his business and this film shoot was supposed to be a laidback outing,” said the source.
PHOTOS: 30 Tragic Reality TV Deaths
After downing mushrooms on the boat, “Steve would have been tripping when he got in the water,” the source claimed.
“Instead of avoiding the stingray, he might have thought, ‘Ooh, wow!’ and swam toward the beast, scaring it.”
But it would all end in tragedy. The alarmed ray whipped its stinger, plunging the 12-inch barb into Steve’s chest and piercing his heart. He was pulled back on to the boat, but bled out and died.
PHOTOS: 30 Celebrities Linked To Violent Deaths
“There was nothing that could be done,” said paramedic Darrin Evans. “He had effectively suffered the same kind of wound as a bayonet to the chest.”
The fearless animal chaser — who wrestled crocodiles and giant snakes — was buried in secret just days later in his Queensland zoo following a quickie autopsy.
The coroner noted it was obvious what had killed him, adding that the message from Irwin’s death was, “Don’t get too close to stingrays.”
PHOTOS: Celebrities Found Dead In Famous Hotels
But the autopsy results were never released, and all video footage taken that day was destroyed by the family, claimed the source.
Meanwhile, legal analyst John A. Carman said, “If Steve was negligent by taking magic mushrooms, no one wanted that story coming out.”
“So this smacks of a cover-up. Authorities need to find out if foul play or bad choices led to his demise.”
PHOTOS: Severed Spines, Electrocution & More! The Top 10 Worst Theme Park Accidents Exposed
“With mushrooms, one’s inhibitions are lowered and any sense of peril is eliminated,” he continued. “A lethal situation could have ensued, especially if Steve got aggressive with this animal, as he would with crocodiles and snakes.”
Carman claimed that normal tests wouldn’t have revealed the presence of psilocybin, but a special exam could be performed in a new autopsy.
“If the drug was in him, it’s possible someone dosed him without his knowledge,” said Carman. “But even if he took it willingly, and it led to his death, whoever furnished the drug can be charged with murder.”
PHOTOS: What Happened Here? Celebrity Deaths That Remain A Mystery
“Australia, like America, has no statute of limitations for homicide. “Either way, Carman said. “Steve Irwin did not have to die!” /n