Explosive Anna Nicole Death Files: She Didn't Have To Die!/n
A series of fatal blunders doomed sexpot Anna Nicole Smith to death, and only RadarOnline.com has the blockbuster report detailing the critical errors made during her final moments!
From a disastrous delay in delivering emergency treatment to a faulty medical device, the shocking findings — uncovered during an exhaustive 12-month investigation by Radar — shed disturbing new light on the mysterious death of the tragic diva.
The blond bombshell, a former Guess jeans model, had long made headlines for her bizarre behavior and yo-yoing weight when she collapsed at the Seminole Hard Rock Hotel and Casino in Hollywood, Fla., on Feb. 8, 2007.
PHOTOS: Shootings, Crashes & Overdoses! Celebrity Near-Death Experiences Uncovered
According to the hotel security report obtained by Radar, security supervisor Greg Leonatti responded to suite 607 after Smith’s nurse Tasma Brighthaupt called to report, “She was unable to wake up Ms. Smith, who was laying in bed.”
READ THE FULL REPORT HERE
In the next frantic moments, unable to find a pulse, Leonatti and Smith’s bodyguard, who identified himself as a paramedic, removed her from the bed and laid her on the floor, the report said.
“The bodyguard began doing chest compressions. Ms. Smith’s nurse began doing breaths. Leonatti was constantly checking for a pulse, without detection,” the report said.
PHOTOS: The Curse Of Reality TV — 30 Reality Stars Who Died From Murder, Suicide, Overdoses & More
Hotel medical response technician Pierre Bissainthe arrived in the suite. In a desperate bid to revive her, he used an ammonia capsule, but had “negative results,” the report revealed.
That’s when Leonatti ordered Bissainthe to get a defibrillator to shock her heart into starting with an electric jolt.
“Bissainthe returned with the [automated external defibrillator] machine and attached the defibrillation pads to Ms. Smith’s chest,” the report stated. “The AED machine did not administer a shock.”
PHOTOS: Clinton Body Count? 6 Death Mysteries Linked To Hillary EXPOSED — Kill List Or Conspiracy Theory?
According to the report, hotel staffers handed resuscitation efforts off to the Hollywood Fire and Rescue team that arrived minutes later.
The team transported Smith to Memorial Regional Hospital, where she was pronounced dead.
Smith’s death was ruled an accidental overdose. She was just 39.
PHOTOS: Tragic, Mysterious & Too Weird For Words: 13 Bizarre Hollywood Deaths
The coroner found she was taking nine prescription drugs, including Valium, Ativan, Soma and the sleeping aid chloral hydrate, plus a variety of pain medications and muscle relaxants, including methadone.
But at the time, the former Playboy Playmate of the Year was also preparing for a vicious court battle over the $1.6 billion fortune left by her second husband, Texas oil baron J. Howard Marshall, who died at the age of 90 in 1995.
And her death came just months after her 20-year-old son, Daniel, died in September 2006. He was visiting Smith in her hospital room in the Bahamas.
PHOTOS: 10 Shocking & Unexpected Celebrity Deaths
Although officials ruled both Smiths died of drug overdoses, her mother, Virgie Arthur, and several friends have charged over the years that the two were actually murdered in cold blood.
“Virgie believes the same person is responsible for her grandson’s and her daughter’s deaths,” the late Guess model’s former lover, Mark Fetters, 55, told
Radar.
“Virgie was a sheriff and feels there’s no accident in this.”
And a source told Radar, “Anna identified the people who wanted her dead and told a friend, ‘If I die of an overdose, it won’t be an accident!'”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n