The Camilla Belle Files/n
Camilla Belle, 22, is a true rising star. Last year, she found herself in the spotlight when reports claimed she was dating teen heartthrob and Lovebug video co-star Joe Jonas. Pictures of the pair surfaced, along with Kevin and Nick Jonas, vacationing in Mexico.
Things got complicated when Joe’s ex, 19-year-old country songbird Taylor Swift began telling the press that he left her for Camilla, which he later denied. Most recently, Belle was spotted with Twilight hottie Robert Pattinson.
And then this week, in a high-profile interview, she renounced the vampire flick’s media frenzy.
For Ms. Belle, it’s been quite a roller-coaster.
But it wasn’t always that way. The actress was born in Los Angeles to a Brazilian mother who named her after a Brazilian actress’s character in the soap opera Cavalo de Aço. Despite having such a racy moniker, she was raised in a Catholic household, and attended the Marlborough School, an elite all-girls academy in Los Angeles.
Belle began her career with a small role in the film A Little Princess. Her first lead was in 2000’s Rip Girls, a Disney Channel original. Her breakthrough part came in 2005 working alongside the legendary Daniel Day Lewis in The Ballad of Jack and Rose.
More recently, Camilla’s appeared in 10,000 BC, and she stars in the upcoming release PUSH, a sci-fi thriller about a group of young American ex-pats with telekinetic and clairvoyant powers.
Currently, she’s filming a movie directed by Bruce Willis called Three Stories About Joan.
So what’s her secret? Celebuzz digs up the dish on how to live like Camilla!
Beauty:
Camilla’s style can be classified as elegant and simple. Her complexion always looks flawless and her makeup is understated. She often flaunts a warm sun-kissed complexion, complete with wing-lined eyes and a glossy peach pout. Other times, she’ll glam up her look with scarlet lipstick. Her last name isn’t “Belle” for nothing! Her eyebrows seem flawless, too. In an interview with Latina magazine, she says, “I don’t wax. It slowly damages the skin around your eyebrows, so I’m kind of against it. It’s always either threading or plucking for me.”
Body:
The actress stays in shape by drinking lots of water, and eating healthy.  In an interview with RadioFree Belle says she prepared for her role in When a Stranger Calls with rigorous track training, but she’s more of a dancer. Not an athlete. 
Fashion:
This young gal’s got some serious taste in couture. “I mix it up a bit,” she tells People about her fashion philosophy. “I do a lot of changing!” The fashion forward gal loves labels, and she’s always the Belle of the ball on the red carpet. She’s been spotted in Etro, D&G shorts, Boudicca tops, Gucci, Armani, Marc Jacobs and Luella. A fashion-show junkie to boot, the star was snapped at New York Fahsion Week, the Valentino ’09 Fall Winter Haute Couture fashion show in Paris, and the Phillip Lim Los Angeles Store Opening.
Do you think Camilla is all she’s cracked up to be? Drop a line in the comments section.
/n