Nicole Kidman Says She Had a ‘Beautiful Marriage’ with Tom Cruise/n





                    Nicole Kidman Opens Up About Marrying Tom Cruise at 23 
                







The actress looks back on her 10-year marriage. 

 MORE >>










                    Bella Cruise Opens Up About Her Relationship with Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman
                







She's responding to rumors that she’s not on good terms with her family.

 MORE >>





Though it’s been 27 years since Nicole Kidman first met Tom Cruise, the actress remembers their meeting like it was yesterday.

While appearing on The Jess Cagle Interview, the Academy Award winner recalls audition for 1990’s Days of Thunder. As an up-and-coming actress at the time, Kidman remembered being very star struck when she first saw Cruise, who she eventually ends up marrying a year later.
“I remember walking in, I remember being so nervous and seeing Tom Cruise drive up in a Porsche, I think it was,” she said. “He got out of the car and walked through and I was like, ‘Ah.’ My jaw dropped. Then I had to go in and audition in front of Tony Scott. Sweet Tony. [Producers] Don Simpson, Jerry Bruckheimer, Robert Towne and Tom. I was like, ‘No way, I’m not going to get this.’ They called that afternoon and I had the job.”
She continued, “You know, obviously, [it] changed my life extraordinarily. So grateful for the film, for everything that came with it. It was a big, important part of my life.”


Nicole Kidman's most Memorable Movie Roles








































8 Photos »


Though Kidman and Cruise ended their marriage in 2001 after 10 years together, the former couple still shares their two adopted children: daughter Isabella and Connor Cruise. Kidman is now happily married to country singer Keith Urban with two biological daughters.
“[It was] a beautiful marriage and all of those things that came out of it,” Kidman said of her time with Cruise. “Two beautiful children. The rest is history.”
She added with a laugh, “Do I need to fill in the blanks?”


51 facts you didn't know about tom cruise








































51 Photos »


/n