‘American Horror Story’ Season 6 – Chapter 6 Recap/n





                    Lady Gaga Says Fame Is 'Alienating' and 'Toxic'
                







Fame has allowed Lady Gaga to share her music with the world, and while she's...

 MORE >>





Warning! Spoilers ahead!

With the arrival of the season’s sixth episode comes a pretty gigantic pivot for American Horror Story. Although the game has seriously shifted, there’s no shortage of thrills and chills!
From here on out we’ve left documentary-within-a-show, My Roanoke Nightmare, behind in favor of a reality-show-within-a-show, Return to Roanoke: Three Days in Hell. That’s right, the actors behind the re-enacted show and their real-life counterparts are all going to stay at the big, terrifying house when the blood moon returns. And boy, there’s enough devious behavior and complicated relationships here to fill three haunted houses.


Lady Gaga Cruises to a Meeting in an El Camino








































9 Photos »


Let’s recap all the real-life activities since My Roanoke Nightmare went off the air. The real Shelby (Lily Rabe) hooked up with fake Matt (Cuba Gooding Jr.) while she and real Matt (André Holland) were on the rocks. Fake Shelby (Sarah Paulson) and the actor behind Edward Philippe Mott, Rory (Evan Peters) got hitched. Fake Lee (Angela Bassett) became an alcoholic while portraying real Lee’s (Adina Porter) alcoholism. Oh, and the actress who portrayed the Butcher (Kathy Bates) became obsessed with the villainous character, even having a mental breakdown of sorts. Whew!
Both shows’ creator is a wheeling-dealing schmoozer named Sidney (Cheyenne Jackson) who is pretty unscrupulous when it comes to squeezing as much drama as possible out of his cast of dual players. But before filming on the reality show even begins, a crew member dies in a horrific chainsaw accident, prompting a producer to abandon the show as well. Her terrifying demise while leaving the property is pretty immediate, almost suggesting that leaving once the blood moon has risen is not an easy task.


Lea Michele Poses Topless on the Beach








































16 Photos »


As the actors and the people they portrayed settle into the house egos flare and a genuine reality-show atmosphere settles in. The two Matts battle it out, the Lees trade barbed comments, and Audrey (Paulson) and Rory (Peters) go at it like jackrabbits.
In this episode, the show reveals that everyone in the house is going to die, save for one. And as the episode draws to a close, the vengeful nurses take their next victim – Rory – completing their gruesome message scrawled on the wall: “Murder.”
Although Bates’ deranged actress character is likely going to be dropping by to terrorize the house’s inhabitants, a new terrifying realization has to be addressed: we haven’t met the real Butcher yet…
Until next week!


	Sarah Paulson Talks 'American Crime Story' on 'IMDb Asks'








































28 Photos »


/n