Bill Cosby's Former Mistress Reveals Shocking Rape Claim: 'I Was Dizzy'/n
In the hit new show, Bill Cosby: An American Scandal, Cosby’s former mistress and alleged rape victim Shawn Brown reveals the moment her relationship with the famed comedian took a terrifying turn.
Though the pair started out as friends, Brown — then named Shawn Berkes — claims Cosby propositioned her one evening in a nightclub after hours of dancing.
“I asked him, ‘But aren’t you married?’ And he said ‘yes but my wife stays home with my children and that’s the arrangement that we have,'” she revealed. “I didn’t question him any further because I didn’t think that was my business.”
PHOTOS: ‘We Want To Seek Justice!’ Philly DA Vows To Reveal ‘Truth’ About Cosby Sex Assault
“My sex life with Bill was just part of our friendship, it had evolved into a sexual relationship — it was consensual,” she continued.
Shawn and Cosby continued an affair for 10 months, until one weekend in 1973.
“The night that the tone of the relationship changed for me was the night that I went up to his house in Beverly Hills. . .and he had fixed me a drink,” Brown said. “No matter where we went in the house, he kept carrying this drink with him and saying ‘Here, drink this. Drink this.’ And I kept saying, I don’t want anymore.’ It just had a funny taste to me”
HOTOS:Bill Cosby Spotted At Court As Sexual Assault Case Begins
“I was sitting there kinda of rocking,” Brown added. “I was getting dizzy.”
As Radar readers know, Brown previously claimed Cosby was the father of her love child, Autumn Jackson.
In 1997, Jackson was arrested on extortion charges for demanding Cosby pay her $24 million over claims she was his daughter.
“When news of the arrest first broke, Cosby’s spokesmen insisted that he barely knew Jackson,” author Mark Whitaker previously wrote in Cosby: His Life And Times. “They admitted that he had paid for Autumn’s college tuition for a year and set up a fund for other expenses, but they described her as just one of the hundreds of young people Cosby had helped put through school.”
PHOTOS: ‘Cosby’ Actress Secretly Told Cops About Unwanted ‘Sexual Contact’ With Bill — Read The Shocking Police Report
When questioned by Dan Rather for a TV interview, however, Cosby admitted he had has sex with Brown and that there was “a possibility” he was Jackson’s father.
With exclusive interviews and insider details, Investigation Discovery uncovers shocking family drama and examines the allegations that brought about the comedian’s epic fall from grace .
Bill Cosby: An American Scandal premieres Monday on Investigation Discovery at 9pm ET.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n