‘I’m On The Run, I’m Scared’: Alec Baldwin’s Alleged Stalker Gives First Interview, Says She Feels Like a ‘Hunted Animal’/n





                    Alec Engaged
                







Alec Baldwin and Hilaria Thomas are getting hitched!

 MORE >>










                    Alec's Ring Bling
                







See Hilaria's engagement ring!

 MORE >>










                    AA Responds to Alec
                







American Air on the Alec Baldwin situation.

 MORE >>





 Things have taken a turn for the worse for Genevieve Sabouri, the woman accused of stalking 30 Rock actor Alec Baldwin.
In an interview with the Journal de Montreal (via the NY Post), the 40-year-old French-Canadian actress gave a detailed — and slightly paranoid — account of what life has been like for her since she first made worldwide headlines, admitting she feels like a “hunted animal.”

“I’m on the run, I’m scared, nothing is clear. I pay for everything in  cash so I don’t leave a trace. Imagine if the press finds me while I’m  on the move, I don’t want to turn into Lady Diana on the road,” she said.
Sabouri, who has a whopping five charges against her, reportedly went into hiding at a Best Western in Nyack, NY, following her April 8 arrest, in which she was accused of trying to enter Baldwin’s West Village home.
“I was paralyzed the first days,” she said. “When fatigue hit me, the tears came out.”
The incident, which was reportedly catalyzed by the news that Baldwin got engaged to Hilaria Thomas, launched a media firestorm — not to mention a series of cryptic tweets from Baldwin, who implied he was leaving 30 Rock after the TODAY show allegedly showed up to his apartment unannounced.
“I think I’m leaving NBC just in time,” he said in a series of rants. (Baldwin has since confirmed that he will remain with 30 Rock through season 7.)
Sabouri met Baldwin on the set of the 2002 film The Adventures of Pluto Nash, and claims they subsequently engaged in a physical relationship. Baldwin has since shot down her allegations, saying their relationship was strictly professional and that he was just trying to help her find roles.
Sabouri is due back in court on May 14.


alec baldwin and hilaria thomas share a kiss in rome








































9 Photos »


/n