Charlie Hunnam Is Playing A Mexican Drug Lord — And Twitter Isn't Happy About It! Find Out What People Are Saying!/n

Since the #OscarsSoWhite controversy ignited this month, tons celebs have started a dialogue about the lack of diversity in Hollywood.
And this discussion couldn't come at a worse time for Charlie Hunnam, who was just cast to play a Mexican-American drug lord in an upcoming biopic!
The Sons Of Anarchy star will take on the lead role in American Drug Lord, based on the life of Edgar Valdez Villarreal.
Often known as "La Barbie" due to his light skin, blue eyes, and blond hair, the Texas native went on to become the only U.S. citizen to possess a leadership position in the Mexican drug cartel!
Related: Charlie Talks Crying Over Having To Leave 50 Shades Of Grey!
But Twitter isn't too happy about the British hunk playing someone of Mexican descent — understandably so, since we're at a point where stars feel the need to protest award shows for not properly representing minority talent.
Hollywood white washing is far from a rarity these days. Just this week, Joseph Fiennes was tapped to play Michael Jackson in a road trip drama.
And let's not forget last year when Emma Stone played a Chinese-Hawaiian character in Aloha!
Even though Valdez Villarreal was known for his blue eyes and blonde hair, social media thinks the studio should have cast, well, NOT a British white dude to play a Mexican character!
Read the tweets (below)! 

Charlie Hunnam as La Barbie in "American Drug Lord". Who is gonna play El Chapo? Ben Affleck? https://t.co/0Yckucfxb6
— Maiah Ocando (@MaiahOcando) January 26, 2016

The fact that the Joseph Fiennes & Charlie Hunnam whitewashing announcements are made during #OscarsSoWhite campaign says a whole lot.
— Lexi Alexander (@Lexialex) January 27, 2016

Charlie Hunnam to play Mexican-American drug lord; Joseph Fiennes to play Michael Jackson. It's only fair: Cheech Marin plays Martin Shkreli
— Hector Becerra (@hbecerraLATimes) January 27, 2016


Charlie Hunnam can play Mexican-American Edgar Valdez & Joseph Fiennes can play Michael Jackosn, but Idris Elba can't play Bond?
— LaToya Allen (@HashtagLaToya) January 27, 2016


Hollywood: Quick to find Latinos to play drug dealers as background characters but will cast a white man for the lead / to play El Barbie. 😡
— Gladys (@UsagiMylene) January 27, 2016


edgar valdez villarreal when he found out charlie hunnam was cast to portray him pic.twitter.com/b2T8anMIyX
— J. Escobedo Shepherd (@jawnita) January 24, 2016
What do YOU think??
[Image via AP Images/Cousart/JFXimages/WENN.]
/n