Wait… Did The Latest Walking Dead Trailer Accidentally Just SAVE Someone From Negan?!/n

***WARNING: The Walking Dead Spoilers Ahead***
Swing and a miss.
Despite airing arguably the worst season finale ever last Spring, The Walking Dead's Season Seven debut is still the most anticipated premiere of the year.
As it turns out, the one benefit of upsetting your entire legion of fans with an unnecessary cliffhanger is ensured ratings when everyone tunes in to see who dies… but the zombified cat may be out of the bag. Sort of.
Photo: Every Walking Dead Character We've Lost… So Far!
That's because in an effort to keep the offed character's identity a secret, AMC may have just accidentally revealed a positive fate for one of the possible victims!
You've probably already seen the newest trailer out of TWD… but now that it's been out for a couple of hours, diehard fans have already unearthed a potential spoiler.
Apparently, at the 21-second mark, a profile can be seen matching a character whom many theorized would be getting the brunt of Negan's (Jeffrey Dean Morgan) attack… 

Abraham (Michael Cudlitz)!!!
Sure, the nose and brow seem a tad off… but that hair and 'stache can't simply be a coincidence, right?! Michael's stunt double, perhaps?!?
While this doesn't necessarily guarantee Abe will survive Lucille — ie. flashbacks, unused footage, complete misdirect, etc… — if he's one of the 13 potential deaths, why include the scene at all?!
Related: TWD's Abraham Compares Donald Trump To Negan!
Although, if fans had already guessed the death(s) correctly beforehand… we'd probably be inclined to feature the formerly employed actors in the promotional material as well.
Ch-ch-check out the latest trailer for The Walking Dead and decide for yourself (below)!!!

Everything you have belongs to Negan now. #TWD returns Sunday, October 23.
https://t.co/uQxdBACQvI
— The Walking Dead AMC (@WalkingDead_AMC) September 5, 2016
Hmm…
Who do U think will die when The Walking Dead premieres Sunday, October 23 at 9 p.m. EST on AMC??
[Image via AMC.]
/n