Bombshell Emails: Kesha's Management Team Called Singer 'Abusive' & 'Nuts'/n
Kesha and Dr. Luke‘s bitter legal battle is a two-way street! New emails filed in court on Tuesday reveal Kesha’s management team previously dubbed the singer as abusive, too much to handle, and nuts.
Dr. Luke, who has accused the singer of defamation and breach of contract, hit back against Kesha using the slew of emails to ask a New York judge to deny the 29-year-old’s abuse lawsuit, which his legal team described as “baseless arguments in a transparent and unavailing attempt” to get out of her exclusive recording contract.
“Kesha’s effort to paint [Dr. Luke, aka Lukasz Gottwald] as ‘abusive’ is a damaging fiction that conceals what is really going on,” lawyer Jeffry Movit wrote in the new court documents.
PHOTOS: Kesha Brushes Off Nasty Lawsuit In Sexy Bikini — Inside Her Romantic Getaway
Indeed, the emails paint a different picture of Kesha’s behavior, revealing the frustration her team experienced throughout the hit-maker’s turbulent career kick-off.
One email from road manager Emily Burton — complete with the subject line Today so far – help! — sent on May 31, 2010 from Japan reveals a confrontation she had with the “Tik Tok” singer, Buzzfeed reports.
“She came downstairs (45 minutes late) and pulled me out of the van to scream at me while sobbing saying ‘there is a time and place and it isn’t 7:30 in the morning!” Burton wrote. “I need y’all to help me here. At least talk to her. I know she is crazy but she is also abusive and ignorant of my role…She can be such a kid but a kid off her rocker is the worst kind of kid.”
PHOTOS: Emotional Kesha Gets Comfort From Boyfriend As Lady Gaga Urges Sony To Fire Dr. Luke
Burton ended the email by asking how she could come home early.
Co-president of Vector Management, Jack Rovner, chimed in on another email chain regarding the singer in 2010, saying: “she really sounds like someone who is doing drugs. so erratic. a couple of hours all is going well now she wants to dump the whole lot. this doesn’t feel right even with kesha standards.”
Another rep on Kesha’s management team responded with: “she is [sic] nuts.”
“Just know that she is crazy,” Vector Management’s Ken Levitan warned in an email on May 31, 2010.
PHOTOS: 6 More Albums With Alleged Rapist — Inside Kesha’s Allegations Against Dr. Luke
Things escalated in another discourse dated June 17, 2016, when Nicki Loranger wrote Rovner regarding Kesha’s alleged erratic behavior: “I still need to have a larger conversation with you about Kesha. . .”[she] abuses the shit out of [Tessa, Kesha’s personal assistant], but it is totally not working.”
“She can’t control Kesha at all, everyone in the crew and band are calling me complaining, Kesha’s basically just gone rogue,” Loranger added.
Story developing.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n