Netflix Totally Lied To Us About Stranger Things Getting Renewed Last Month!/n

Well this is just strange…
Netflix had a surprise hit on its hands when Stranger Things immediately became one of its Top 3 most watched original shows following its July premiere.
As such, the nostalgia-driven Internet was overjoyed when The Duffer Brothers' sci-fi series was officially picked up for a second season a little over a month ago!
Photo: Stranger Things' Steve Just Met Parks & Rec's Jean-Ralphio IRL
Except it didn't just get renewed…
Apparently, Season Two was already given the greenlight before Season One even premiered!
Matt and Ross Duffer sat down with The Hollywood Reporter on Wednesday to discuss the strangest fan theories surrounding Eleven, Will, Barb, and the rest of the gang… but accidentally ended up spilling Netflix's big secret, saying: 

MD: "When everyone was going, 'Is there going to be a second season?' we had been writing the entire time. So we've been working on this almost all Summer."
RD: "It drove me crazy. 'Please, can't we just tell everyone we're doing a second season?!'"
MD: "Netflix has its mysterious ways, but it actually ended up working because it had built up to this fever pitch. I guess that's what they were intending to do all the time."
Tricky, tricky. Way to play coy, Netflix!
There are even rumors around town that every Netflix original is guaranteed two seasons!
Hmm… We were wondering how they were so quick to release the second batch of nine episode titles!
Related: Barb Is Leaving The Upsidedown In Favor Of The CW's Riverdale
And speaking of Season Two… what do Matt and Ross think about that teaser they've already dropped??

MD: "Netflix had another teaser, but it was about going back to stuff that had happened already. I thought it wasn't exciting enough, and we wanted to provide some hint of where we were going in season two without giving anything away. I do think some of the titles will change. There were titles we didn't want to put on there because we felt like it would give too much away. The whole season was already broken when we did this."
RD: "So we did have a lot that we could tease."
MD: "Even if they aren't the final chapter titles, everything in that teaser is major. But they're ambiguous enough that no one is going to be able to figure it out."
We can't wait!
Still, we're just glad we'll be getting more Winona Ryder & Co. in a few months' time… regardless if we were lied to.
Will U be watching when Stranger Things returns for Season Two in late 2017 on Netflix??
[Image via Netflix.]
/n