EXCLUSIVE! Who Will Replace Cee Lo on The Voice? Jewel Is Game! Jewel has just the right person to fill Cee Lo Green's spot on The Voice: herself! The Sing-Off judge told E! News she'd be down for taking a spin in the big red Voice.../n
Jewel has just the right person to fill Cee Lo Green's spot on The Voice: herself!The Sing-Off judge told E! News she'd be down for taking a spin in the big red Voice chairs following Cee Lo's exit. When asked who the best person to take over for Cee Lo is, Jewel said, "Probably me is the best answer. You know, that's the best person I can think of!""I always loved Cee Lo. He has such a fun and warm personality to have on the show and I loved his musical choices," Jewel said at the Swiffer Sweep and Trap event in New York City. "I liked that he has sort of this punk rock attitude. He just wants something real, whoever you are."

CeeLo announced his exit from The Voice during an interview with Ellen DeGeneres."I'm not coming back at all," he said. "I just don't want to wear out my welcome there, you know what I'm saying? I have so many other things that I want to do. I haven't released an album in four years. I'm almost done with my album."Jewel has extensive experience with reality TV singing competitions. The "Who Will Save Your Soul?" singer previously judged Nashville Star, Platinum Hit and most recently, The Sing-Off.

NEWS: The Voice Season 6 First Look: Watch the Cover of Miley Cyrus' "Wrecking Ball" That Turns All 4 Chairs Now!

"I love The Voice. I got to be a mentor on The Voice and I really like what they do. I really like that the talent gets to be mentored," she said.Jewel told E! News she would love to see the mentoring go beyond the actual show and include helping with decisions about things regarding record deals and other industry dealings. "[I]f all it took was being a great singer, then there would be so many more celebrities from these shows," she said. "But there are not very many 'cause it takes a lot more than being a great singer."The Voice season six kicks off with Adam Levine, Shakira, Blake Shelton and Usher on Monday, Feb. 24 at 8 p.m. on NBC.—Reporting by Jennifer Cooper(E! and NBC are both part of the NBCUniversal family.)
/n