Fifth Harmony Cancels EVEN MORE 7/27 Tour Dates & Harmonizers Aren't Happy About It!/n

Harmonizers may not be happy to hear this!
On Monday, news surfaced that the ladies of Fifth Harmony canceled even more stops on their 7/27 world tour. Eek!
As you may recall, the X Factor alums dropped the last final four stops from the U.S. leg of their tour back in August — including shows in Auburn, Washington, Ridgefield, Washington, San Diego, and Las Vegas. At the time, the women gave little to no explanation as to why they called it quits on the shows. And it seems the girlband has created an upset again, only this time for the European leg of their tour, as it's said they've pulled out of SIX of their scheduled concerts in Berlin and Munich, Germany, Geneva and Zurich, Switzerland and Marseille, France.
Related: Camila Cabello Exits Concert Early Due To Anxiety
Uh oh! Again, 5H has yet to issue a statement on why they've backed out of these performances. One unverified Twitter account which updates fans about Fifth Harmony's tour simply wrote: 

Fifth Harmony's #727Tour shows in Berlin, Munich & Marseille have been cancelled. There is no explanation or reason so far.
— Fifth Harmony WWS (@FifthHarmonyWWS) September 12, 2016
Oof! Obviously, fans aren't thrilled with the cancellations as they've since taken to the social media site to voice their frustrations (below).

WHY DID THEY CANCEL MY DATE ?!!!! @FifthHarmony I WAS SUPPOSED TO SEE U GUYS ON OCTOBER 19TH IN GENEVA AND T SAYS ITS BEEN CANCELED ?!!
— Go figure. (@LaurenJ27_96) September 12, 2016


I paid 500€ for coming to Zurich (given that you do not come to Italy) and now you canceled the show? WTF? @FifthHarmony #727EuropeTour
— CarlottaPittari (@carlottapittar1) September 12, 2016


@FifthHarmony please explain all these canceled shows, we just wanna know what's up
— SHOOK (@lausereguii) September 12, 2016
Yikes! Of course, this latest update comes amid the rumors that there is feuding amongst the ladies.
What do YOU think? Is 5H nearing the end?
SOUND OFF in the comments (below)!
/n