Stephen Colbert Retires Character, Introduces ‘Identical Twin Cousin’  /n





                    Elizabeth Banks Notes Similarities Between Donald Trump and ‘Hunger Games’ Character Effie Trinket at DNC
                







The dazzling actress had some biting comedy for the Republican presidential nominee.

 MORE >>





It’s the end of an era (but kinda not at all).

With the arrival of the Republican Nation Convention and the Democratic National Convention came the reemergence of Stephen Colbert’s beloved Comedy Central persona, “Stephen Colbert.” But apparently, this attracted the ire of some powerful entities, prompting to the late-night host to introduce a new guy on his team…
“You know who didn’t enjoy it so much? Corporate lawyers,” he said. “Because, and this is true, immediately after that show, CBS’s top lawyer was contacted by the top lawyer from another company to say that the character ‘Stephen Colbert’ is their intellectual property, which is surprising because I never considered that guy much of an intellectual. So it is with a heavy heart that I announce that, thanks to corporate lawyers, the character of ‘Stephen Colbert,’ host of The Colbert Report, will never be seen again.” Adding, “Instead, joining me now live via satellite from Philadelphia please welcome Stephen Colbert’s identical twin cousin, Stephen Colbert.”
Clad in a red, white and blue short-sleeve button-down shirt and brandishing a furrowed brow, his new, incredibly familiar-looking guest introduced himself.


Meryl Streep Wears American Flag Outfit to Support Hillary Clinton








































6 Photos »


All this hilarious legwork is a big middle finger to the legal precedent that he can’t dust off an alter ego he created at another network.
And, to add insult to injury, the funnyman reprised a segment from his Comedy Central show, “The Word.” But because Colbert must bob and weave with corporate lawyers, the segment is now called “The Werd.” The phrase he wished to explore last night was The Lesser of Two Evils, where he took the opportunity to break down that much of this presidential election is not about voting for someone you like, but stopping someone you loathe. Colbert then made a case for pragmatism.
“You might have to vote for a person you don’t really want,” he said. “But it’s better than getting the person you really don’t want.”


Copy Michelle Obama's DNC Waves








































6 Photos »


/n