Prince William and Prince Harry Are Getting a Statue of Princess Diana for Kensington Palace/n





                    Prince William Honors Princess Diana
                







He's continuing his late mother's legacy.

 MORE >>










                    This Prince Harry Interview About Princess Diana Will Make You Cry
                







"All I want to do is make my mother incredibly proud."

 MORE >>





Prince William and Prince Harry have commissioned a statue of their late mother, Princess Diana, almost 20 years after her death.

The piece will stand in the public gardens of Kensington Palace, according to a press release. In addition to raising the funds privately to finance the artwork, the Princes have formed a committee to help select a sculptor and work with Historic Royal Palaces on the statue’s installation.
“It has been twenty years since our mother’s death and the time is right to recognize her positive impact in the UK and around the world with a permanent statue,” the brothers said in a statement. “Our mother touched so many lives. We hope the statue will help all those who visit Kensington Palace to reflect on her life and her legacy.”
Though the date of the unveiling has not been announced, it’s said that Prince William and Prince Harry hope the statue will make its public debut before the end of the year.


Princess Diana's Best Moments with Prince William and Prince Harry








































13 Photos »


Princess Diana passed away in a tragic car accident in August 1997. At the time, William was 15 and Harry was 12.
“All I want to do is make my mother incredibly proud,” Harry said in a People interview last year. “That’s all I’ve ever wanted to do.”
“When she died, there was a gaping hole, not just for us but also for a huge amount of people across the world,” he continued. “If I can try and fill a very small part of that, then job done. I will have to, in a good way, spend the rest of my life trying to fill that void as much as possible. And so will William.”


Prince Charles and Princess Diana Introduce Prince William


































5 Photos »


/n