of Trista's rejects from The Bachelorette, Bob Guiney,got his own time in the love-finding spotlight, but he didn't end up proposing to his winner, Estella Gardinier. He did, however, give her a promise ring, which is only one of t.../n
Rachel Lindsay may have successfully found love on The Bachelorette, but her engagement to Bryan Abasolo wasn't the only thing to come out of season 13 for her. "I think what's shocked me the most is the platform that I've had," Lindsay told E! News' Zuri Hall. "How I've been a role model for young women whether it's professionally, or younger girls, or African American girls. That's something I didn't expect, and that's been really beautiful." Even in her position as the first black Bachelorette—which she calls "humbling"—Rachel says she didn't set out to be a role model. "I did this selfishly to find love, but at the same time, I've been able to represent myself as an African American woman, and that's been beautiful." 

Lindsay and Abasolo got engaged on Monday's season finale of The Bachelorette, and during a conference call with reporters on Monday, Abasolo admitted that part of what he loves about Rachel is how much everybody seems to love her. "What nobody got to see was I believe in our second encounter at the mansion, I told Rachel that she's so easy to talk to, every single guy in that house would walk away from a conversation with her thinking they were getting a rose because it went so great," he said. "And I just think that's a tribute to, you know, Rachel's genuineness and the fact that, you know, everybody gets along with her; it's like America loves her, it's like she really has a halo on top of her head.  She has this aura about her that everybody loves her." Bryan revealed that his song with Rachel is "Halo" by Beyonce, and that halo he imagined on Rachel's head was partly why he chose an engagement ring with a halo of diamonds. All together now: Awwww!For a refresher on how other Bachelor and Bachelorette finales ended, keep on scrolling! 

The Bachelorette will return in 2018 on ABC. 
/n