'Police Just Shot My Boyfriend!' Watch Bloody Cop Killing At Minnesota Traffic Stop/n
A graphic video of a man being brutally killed by police on Wednesday surfaced on Facebook just hours after the Alton Sterling shooting, RadarOnline.com has learned.
Philando Castile was shot in front of his girlfriend and her child after a traffic stop in Falcon Heights – a St. Paul, Minnesota suburb.
The woman recording the video can be heard saying, “police just shot my boyfriend for no apparent reason.”
Castile, just 32, can be seen bleeding from his wounds in the disturbing, 10-minute long video. While it is unclear how long he had been shot before his girlfriend began filming, he eventually slumps over and is presumed to be dead.
PHOTOS: 30 Tragic Reality TV Deaths
“I told him not to reach for it. I told him to get his hand out!” the cop shouts after telling the woman to keep her hands up.
“You shot four bullets into him, sir,” she responds. “He was just getting his license and registration, sir.”
In the video, the woman claims that Castile has a license to carry the handgun that was later recovered from the scene. She claims that he was trying to get the documentation, along with his ID, from his pocket to show it to the officer.
Not long after, she was asked to step out of the car and get on her knees.
PHOTOS: 30 Celebrities Linked To Violent Deaths
“Please don’t tell me he’s gone! Please no,” she can be heard crying after officers escorted her out of the vehicle to be “detained” until they “get this all sorted out.”
Jon Mangseth, the interim police chief in St. Anthony, told the Los Angeles Times that he is unsure of what prompted the traffic stop to begin with but did confirm that there were shots fired after the victim was pulled over just at 9 p.m.
Castile died just minutes after arriving Hennepin County Medical Center, his uncle Clarence Castile told the Star Tribune.
He also said that the 32-year old was a “good kid” who worked in the J.J. Hill School cafeteria “cooking for little kids” for over a decade.
Protesters quickly gathered in front of the governor’s mansion and demanded that Gov. Mark Dayton take action.
As Radar previously reported, police killed Alton Sterling in Baton Rouge, Louisiana just one day before Castile’s untimely death.
With two fatal shootings in just two days, the public outcry has grown even more.
Nekima Levy-Pounds, the president of the Minneapolis NAACP, told protesters “I’m tired of the laws and policies on the books being used to justify murder – this is completely unacceptable. Somebody say, `Enough is Enough.'”
Story developing. /n