Britney Dumped by Isaac - Over the Phone/nLook out, world – Britney's single again. And the guy who dumped her, Isaac Cohen, says she's been  "a bit much " for his taste.Britney got the bad news Sunday night, reports OK!, while she was in New York and Isaac was in L.A., -- over the phone. The pair had been together since mid-December, and Isaac was Britney's first boy since she split from Kevin Federline on November 7. According to a friend, Isaac has been  "looking to get out " for some time, because it was  "a bit much for him ... it was too much of a whirlwind. " And now, speculates the mag, Isaac will resume his utterly anonymous existence,  "riding his dirt bike " and focusing on  "his career. " As for Britney, it's back into the fishbowl for another catch.  Jessica Snatches Role from Lindsay The claws just got a little sharper in the Lindsay Lohan /Jessica Biel catfight. As TMZ told you first, Lindsay opted out of the plum role of Hester Worsley in  "A Woman of No Importance " to focus on her rehab. And now, reports In Touch, Jessica Biel will be taking the role that Lindsay vacated; the move certainly won't quell the burgeoning catfight between the two starlets. You'll remember that last year, Lindsay's assistant quit Lindsay to go work for Jessica, which ignited a nasty scene at a New York party when Lindsay saw her ex-assistant with Biel. The film, which also stars Annette Bening and Sean Bean, will start filming this spring. Reichen & Lance's Homewrecker Speaks Out The guy who hooked up with Reichen Lehmkuhl at an Atlanta hotel -- and who broke up Reichen's relationship with Lance Bass -- tells Life & Style that he never meant for things to end so badly.  "I honestly can't believe this has escalated to the point where they split up, " says Davis Mallory who, like Lehmkuhl, is a reality show vet, having appeared in  "The Real World: Denver. " A mag insider says that after a Reichen book signing, Davis and Reichen met at Atlanta's Wet Bar, and then ended up in Reichen's hotel room. Bass read about the hookup on the Internet -- and that was that.  Xtina's X-Rated Sundays  Christina Aguilera and her husband Jordan Bratman have devised a novel way to get through those long, tough Sundays – no clothes. The singer tells Ellen DeGeneres on her talk show today that she and Bratman spend their Sundays  "just with each other, " so they  "do everything naked. We cook naked. " Aguilera has been quoted frequently about her seemingly blissful marriage, but she admits to Ellen that even after just a year,  "You have to keep marriage alive, spice it up. " Ellen provided a note of caution for the naked cooking –  "Nothing with grease – that could splatter. " To which Ms. Aguilera rather deftly replied,  "Well, unless you want the grease. " Party Favors: Tila Tequila Dumps Jared Leto ... Mary Louise Parker Offers Graham Crackers to Smoke ... Wal-Mart Launches Movie Download Service MySpace darling Tila Tequila has deleted Jared Leto as a friend, report Rush & Molloy. The Internet temptress, who claims to have had a relationship with Leto for several years, says she's done with the actor, though Leto has continually denied any relationship. ...  "Weeds " star Mary Louise Parker tells Ben Widdicombe that she gets solicited, like her TV alter-ego, for drugs, but all she tends to have are graham crackers, which she suggests rolling and smoking for a fix. ... Wal-Mart continues its domination of every aspect of home and human existence, as it announced yesterday that it would start a movie-download service with more than 3,000 films from all the major studios./n