Krystle Campbell ‘Loved People’ And Was ‘Always Smiling’/n
Krystle Campbell of Medford, Mass., has been identified as the second fatal victim in Monday’s bombings at the Boston Marathon.
As Campbell’s family comes to grips with their unbelievable loss, they want to remember her as the woman she really was — the funny and loving 29-year-old who would do anything for her family and friends.
“She was a very loving, happy person,” her grandmother Lillian Campbell told Celebuzz exclusively.
“She loved people and she loved to talk to people. She was a happy-go-lucky girl.”
Lillian remembers the selfless granddaughter who lived with her — and nursed her back to health — for a year and a half.
“When I was sick, she took care of me,” she said. “Any time I called her, she was here. She would take off work then go back to work.
“She volunteered to anyone who needed help. She loved people and would go out of her way for them.
“She was my No. 1 granddaughter. I have three grandchildren, but I was close to Krystle. She would always come over unannounced, even if it was for 5 or 10 minutes. She made the time to see me.”
The last time Lillian spoke with Krystle, who worked as a manager of nearby restaurant, was last Thursday.
“She didn’t mention the marathon, but she went every year and she looked forward to it – and then this had to happen to her.”
“We used to have such good times together as a family, laughing and carrying on.”
Krystle’s father, William Campbell Jr., she said had to identify her body today.
According to Yahoo! News, Krystle was waiting at the finish line alongside a friend Karen Rand, to cheer on her boyfriend, who was running the race.
“My daughter was the most lovable girl. She helped everybody, and I’m just so shocked right now,” William told Yahoo! News. “We’re just devastated. She was a wonderful, wonderful girl. Always willing to lend a hand.”
Now, Krystle’s grandmother is more concerned for her grieving son.
“I’m just worried about him because he’s not a well man,” Lillan said. “He’s been laid-up and not able to work. And she’s very close to her father. I don’t know what he’ll do without her. She’d do anything for him. She was so good to her mother, father and brother.”
However, Lillian is comforted to know that all Americans are mourning alongside her family.
“It hasn’t sunk in to me yet, except when I see her picture,” she said.
“The minute they see her face on TV, they’ll know Krystle. She looks so happy. She was always smiling.
More than 170 people were wounded in the explosions that tragically took three lives, including first victim, 8-year-old Martin Richard.
The third victim has not yet been identified.
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n