One Life to Live Star Nathaniel Marston Critically Injured, Could Be Paralyzed After Car Accident/n
Soap opera star Nathaniel Marston is currently in critical condition after he was injured in a serious car accident this weekend, his mother says.  
Elizabeth Jackson first wrote a Facebook post about the accident Saturday.  
“Please pray for my son Nathaniel Marston,” she wrote. “He was in a car accident last night and is in the intensive care on life support. Back and neck broken in several places. Other internal injuries. Please pray that he will recover and walk again.”  
Jackson then posted another update about his condition and maintained that her 40-year-old son, who has a troubled past, was not under the influence of drugs or alcohol at the time of the accident.  
“Just spoke to highway patrol and tribal police,” she wrote. “In case rumor mill gets going. Nate was sober according to cops.”  
Jackson asked for prayers that her son does not end up a paraplegic, adding that all of his ribs, shoulder and neck are broken and that he fractured several neck vertebrae.  
She also said Marston suffered a collapsed lung and pneumonia.   
A few hours later, Jackson said she had spoken to her son’s doctor and wrote that in all likelihood “if he lives he will be paralyzed from the neck down and will not breathe without a ventilator machine.”  
“Oh my God please give me strength,” she added.  
Marston, who is best known for his role as Michael McBain on One Life to Live for six years, has also appeared on Castle, Blue Bloods and White Collar.  
The actor has admitted to anger-management issues in the past, telling Soap Opera Weekly in 2003 that if someone picked on him in school, he would “explode: Boom! It was fierce and violent.”  
In 1999, while starring on the now-defunct As the World Turns, the actor made headlines after he was arrested and charged with criminal mischief for attacking an ATM in Manhattan. He was let go from that show roughly one month later.   
In October 2007, Marston was arrested for attacking three people with a crate in New York City, breaking one man’s leg. Police at the time said he was kicking and flailing at arresting officers. He was then taken to Bellevue Hospital to treat scrapes and bruises and was later charged with second-degree assault, menacing, reckless endangerment and resisting arrest.  
In November 2007, a spokesperson for One Life to Live confirmed Marston had been let go from the ABC soap, which is no longer airing.   
“Nathaniel Marston has been a valuable member of the cast of One Life to Live bringing Michael McBain to life for legions of fans,” the spokesperson said, according to SoapCentral.com. “He leaves the show with our sincere appreciation for his many contributions and our support as he addresses personal challenges. We wish him well.”   
Marston also released a statement regarding his dismissal: “I don’t think of this as an ending, but rather the beginning of a new chapter in my life. Your support and encouragement have meant the world to me and have buoyed my spirits in a trying time. I know that my absence from the show will be a disappointment to many of you, so if you’re upset by this turn of events, let the decision-makers at ABC hear your voice. I would also like to thank those of my co-workers at One Life to Live who took the time to get in touch with me to offer friendship and prayers. You know who you are and let me just say that you are amazing people and I will never forget your compassion.”
/n