 Like Father, Like Son? Bruce Jenner's Son Burt Has History Of Dangerous Driving -- Multiple.../n
Bruce Jenner’s fatal car crash in Malibu last month was sadly just the latest in a series of auto incidents for his family. As RadarOnline.com reported, his brother Burt was killed in a car wreck years ago. And now, Radar can reveal, his son, also named Burt, has a long history of driving mishaps and arrests dating back more than ten years!
According to court documents obtained by Radar, the oldest brother to Brandon, 33, and Brody, 31, served jail time after being arrested multiple times for driving-related incidents, which included driving without a license four times, driving with no insurance and speeding violations.
On June 23, 2004, Jenner was stopped by cops and later charged [in August of that year] for driving without a license, failure to provide proof of insurance and improper use/ registration of a “semitrailer, pole or pipe dolly or logging dolly.” He was found guilty of the first count and sentenced to 36 months summary probation and a $1,226 fine. Jenner was found guilty in the second count and sentenced to 47 hours of community service, and ordered to pay a $200 fine. The third count, regarding the registration, was dismissed.
PHOTOS: Inside Bruce Jenner’s TRANSformation: See His Drastic Changes Throughout The Years
Then, just one month later, on July 16, 2004, Jenner was stopped by officers again and later charged [in September of that year] with driving with a suspended license and speeding. After he failed to appear in court, a warrant was issued, but those counts were later dismissed.
However, the DA added counts to the case on August 16, 2004: 2 counts of DUI and 1 count of driving with a suspended license. Jenner was found guilty of the latter two and had to pay a fine, along with three-years of summary probation. Eventually, the first count was dismissed as part of a plea deal and Jenner was ordered to attend a three-month alcohol and counseling treatment program.
That was not enough to stop Jenner from getting into trouble on the road. On May 22, 2005, he was pulled over by police and charged [in July of that year] with driving with a suspended license and failure to provide proof of insurance. On September 15, 2005, he failed to show up for a court date and a $15,000 bench warrant was issued.
PHOTOS:  Bruce Jenner, Looking Thinner, On Valentine’s Day With Daughters
Then on August 11, 2008, a third count of driving without a license was added. He was convicted of that and ordered to pay a fine of $646. The first two counts were dismissed.
In 2010, in Antelope Valley, Calif., Jenner was charged with driving with a suspended license and speeding. In December of that same year, he failed to appear in court and a warrant was issued for $30,000. He was later found guilty of the speeding charge and ordered to pay a fine of $216. Prosecutors added a third charge of driving without a license and he was found guilty.
Jenner was ordered to spend five days in LA county jail, pay a $186 fine, pay a probation fine of $100 and was sentenced to one year of probation.
PHOTOS: 10 Pics Of Bruce Jenner’s Horrific Car Crash
His record has remained clean since, but his driving record hasn’t been without incident: In 2014, he and dad Bruce escaped with scrapes when they totaled their $500,000 car during the Baja off-road race.
As Radar previously reported, Bruce’s younger brother Harold “Burt” Jenner , who shares the same name as his oldest son, tragically died in a car accident when his silver Porsche that was gifted to him from Bruce after he won the decathlon gold medal at the 1976 Olympics slammed into a telephone pole.
This accident is said to have caused a great deal of grief for the 65-year-old reality father, who is currently transitioning to become a woman.
Those demons were reportedly resurrected when Bruce was involved in a multiple car collision on the Pacific Coast Highway in February that left one woman dead. Although no charges have been formally filed against Bruce, there is a pending investigation into the crash.





 Beat but not broken… Had to have a few beers before I could tell @pottsracing his #trophytruck would not be making it to him… #classyShot #YesThatsACathider #JennerRacing
A post shared by Burt Jenner (@bjenner) on Nov 15, 2014 at 12:12pm PST


/n