How Doris Day Plans to Celebrate Her 93rd Birthday/n
She was one of Hollywood’s biggest stars and remains one of the most beloved, but for her upcoming 93rd birthday on April 3, Doris Day will spend the day quietly at her home in Carmel, California, surrounded by close friends and her beloved dogs.
“Doris has never been one for celebrating her own birthday,” her publicist Charley Cullen Walters tells PEOPLE, “but she’s very excited to visit with friends and family throughout the day, certainly to spend time with her beloved animals, and now to see photos from all over the world via the #DorisBirthdayWish campaign, through which we hope to raise lots of attention and donations for her Doris Day Animal Foundation.”
While Day doesn’t frequently step out publicly these days, Walters says the icon is “sometimes known for waving to her fans from her home balcony— we will see!”
Courtesy of CW3PR
 
Day will also be looking at photos and videos being submitted to the social-media campaign launched by the Doris Day Animal Foundation, which she founded in 1978 to rescue and protect animals. The campaign encourages pet owners to upload photos and videos to their favorite social-media platform with the hashtag #DorisBirthdayWish, and tag the Doris Day Animal Foundation (@ddaf_org).
In honor of her birthday, the star and the foundation will choose the top 93 entries, which will be presented to the star as a special digital birthday card, and which will be featured on the DDAF website and on PEOPLE.com.
“We’ll show her the photos on her iPad, which she’ll review,” says her close friend Bob Bashara. “She loves seeing what the foundation is doing and hearing all the success stories of pets they have helped.”
From Coinage: See Where 6 Stars Were Before They Were Famous

 
Meanwhile, her devoted fans will gather in her adopted hometown of Carmel to celebrate her movies and her music at the Cypress Inn, which will host a two-day celebration to benefit the foundation, including a Q&A with Peter Baldwin (who played a small role in the 1958 movie Teacher’s Pet, alongside Day and Clark Gable) and a live auction of memorabilia, such as a ‪Romance on the High Seas poster from Day’s film, signed by the star.
The hotel bar has also created a new cocktail in her honor called, appropriately, “Romance on the High Seas.”
Courtesy Cypress Inn
 
“We wanted to make a sparkling champagne cocktail in her honor,” says Cypress Inn general manager Peter Radler. “We started with chilled French sparkling wine, and added a dash of whiskey, sugar and bitters, along with a sweet lemon twist for a little punch.”
All the proceeds will go to Day’s animal foundation.
/n