Million-Dollar Babies! George & Amal Shell Out $1.3M For Special Delivery/n
George Clooney waited 55 years to become a dad, and now that wife Amal is about to give birth to twins, RadarOnline.com has learned, he’s sparing no expense!
According to an insider, the Hollywood hunk is coughing up a fat $1.3 million to provide first-time mom Amal, 39, with the finest delivery experience and doctors money can buy.
That includes reserving an entire hospital wing, flying in a masseuse from Italy and even booking the British royals’ baby nurse!
“George was terrified that giving birth would be dangerous for Amal,” a source told Radar. “But after much hand-wringing and discussion, they decided to move forward to realize their dream of becoming parents.”
PHOTOS: Love ‘Em And Leave ‘Em! 15 Of George Clooney’s Lovers Over The Years
The couple’s close pal, supermodel Cindy Crawford, publicly confirmed Radar’s exclusive report when she posted on Instagram that George and Amal will have twins … a boy and a girl!
While the news was the best possible for George and Amal, 39, the health dangers of carrying and delivering twins midlife concerned him deeply.
“Now George is taking every precaution possible — no matter what the cost!” said the spy.
For starters, the couple has booked the entire Kensington Wing at London’s Chelsea and Westminster Hospital for the delivery.
PHOTOS: Baby Bump? Amal Clooney Hides Tiny Belly In Baggy Dress
“George is a little uptight about this going off without a hitch, so he’s sparing no expense to provide for Amal’s health and the twins’ safe delivery,” spilled a source close to the A-list couple.
Featuring 14 suites costing $7,000 a night, and with the typical maternity stay lasting about a week, the bill will tally about $588,000 for the accommodations alone. And the tab only goes up from there!
Oscar-winner George and Amal are also ponying up $200,000 specifically for a masseuse, according to the insider,
“Amal is splashing out on her favorite masseuse from Italy for the birth,” said the source.
PHOTOS: George Clooney & Julia Roberts ‘Involved In Cheating Scandal’ – Amal Reportedly Demands Divorce!
The power couple is also hiring two trendy “doulas” or “spiritual companions” to tend to Amal throughout the birthing process — and flying them in at $15,000 apiece!
As if all that isn’t extravagant enough, George has also asked Buckingham Palace’s royal maternity nurse, Rachel Waddilove, to come out of retirement to help the couple for six weeks after the birth, the insider claimed.
With 40 years of birthing under her belt, there’s nobody better to be at Amal’s side than this grandma!
George is also ensuring Amal will get the royal treatment while they’re at the hospital.
PHOTOS: George Clooney Will Put Career Aside To ‘Keep Amal Happy’
“He’s put in requests to the personal chef who will be on hand to whip up gourmet meals at the hospital,” the source said.
While the cost of having a kid is astronomical for anyone, the money splashed out by Gravity star George and Amal has been really out of
this world.
But there’s no need to worry about their bottom line. Together, George and Amal are worth an estimated $260 million!
What do you think? Is this a bit much for a delivery? Or is the magic of childbirth priceless? Let us know in the comments.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n