Madeline Stuart, Model with Down Syndrome, Will Walk in New York Fashion Week/n
Madeline Stuart, the 18-year-old Australian model, has just nabbed a stylish new gig for fall: She’ll be hitting the catwalk during New York Fashion Week this September!


everMaya


Stuart, who has Down Syndrome, announced her exciting news on Instagram with the caption: “Guess who is modelling in NY for NY fashion week xx.” In the snapshot, Stuart revealed she will be walking the runway for FTL MODA in September.





 Guess who is modelling in NY for NY fashion week xx
A post shared by Madeline Stuart Official (@madelinesmodelling_) on Aug 11, 2015 at 5:30am PDT


The brand wrote on its Facebook, “It is with the utmost joy and pride that we announce Madeline Stuart’s participation in #FTLModa #NYFW #SS2016 presentation. Beautiful Madeline will brighten up the runway at the #VanderbiltHall on September 13th 2015. Stay tuned and RSVP!”
RELATED PHOTOS: Barefaced and Beautiful: Celebs’ Best Makeup-Free Selfies
It’s been a very fashionable year for the model; in July, Stuart landed two major modeling jobs, appearing in the national ad campaigns for the American fitness brand Manifesta, as well as the eco-friendly handbag label, everMaya.
“We are absolutely thrilled to work with a talent like Madeline on our newest national ad campaign,” Damian Graybelle, everMaya’s president, said in a statement at the time. “All of us at everMaya feel very strongly about creating a brand that is rooted in a spirit of inclusion and providing opportunities for those who begin life with barriers to success.” (And they even created a bag named after her, see below!) 





 This is the new bag by EverMaya it is called "The Madeline" and the amazing thing is 5% of the sales go to the National Down's Syndrome Society  NDSS so if you love it please go to EverMaya's website, they are tagged in the picture and buy one, plus if you don't like it which I think is very unlikely as it is gorgeous then buy one for someone you love. It is a wonderful charity, very dear to my heart and we need your support. #downssyndrome #bts #madelinesmodelling #lovinglife #fun
A post shared by Madeline Stuart Official (@madelinesmodelling_) on Aug 11, 2015 at 4:54pm PDT


Are you excited to see Madeline walk the runway this fall? Share below!
–Sarah Kinonen
RELATED VIDEO: Celebs Reveal: The Fall Fashion Trend I’m Loving

/n