Gina Rodriguez Talks ‘Deepwater Horizon’ Co-Starring Mark Wahlberg, and Wanting to Play a Superhero/n





                    'Jane the Virgin' Star Gina Rodriguez Spills Major Secrets About Her New Show
                







Gina Rodriguez: Celebuzz 2014 Breakout Star is 

 MORE >>










                    Gina Rodriguez Takes Celebuzz’s Pop Career Quiz
                







ICYMI

 MORE >>





Whether you know her as Jane the Virgin or the girl who cleaned up Best Actress in TV Comedy at the Golden Globes this year, one thing is for sure: Gina Rodriguez is one super cool chick.
With her potential big-screen role starring opposite Mark Wahlberg in the works and a kick-ass attitude, Rodriguez is definitely here to stay (and thank goodness).

Celebuzz spoke with Rodriguez exclusively last night on the red carpet at Procter & Gamble Orgullosa’s “Nueva Latinas Living Fabulosa” forum. The event celebrated “the beauty and diversity of Nueva Latinas through a forum recognizing Latina trendsetters and their stories of confidence, strength and success.”


Gina Rodriguez, Diane Guerrero and More Stun at P&G Orgullosa's 'Nueva Latinas Living Fabulosa' Forum in NYC	








































7 Photos »


She opened up about her (not 100% set in stone, but almost confirmed!) Hollywood dream role in Deepwater Horizon (playing Andrea Fleytas), and co-starring with Wahlberg.
I luckily feel very blessed that, god willing, if all goes well, I’ll be shooting my dream role, or one of them at least, which is Deepwater Horizon. I’m playing a very strong woman, a very intelligent woman on an oil rig. She is in American history, and she is a hero. And so for me I feel very excited to play in that.
Deepwater Horizon captures the “story set on the offshore drilling rig Deepwater Horizon, which exploded during April 2010 and created the worst oil spill in U.S. history.”
As for working with the Hollywood A-lister Marky Mark, she added, “I’ve been wanting to work with Mark Wahlberg and Peter Berg for a very long time so, I luckily have been blessed to be able to live my dreams.”


Celebuzz Fall 2014 Breakout Stars	








































10 Photos »


Rodriguez also touched upon what her other Hollywood dream roles would entail: “Action! I want to do action so bad. Of course, now I need to create more dreams and those will include like, I want to play a superhero! I want to be in X-Men! You know what I’m saying? …That would be very exciting.”
She added that she’d like it to be “Something definitely action-packed, where I get to do my own stunts. And then they almost kill me because they don’t want me to do my own stunts, and I fight to do my own stunts… that’s what I want to do.”
P&G Orgullosa’s “Nueva Latinas Living Fabulosa” event was held at the Times Center in NYC as a continuation of its Nueva Latina campaign, which “highlights the unique and complex experience of the modern, bicultural Latina — the Nueva Latina.”
Check out the gallery above to see Gina Rodriguez, Orange is the New Black’s Diane Guerrero and Selenis Leyva, “The Voice of New York” Angie Martinez, style expert and TV personality Lilliana Vazquez, and Entertainment Weekly correspondent Nina Terrero.



With the beautiful @angiemartinez ❤️ at #Orgullosa event in Nueva York. Werq! Backstage sideways pictures, I don’t even know how we did this. 
A photo posted by Gina Rodriguez (@hereisgina) on Mar 25, 2015 at 4:57pm PDT






Still feeling inspired after last night’s @orgullosa event? I know I am! Now try to pass that feeling to someone else today …tell someone that they too, are worthy; that they can make their dreams come true! We can all achieve our respective goals — there is room for EVERYONE at the table! @hereisgina, @angiemartinez & @lillianavazquez and I are living proof! #orgullosa #LivingFabulosa #Latina #Dominicana #PuertoRican A photo posted by Nina Terrero (@nina_terrero) on Mar 26, 2015 at 7:03am PDT






With my Chiquita @dianeguerrero_ and @hereisgina @orgullosa #latinasunidas #oitnb #gloriamendoza #GloriaTheLatina #gomakesomemagic 
A photo posted by Selenis Leyva (@selenisleyvaofficial) on Mar 25, 2015 at 7:25pm PDT






Looks like @hereisgina and I both got the #LivingFabulosa fashion memo … wear white! A photo posted by Lilliana Vazquez (@lillianavazquez) on Mar 25, 2015 at 9:26pm PDT






wow!! what a special night! we laughed, we cried and we bonded! what an honor to be in a room filled with so many smart, funny, beautiful and talented women! ❤️✊ Thank you #p&g #orgullosa for celebrating latinas.
A photo posted by Angie Martinez (@angiemartinez) on Mar 25, 2015 at 7:42pm PDT



/n