Whitney Houston’s Final Interview: Singer Said She Had 'Matured'/n
By Radar Staff
Whitney Houston said she was “older and matured” in what is believed to be her final interview.
The 48-year-old singer was pronounced dead at the Beverly Hilton hotel in Los Angeles on Saturday afternoon.
But, in an interview last November with Access Hollywood, to promote her new movie Sparkle which she stars in with American Idol Jordin Sparks, Houston talked candidly about how she had gotten her life back on track.
PHOTOS: Last Pictures Taken Of Whitney Houston Alive
“I feel honored. I feel humbled that I’m still able to do what I do,” she told Shaun Robinson.
“I have an 18-year-old daughter,” she says on why she took on the role in the movie that she also executive produced. “I felt the love that the woman has for her children in the late 60s. Trying to keep her family together as a single mother.”
PHOTOS: Celebs Who Died Young
“I just felt the passion for it. And when it was suggested that I play the mother I thought I could do this. I’ve had a lot of practice.”
Sparkle is a remake of the 1976 movie starring Irene Cara and Philip Michael Thomas.
Houston said it was a joy working with Jordin Sparks who she says she gave hugs to on set and nurtured.
PHOTOS: Celebrities Who Died In Bizarre Circumstances
“I’ve been in the industry for 30 years. There’ll be ups and there’ll be the downs. But you believe in your faith and your determination. People who encourage you to do and be the best you can.
“It is a blessing that I have a mother who is very strong and a family that surround me and constantly tell me that they love me. And my daughter is my greatest inspiration. She loves me.
PHOTOS: Drunk Bobby Brown Passed Out On Plane, Says Witness
“I’ve got some good saints out there that pray for me constantly,” she says. “You got to have that support. It’s a major strength.”

RELATED STORIES:
PHOTOS:    Whitney Houston Through The Years
PHOTOS: Whitney Houston: Tru Hollywood Night
Whitney Houston’s Daughter In Talks For Her Own Reality Show
Whitney Houston’s Daughter Snorting Cocaine — Caught On Camera!
Whitney Houston: Down & Out In Beverly Hills?
Whitney Houston Is ‘Broke As A Joke’ /n