Celebrities React to the On-Air Shooting of WDBJ Journalists in Virginia/n





                    Amy Schumer's Open Letter to End Gun Violence
                







Amy Schumer is heartbroken over the 'Trainwreck' shooting in Lafayette

 MORE >>





Two WDBJ-TV journalists were slain live on-air by a former station reporter on the morning of Aug. 26 just outside of Moneta, Virginia.

Reporter Alison Parker and cameraman Adam Ward were killed during a televised interview outside of the Bridgewater Plaza when Vester Lee Flanagan II, a former WDBJ reporter whose employment was terminated in 2013, opened fire on set. Flanagan reported after the incident on now-suspended Facebook and Twitter accounts under the pseudonym “Bryce Williams“.





CREDIT: CNN


Flanagan committed suicide by self-inflicted gun wounds shortly after his attack.
ABC reports that the gunman had been calling their network over the past weeks, claiming that he wanted to fax information regarding a story pitch without describing its details any further. On Thursday morning ABC News received a 23-page manifesto doubling as a suicide note entitled “MY NAME IS BRYCE WILLIAMS” which claims that he was a victim of racial discrimination and sexual harassment while working for the station.
CNN reports that Ward’s fiancée witnessed the killing from the WDBJ control room.
WDBJ General Manager Jeff Marks told CNN that Parker and Ward were “the kindest and nicest people” who worked at the network.


Amy Schumer's Best Moments








































35 Photos »


Many celebrities took to social media to express their sentiments on the tragic incident, especially in the wake of gun violence that took place in July at a Lafayette movie theater during a showing of Amy Schumer’s Trainwreck. Here is what they are saying.
Sophia Bush

Shocked and horrified by the news coming out of Virginia… To murder people and then live tweet about it?? It’s sick.
— Sophia Bush (@SophiaBush) August 26, 2015
Hilary Clinton

Heartbroken and angry. We must act to stop gun violence, and we cannot wait any longer. Praying for the victims’ families in Virginia. -H
— Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) August 26, 2015


Dr. Oz

My thoughts and prayers are with everyone at @WDBJ7 as well as the families of Alison Parker and Adam Ward. Such a terrible tragedy.
— Dr. Mehmet Oz (@DrOz) August 26, 2015
Darren Criss

Don’t know what to say. I’m just sick to my stomach and so, so sad. Nothing to do but hold on to each other and pray for something better.
— Darren Criss (@DarrenCriss) August 26, 2015


Ellen Degeneres

My heart goes out to the two journalists who were shot in Virginia this morning. My show airs on @WDBJ7 every day. Sending love to you all.
— Ellen DeGeneres (@TheEllenShow) August 26, 2015
Debra Messing

He video taped himself committing murder. He tweeted about it. He posted the video. What has happened to us? #virginia
— Debra Messing (@DebraMessing) August 26, 2015


Gabrielle Giffords

Our country has a gun violence problem. Shootings like these are far too common here. My prayers are with the #WDBJ family.
— Gabrielle Giffords (@GabbyGiffords) August 26, 2015
Katie Couric

My thoughts and prayers go out to the families and colleagues of Alison Parker and Adam Ward. So heartbreaking #WDBJ https://t.co/lgmCAKdXxX
— Katie Couric (@katiecouric) August 26, 2015


Amy Schumer (Retweet)

This is time to confront the reality of gun violence, not turn your back and pretend everything is OK.
— Judd Legum (@JuddLegum) August 26, 2015
Nia Vardalos

#angry MT @nathanielr: a mass shooting of CHILDREN (several tragedies ago) did not change our gun laws, what is it going to take? #angry
— Nia Vardalos (@NiaVardalos) August 26, 2015


Ricky Gervais

Some lunatics are actually saying that the victims should have been armed, instead of saying the gunman SHOULDN’T have been armed. Madness.
— Ricky Gervais (@rickygervais) August 26, 2015
Hoda Kotb and Kathie Lee Gifford

Our thoughts are with the families and friends of Alison Parker, Adam Ward & the WDBJ7 family http://t.co/0FgsR8dv6L pic.twitter.com/6v1Qr9zsIx
— Kathie Lee and Hoda (@klgandhoda) August 26, 2015


Reggie Bush

thoughts and prayers to the family and friends of the reporter and cameraman in Virginia shooting
— Reggie Bush (@ReggieBush) August 26, 2015
Michael Ian Black

Two shot dead, one in surgery following being shot on live TV. Gun control now. Not going to wait to talk about it.
— Michael Ian Black (@michaelianblack) August 26, 2015


Maria Menounos

I’m overwhelmed w/emotion over this…my prayers for alison&adam’s families, friends & colleagues. http://t.co/otTWULBJji #WDBJ
— maria menounos (@mariamenounos) August 26, 2015

Celebuzz sends condolences to the friends, family, and co-workers of the deceased.

/n