Nancy Grace Explodes: 'Tot Mom' Casey Anthony Is Guilty!/n
Nancy Grace still believes that “Tot Mom” Casey Anthony is guilty, the TV icon and founder of Crimeonline.com exclusively told RadarOnline.com.
Grace spoke out today after an explosive new interview from the mom of dead Caylee.
“I don’t give a s**t about what anyone thinks about me. I never will,” Anthony, 30, told the Associated Press in her first interview since she was acquitted of Caylee Anthony’s murder. “I’m OK with myself, I sleep pretty good at night.”
Grace ripped into the woman whose case she covered daily on her HLN show. “I was outraged and saddened by the same time at Tot Mom’s statement,” she told Radar.
“What galled me the most was her stating quote ‘I sleep pretty good at night.’ Really? Because I’ve been prosecuting and covering cases about child abuse and murder since 1987 and I have never once met a parent whose child was a victim who had a good night’s sleep!” Grace raged.
PHOTOS: Running From Her Past? Casey Anthony Surfaces In Florida Nearly 7 Years After Daughter’s Murder — 10 Photos Of Her New Life
“I have been working on a cold case for a little boy victim named Chuckie Mauk and his mother had to move from the home she lived in when her son disappeared and she still has nightmares,” she explained.
The jury found Anthony not guilty in 2011, but Grace said she vehemently disagrees with their decision to this day.
Grace, whose fiancé was murdered while she was in college, told Radar that she was disgusted with Anthony’s ability to dismiss her child’s death so easily and recalled the gruesome details of Caylee’s body being found.
“As a crime victim you do not have a pretty good night sleep after your child is murdered and your child’s body is mauled by animals and found 10 houses down from where you live,” she said.
PHOTOS: Casey Anthony Caught Living It Up Amid Shocking Sex Scandal
Anthony revealed in her interview that she was unsure how Caylee died, saying, “I’m still not even certain as I stand here today about what happened.”
“I’m surprised she bamboozled the AP into an interview,” Grace quipped “She says she has no idea how daughter died? At the trial here defense was she died by accident in the swimming pool and George Anthony hid the body. Did she forget what she claimed in court happened to her child? How can you forget your child died in a swimming pool?”
Grace slammed her continued lies. “I can see why she tried five times to stop the interview from being published,” she said
Grace also noted that Anthony said the only reason she was in trouble was because she admitted to lying.
“What? She didn’t admit she lied. She got busted in her lies! She was caught being slung up with her boyfriend, lying about those women taking care of her, never mentioning her child was missing, saying she worked at Universal Studios,” Grace said.
Anthony also said in the AP interview that she is fascinated with the O.J. Simpson case, where he was acquitted of murdering Nicole Brown Simpson and Ron Goldman and Grace weighed in.
PHOTOS: 5 Years After Murder Acquittal: Smiling Casey Anthony Spotted Out With Her Dog
“She said there were lots of parallels with O.J. Simpson. I agree with that,” Grace deadpanned. “There are a lot of similarities.”
Anthony also compared herself to Alice in Wonderland, another aspect Grace ripped to Radar. “Alice in Wonderland was never accused of murdering a tot!” she insisted.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n