TMZ on TV -- the Fact Behind the Funny/nJustin Bieber Cuts His Hair -- The PHOTOS 1.  The very fabric of the universe was altered today ... Justin Bieber got a haircut ... and it was unveiled on TMZ Live!The Biebs underwent a little snip-snip today while on the set of a music video for a song he did with Rascal Flatts -- that's Gary from the group (above) having a little fun with the scissors. (Ed.'s note: Kids, don't play with scissors)  On TMZ Live today, Justin said the actual cutting was done by his regular hairdresser Vanessa. He said he was a little nervous about the cut, but he  "wanted to change it up " and he thought the cut was  "kind of a mature look. "They grow up so fast.   'Friday' Star: Oprah Shouldn't Fear Public Dumping   2.   "Friday " star John Witherspoon knows a thing or two about destroying bathrooms -- which is why he's the perfect guy to give advice to Oprah Winfrey ... who famously admitted she can't drop a deuce in public. He does NOT have that problem.    Blake Griffin -- Evidence of a Dunk Contest SCANDAL?  3.   Blake Griffin is under attack from a fan who claims he FED the Clippers star the idea for the car-jumping alley-oop ... a fan who says he's been snubbed ever since this weekend's Dunk Contest. The guy with the gripe is Michael Scrivner -- who claims he was watching ESPN earlier this month when he saw Griffin asking fans for dunk ideas ... so he fired off a twitter message to Blake on Feb. 8 specifically outlining the car dunk -- complete with the pass from inside the sun roof.Now, Scrivner is PISSED that Griffin hasn't given him any credit for the idea -- telling TMZ,  "He could have at least given me a shout out!”Scrivner adds,  "If he already had the idea for the dunk, why go on SportsCenter asking  for ideas? It would be one thing if I had said to just dunk over a car,  but the dunk was spot on everything I suggested.”So far, no comment from Griffin's camp.     Male Models in Milan -- Just 'Cuz!  4.  They aren't famous, but the male models strutting their stuff on the runway for the DSquared2 show in Milan yesterday have bodies that rival Kellan Lutz, Cristiano Ronaldo and Jake Gyllenhaal combined.Check out all the cut studs of the catwalk!    TOM ARNOLD  5. Thomas Duane  "Tom " Arnold (born March 6, 1959) is an American actor and comedian. He has starred in many films, most notably True Lies (1994). He was the host of The Best Damn Sports Show Period for four years. Arnold was born in Ottumwa, Iowa, the son of Linda Kay Graham (born Collier) and Jack Arnold. He has six siblings: Lori, Johnny, Scott, Chris, Marla, and Mark. Arnold attended Ottumwa High School and the University of Iowa and began doing stand-up comedy when he was 23. In the early 1980s, Arnold had a prop-based comedy routine called  "Tom Arnold and the Goldfish Review. " Arnold as a stand-up comic became a writer for the television sitcom Roseanne (which debuted in 1988).    Michelle Pfeiffer: Good Genes or Good Docs?  6.   Her first big movie,  "Grease 2, " may have been a bomb, but Michelle Pfeiffer is still da bomb!Here's the 24-year-old  "Scarface " star back in 1982 (left) -- and 27 years later, the 50-year-old version in Berlin last month (right). Say hello to my ageless friend!    Charlie Sheen -- Angry Over 'Major League' Snub  7.   Charlie Sheen's wish for another  "Major League " movie isn't just a pipedream -- producers have been working on a script for more than a year. But TMZ has learned one key player's been cut from the flick ... and Charlie ain't too happy about it. Sources close to the production tell TMZ ... an outline for ML4 was completed in 2010 ... and most of the original cast has already been contacted about roles ... except for Corbin Bernsen. We're told Bernsen -- who famously played Roger Dorn in the first three  "ML " movies -- contacted Morgan Creek productions when he heard the rumblings ... but was told there are currently no plans to include him in a 4th installment.  Bernsen's publicist tells us, “Corbin would LOVE to do another 'Major League' but it doesn’t look like he’s been written into the movie at this point.  We’re hopeful he gets written in by the time it’s finalized though. "Sheen -- on the other hand -- tells us he's pretty damn pissed about the snub ... adding,  "I would love it for him to be in ... but I ain't the writer or director ... I'm a hired gun ... I'll do my best. "    Eric Benet -- The 'Halle Scary' Mystery 8.   Back when Eric Benet dated Halle Berry -- there were rumblings that his friends had a  "scary " nickname for the actress based on a side of her personality most people don't get to see ... and yesterday in Burbank, he didn't exactly deny it.     Stedman Graham -- Oprah Is MY Plus One 9.  Turns out Gayle doesn't wear the pants in Oprah's family after all, at least according to Stedman as he blew out of Washington, D.C. yesterday.    MJ Music Video Shoot Takes Over Hollywood 10.  The ghost of Michael Jackson upstaged the  "Rock of Ages " show in Hollywood last night.Sources tell TMZ Sony is currently shooting two Michael Jackson videos in Hollywood -- the one above is a music video for  "Hollywood Tonight. "It wasn't exactly being shot on the down-low ... a crew of 60 lined the sidewalk and the street in front of the Pantages Theatre.    Tilly vs. Tilly: Who'd You Rather? 11.  Biological sisters and actresses Jennifer Tilly, 51, and Meg Tilly, 49, showed off their stellar genes at the same event in L.A. the other day.Question is ...    Celebrity Cross-Dressin' 12.  Sometimes being a superstar can be a real drag -- see which stars have crossed over to the other side.    Craig Robinson – Camera Love 13.   Craig Robinson from  "The Office " shows our camera — not  camera guy -- some serious love. Feel the heat!    Bar Refaeli -- The Smoldering Bikini Yacht Party  14.  Bar Refaeli stripped down to her ridiculous pink bikini this weekend -- to romp around the deck of a super-expensive yacht off the coast of Costa Smeralda ... but she wasn't the only supermodel on board. Fresh from testifying at a war crimes trial -- alleged blood diamond recipient Naomi Campbell and her boyfriend Russian businessman Vladislav Doronin were also on the yacht ... along with Bar's main squeeze Leonardo DiCaprio. Fun fact: Leo starred in the 2006 film  "Blood Diamonds. "    Kristin Davis -- Celebrity Bio! 15.   Kristin Landen Davis was born on February 23, 1965 in Boulder, Colorado. An only child, her parents divorced when she was a baby and she was adopted by her stepfather after he married her mother in 1968.Early in her childhood, Kristin and her parents moved to Columbia, South Carolina./n