Casey Anthony's Former Bodyguard Makes Bombshell Claim That She Killed Her Baby!/n
Casey Anthony murdered her little daughter Caylee! That’s the outrageous claim of her former bodyguard, who dropped the bombshell while talking about the case on a podcast this week.
Rob Dick was Anthony’s bodyguard when she was first released from jail in 2008. He admitted that Anthony’s situation was “completely insane,”  in an interview on the podcast Allegedly with Theo Von & Matthew Cole Weiss.
“I still question why it had the world’s fascination with it. There are lots of women out there that killed their kid. And I do say killed their kid,” he told Weiss and Von.
“I don’t think I’ve ever been involved in something so crazy. It was completely insane.”
Recalling the frenzy outside the Anthony’s home in Florida, he described the crowds that waited for a glimpse of Caylee’s family.
PHOTOS: ‘19 Kids & Counting’ Star Jessa Is ‘Envious’ Of Her Sister Jill
“At one point I’m standing in the front yard trying to keep a hundred to two hundred people from lynching her while somebody like Nancy Grace is doing a live show across the street.”
“It didn’t seem real. Just craziness.”
Weiss and Von asked for clarification as to why he said “killed her child,” and Dick claimed he believes Anthony is guilty of murder, despite the fact that she was acquitted. “Without a doubt,” he said. “I think everybody knew she did it.”
Dick described his “disbelief,” about the verdict, where the jury found her not guilty in the murder of the little girl.
In the early stages of the investigation, Caylee had been missing for 30 days when her mother was sent to jail for 30 days.
Dick recalled the “first night getting her out,” noting that at that point Caylee had been missing for 60 days.
PHOTOS: Jenelle Evans Shows Off Pictures Of Her Newborn Son Kaiser
“When she gets out, I’m driving her, [Jose] Baez, Leonard [Padilla], goinng back to the family to [her parents] Cindy and George. We get in there. It’s just a surreal thing.
“You know what should happen. Here’s a mom in jail for the last 30 days. Supposedly not knowing where her child is for 60 days now. First question – what do you think it would be? Have you heard anything?”
But he claimed Casey didn’t ask a single question about her missing daughter.
“She was just completely happy, excited to see her parents. What’s for dinner? Jail food sucks. There’s that moment right then that we’ve got a problem,” he said. “It’s not about getting out and finding your child.”
Listen to the shocking audio of Dick discussing his outrageous claims Do you think there were ever be justice for Caylee?
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n