'Teen Mom' Sex Tape! Amber’s XXX Video Is Still On – But Without Matt Baier?/n
Amber Portwood is not letting her cheating fiancé derail her sex tape RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned.
The Teen Mom OG star and her bad news guy, Matt Baier, hit a rough patch over his cheating allegations but despite their rocky relationship, her XXX porno video is still in the works.
“We are always open to doing a movie with Amber,” Steven Hirsch, the Founder and Co-Chairman of Vivid Entertainment told Radar.
Portwood dumped Baier after a series of cheating and money scandals hit the pair, but despite the split they strangely remained together, even filming Marriage Boot Camp: Reality Stars together.
PHOTOS: So Cruel! ‘Teen Mom’s Matt Baier SLAMS Fiancée Amber Portwood’s BFF Kailyn Lowry On Twitter
“Amber and Matt aren’t officially broken up,” a source told Radar about their rocky relationship.
Vivid honcho Hirsch told Radar that he would love a solo-film with just Portwood, “With or without Matt,” he said.
Baier was subjected to a polygraph text on TMOG, which he spectacularly failed, causing her to lash out and call him a “mother**ker.”
“Did you make any sexual advances toward [redacted]?” the test administrator asked Baier on the season finale of the show, as the woman’s name is bleeped out. “Matt answered no, but he did not pass,” Portwood was told, much to her disgust.
PHOTOS: No More Feuding! ‘Teen Mom’ Amber Portwood & Fiance Matt Baier Visit Her Ex Gary Shirley’s New Baby, Bring Gifts
Portwood’s deal with Vivid follows Farrah Abraham’s raunchy sex tape, Back Door Teen Mom, that she filmed with porn star James Deen.
And Abraham ripped Portwood for announcing the sex tape news. “So see why they hope to follow in footsteps of mine, the envy of them wanting to be me never fails, as I see it copying and following in my footsteps is a little old, like Matt is,” she told The Dirty.
Even after the most recent “ending” to their relationship, Vivid told Radar that they want Portwood to film a sex tape with them, either with her guy or alone.
“Until then we wish her the best,” Hirsch told Radar.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n