Celebrate Michael Fassbender’s Birthday With a Look at His Most Recognizable Roles/n





                    WATCH: Michael Fassbender Gave a Prince an Erection Filming 'Jane Eyre'
                







When Michael Fassbender asks to ride you, it's impossible to say 'neigh'

 MORE >>





Michael Fassbender has proven that he has more to show than his genitals! The Steve Jobs actor turned 39 on April 2nd, and has an impressive body of work to show along with it.

The Irish actor began his acting career when he was sixteen in theater roles offered by a former teacher. Fassbender moved on to television by the time he was 24, earning his first on-screen credit in the television series, Hearts and Bones.
By 2006, Fassbender moved on to the big screen, starring as Stelios in the commercially successful 300. The actor began gaining a lot of momentum in the U.K for starring in roles such as Hunger and Fish Tank, which earned him recognition at the British Independent Film Awards. He also starred in Quentin Tarantino’s Inglorious Basterds as Lieutenant Archie Hicox. However, his breakout role didn’t come out until 2011 when he played sex crazed Brandon in Shame, which gained him popularity amongst critics for his performance, and garnered attention amongst viewers for his full frontal nudity. He also received a Golden Globe nomination for this performance.


Michael Fassbender's Hottest Photos








































10 Photos »


By 2014, Fassbender went on to receive his first Oscar nomination for Best Actor in a Supporting Role, playing Edwin Epps in 12 Years a Slave. Most recently he was nominated for several different accolades this awards season for playing Steve Jobs.
Other roles the Steve Jobs actor is known for includes Magneto in three of the X-Men prequels, David in Prometheus, Edward Rochester in Jane Eyre, and Macbeth in Macbeth.





The actor has several different anticipated films coming up, including The Light Between Oceans, co-starring girlfriend and oscar winner, Alicia Vikander. He will also be reprising his roles as David in the sequel to Prometheus, Alien: Covenant, and Magneto in this year’s X-Men: Apocalypse.





Fassbender continues keeping himself busy as he films The Snowman, co-starring J.K. Simmons, which is set for a release in 2017. He is also set to promote a total of five films this year.
Check out our gallery of some of Fassbender’s most recognizable roles below! 


Michael Fassbender's Most Recognizable Roles








































7 Photos »


/n