Highlights From Alec Baldwin’s Crazy-Ass Stalker Trial/n
The past few days, Alec Baldwin and his wife, Hilaria have had to testify against Genevieve Sabourin, a French-Canadian actress/publicist accused of stalking Baldwin.
Sabourin, 40, faces 23 counts of harassment and one count of of stalking from as far back as 2011.  She alleges that she and Baldwin were an item, which the 30 Rock actor vehemently denies.
Baldwin took the stand and spoke about Sabourin’s “delusional” state, and felt threatened on several occasions, including the time she showed up uninvited to the Baldwins’ Amagansett home.  Baldwin had Hilaria call the police in case Sabourin had a weapon.

Baldwin shared with the court a few emails Sabourin had sent him, warning that Sabourin “writes like she speaks, in broken English,” according to the Daily Mail.
“I want to be naked in your bed and make love with you all night and every mornings,” one email read.  “I want to feel you, taste you and make one with you for eternity.
“I will be in the prime of my ovulation on this St-Patrick day and for me, the best gift from you above all, will be to conceive a mini-Baldwin on this Ireland national day.
“The pleasures will be immense, unique..and absolute and the result will be perfect. I’m burning of desire for you and I can’t restraint my body anymore. I’m now totally all yours.”
Oh, BTW: Sabourin was held in contempt of court today and sentenced to 30 days in jail for her many outbursts during the trial, as well as getting into a scuffle outside the courthouse.  Her term won’t start until after the trial ends.
“You are not permitted to scream out loud constantly,” the judge told her after several warnings.
Baldwin denies any romantic involvement with Sabourin, whom he met through producer Martin Bregman.  In fact, Baldwin claims that Sabourin is Bregman’s mistress.
‘I’m 87 years old and that’s very flattering, but that’s all it is,” Bregman told the New York Post, refuting the claim.
“(Baldwin) was screwing two women,” he added.  “One of them is his present wife and the other one, I presume, he was doing the girl in question.”
My head hurts.


alec baldwin and his best friends, the paparazzi








































12 Photos »


/n