EXCLUSIVE: Lindsay Lohan Causes Uproar In Community By Moving To Venice/n
Lindsay Lohan is only two days out of rehab and already she’s causing a stir in the beachside community of Venice where she’s setting up her new home, RadarOnline.com is reporting exclusively.
PHOTOS: Samantha Ronson Lives Next Door To Lindsay Lohan’s New Pad In Venice
Lohan’s swanky new pad is right next door to ex-girlfriend Samantha Ronson, who showed her distaste to the hoards of photographers on Monday, but she’s not the only one upset about the 24-year-old actresses move.
“We usually don’t do celeb stuff, but got a lot of emails on this one… so… Lindsay Lohan is moving to Venice?” a local neighborhood website YoVenice wrote in an article titled “Paparazzi Infestation Coming To Venice?”
PHOTOS: Lindsay Lohan’s Glam Fashion Shoot As She Prepares To Leave Rehab
“UGH! Hope she learns to chill out while she’s here. And also hoping Venice doesn’t attract all of young Hollywood!” one commenter wrote.
Hollywood celebs such as Rosario Dawson, Emile Hirsch, Anna Paquin and Tim Robbins prefer residing in the quaint beachside town as an escape from the paparazzi and Lohan’s move may put a damper on their privacy.
PHOTOS: Michael Lohan Helps Pack Lindsay’s Belongings In West Hollywood
“People move to Venice to get away from Hollywood and we pride ourselves on our seclusion,” one resident told RadarOnline.com.
“Lindsay Lohan represents exactly what everyone here is trying to escape.”
PHOTOS: Celebs Who Have Been In Rehab
The Mean Girls star holed up in an upscale Los Angeles hotel Monday after her release from the Betty Ford Center in Rancho Mirage, California and is expected to move into her 3,100 square foot, four bedroom apartment sometime this week.
“If she moves here I hope someone posts a pix [sic] of her vehicle so I know when to get off the street & outta [sic] her way!” wrote one Venice resident.
EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: Lindsay Lohan’s Family Album
“A block away from me. Gonna [sic] get a gun.”
PHOTOS: Stars Who Look Like Other Stars 
RELATED STORIES:
PHOTOS & VIDEO: Lindsay Lohan Moving Next Door To Ex-Girlfriend Samantha Ronson
Lindsay Lohan Could Go Back To Jail For Probation Violation
EXCLUSIVE VIDEO INTERVIEW: Michael Lohan Tells Radar: ‘Lindsay Will Never Be Cured’
EXCLUSIVE: Lindsay Lohan Begins First Day Out Of Rehab With Lie /n