Chef Jamie Oliver Says Vegans ‘Annoy’ Him/n

 
Celebrity chef Jamie Oliver has weighed in his ongoing battle with so-called anti-meat activists who he says have targeted his restaurants in the past.
Oliver told the Sunday Times Magazine that “20 scruffy, weird-looking fellas [put] iPads of slaughtered animals in front of kids having spaghetti bolognese on a Saturday lunch.” Back in March, animal rights crusaders protested outside his restaurant in Bristol after the chef advocated for drinking milk on an episode of the show Jamie & Jimmy’s Friday Night Feast.
“Vegans do annoy me, but I also do care for them,” Oliver clarified. Though he’s frustrated with interruptions during his lunch service, the fact that he cares for vegan activists actually makes sense.
Want the ultimate dish on the latest celebrity and chef food news, plus exclusive recipes, videos and more? Click here to subscribe to the People Food newsletter. 

Oliver founded Jamie’s Food Revolution, an organization that advocates for providing children with nutritious, fresh meals, sustainability in cooking, and ending food waste and childhood obesity. In the past, he’s also encouraged people to eat vegan or vegetarian at least a couple nights per week in order to save money and do the environment of a favor by buying more sustainable, plant-based foods.
RELATED: Jamie Oliver Helped Oprah Recognize Fennel on Instagram — After She Mistook It for Dill
To that end, the chef took aim at British Prime Minister Theresa May, whom says is not doing enough to battle childhood obesity. Oliver thinks she was “watered down” government policies made by the former Prime Minister, David Cameron, to fight the epidemic. For instance, May recently decided to end a school lunch program that gave free meals to young children. In America, President Trump has been accused of similar policy changes.
WATCH THIS: How Alicia Silverstone Maintains a Strict Vegan Diet For Her Son Without Judging Other Moms

Oliver is no stranger to stirring up controversy: He recently commented on his now-hopefully squashed feud with fellow British celebrity chef Gordon Ramsay, calling the situation “pathetic.” Perhaps his public acknowledgment that he cares about anti-meat activists’ cause (even if the protesters do annoy him) will put an end to this beef, too.
This article originally appeared on Foodandwine.com
/n