Patti Stanger Talks About Adopting & Miley Cyrus’ Engagement/n
By Adam S. Levy – Radar Staff Writer
While many are saying Miley Cyrus might be young to be engaged, Bravo’s Millionaire Matchmaker Patti Stanger tells RadarOnline.com exclusively she thinks the former child star can make good in the long haul with fiancé Liam Hemsworth.
PHOTOS: Stars Hit The Red Carpet At Patti Stanger’s Birthday Party
RadarOnline.com’s special correspondent, former Playboy Playmate Miriam Gonzalez, caught up with Patti as she celebrated her birthday with a lavish party at Koi Restaurant in Los Angeles Thursday night, and asked her if she though the 19-year-old actress was too young to be tying the knot.
PHOTOS: Couples We’d Like To See!
“I think they’ve been going out long enough,” Patti said of the couple, who met filming 2009’s The Last Song, and had been on and off prior to their May 31 engagement announcement after the Australian actor, 22, presented the Hannah Montana star with a 3.5-carat diamond ring.
“She grew up pretty fast … I actually like him, I have a good feeling on this one, I think this one could work,” Patti told us exclusively of the couple. “If she doesn’t go Hollywood on me, I would give this a keeper.
“I’m reading her energy — I’m not reading what the Hollywood market says — I’m reading her and him, and I love the Hemsworth family, I think they’re awesome.”
Watch the video on RadarOnline.com
Stanger also filled us in on the rumors she’s thinking of adopting, as well as dropping more details about her new beau.
For more of Patti, check out Millionaire Matchmaker Tuesdays at 9/8c on Bravo, and on her website Patti Knows.com.
“It’s everything you could possibly need for your relationship advice,” she said.
 
RELATED STORIES:
Gone Tattoo Far: Miley Cyrus Gets Inked Again But Revisits Parlor After Design Mix-Up?
Holey Hannah! Miley Cyrus Lets It All Hang Out In Revealing Shirt 
Puppy Love! Miley Cyrus Rescues A Dog Abandoned At Walmart, ‘We Named Him Happy’
Miley Cyrus Rushed To The Hospital /n