E! Reporter Rubs Some Celebs Wrong Way/nBy THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Was it playfully outrageous, or just plain  offensive?  Live from the red carpet at the 63rd annual Golden Globes, E!  correspondent Isaac Mizrahi groped Scarlett Johansson's breast,  looked down Teri Hatcher's dress, asked Eva Longoria about her  pubic hair and otherwise caught celebrities off-guard.  The openly gay fashion designer didn't mean to offend anyone, E!  Networks President and CEO Ted Harbert told The Associated Press on  Friday.  In fact, Mizrahi was just what the network ordered. He's already  been assigned to carpet duty at the Academy Awards on March 5.   "I've hired Isaac because I felt the red carpet work on  television, not just on E!, had become predictable, staid and  frankly boring. What I wanted is someone who would bring  surprise, " Harbert said.  But whether the staid Academy of Motion Picture Arts and  Sciences will take kindly to a repeat of Mizrahi's Golden Globes  behavior on its own red carpet is another question entirely.  "I have no idea what plans E! has on Oscar night. If they're  suggesting they would do something similar on our red carpet, we  would have some good discussions with them, " said academy  spokesman John Pavlik.  "I can predict we would be extraordinarily  angry if that happened on our carpet. I cannot predict what we  would do afterwards. "  E! has not received any official complaints from any of the  actresses involved in Mizrahi's Golden Globes appearance, and no  apologies have been issued, Harbert said.  However, Mizrahi's comment to Charlize Theron about her  Oscar-winning role as a  "scary dyke with bad teeth " in 2004's   "Monster " elicited a formal complaint from the Gay and Lesbian  Alliance Against Defamation.  Harbert responded with a statement Thursday:  "While E! Networks  does not generally condone the use of that word, we are totally  confident that Isaac is the last person on Earth who could be  accused of even the slightest degree of homophobia. "  GLAAD spokesman Damon Romine said E! agreed to edit the word out  of future airings of Mizrahi's encounter with Theron.  Mizrahi, who has his own talk show on the women-friendly cable  channel Oxygen, questioned a stream of actresses on the Golden  Globes carpet about everything from what they were wearing -- or not  wearing -- underneath their gowns to personal grooming habits.  He asked a purse-less Natalie Portman, 24, what she would do if  she needed a cell phone, credit card or condom. Portman laughed.  He tugged on Hatcher's bronze halter to look for a hidden  speech.  "Oh my God, he touched my stomach and then he pulled down  my dress! " she said.  Mizrahi asked fellow  "Desperate Housewives " star Eva Longoria  what her  "hair was like down there. "   "I'm sorry, I can't help myself, " Mizrahi said, when called on  his comments by co-commentators Ryan Seacrest and Giuliana DePandi.  Fascinated by Johansson's skintight red Valentino dress, Mizrahi  squeezed her breast -- twice.  "What's going on! " she demanded.  Johansson was too busy working on a new film to comment, said  her publicist, Marcel Pariseau, and representatives of the other  actresses did not returned phone or e-mail messages seeking comment  by late Friday.  Messages left at Mizrahi's New York office also were not  immediately returned.   "I think he forgot he was on live television, and he talked to  people as if he was in their living room, which is exactly what I  wanted, " explained Harbert.  "As a fashion designer, he pokes and  prods people's dresses every day. "/n