 Ron Goldman’s Family ‘Very Disappointed’ After O.J. Simpson Parole: He ‘Stabbed’.../n
Deceased Ron Goldman’s family has spoken up about their feelings on O.J. Simpson’s parole, one day after the known criminal’s fate was determined, RadarOnline.com can reveal.
Fred Goldman, the father of the victim who was brutally stabbed to death in the controversial double murder case of 1995, told ABC “Everyone in the world,” except Simpson, “knows he has not led a conflict-free life.”
“He beat up his first wife, he beat up Nicole numerous times, he had numerous other altercations with people over the years, hardly conflict-free,” he added.
Ron’s sister Kim Goldman chimed in, saying that watching Simpson be released was “very disappointing.”
PHOTOS: O.J.’S Prison Hell Revealed Days Before Parole Hearing
As Radar readers know, the former pro football player was found guilty of double murder in a civil case in 1995, yet was later said to be innocent in a criminal trial, after which he was set free.
This Thursday, he was granted parole by a four-person panel after having served nearly nine years behind bars for an armed robbery he performed in 2008.
When asked if she thought the TV personality would be a threat to society after his release, Kim said: “He stormed a hotel room with guns and goons to get his shirt back, that tells you what this person is capable of.”
“He stabbed Ron and Nicole to death,” she added. “He’s above the law, he thinks he’s above the law, so I guess we’ll figure it out.
PHOTOS: O.J. Simpson Granted Parole: The 10 Most Shocking Moments From The Hearing
During the hearing, “He lied numerous times about many things,” claimed Fred, adding that if Simpson ever decides to write a book or memoir after he is freed, Ron’s family will be there to “jump on him.”
“It was never about the money.” He explained. It was about the “punishment.” We want “to get some satisfaction of justice,” for Ron.
“We didn’t have the opportunity to see him go to jail or death row for murder,” in 1995, he said, “but he got a judgment against him and honoring that judgment or making him honor that judgment is the only punishment that we can get from him.” /n