‘RHOC’ Recap: Everyone Hates Gretchen/n





                    'RHOC' Gretchen
                







The blonde has a sit-down with nemisis Alexis Bellino.

 MORE >>





 Love seems to be in full bloom for Gretchen Rossi. The star of Bravo’s The Real Housewives of Orange County decided to throw caution to the wind and pop the question to her longtime love Slade Smiley. Last week, Gretchen recorded a love song, which also doubled as her proposal to Slade. After all the ups and downs the couple went through, Gretchen wanted to seize the day and become Mrs. Slade Smiley. Once Slade agreed to put a ring on Gretchen, the two made a pact to keep mum about their new status, since the OC ladies will hate on them. I wonder why?
Please note: Spoilers ahead if you haven’t watched Monday’s episode, “An Immodest Proposal”
While Gretchen and Slade bask in their happiness of being engaged, Gretchen’s friends Lydia McLaughlin, Alexis Bellino and Vicki Gunvalson weren’t too thrilled about her betrothed Slade’s trashtalk on his internet radio show. It seems Slade, once again, had something to say about the RHOC ladies. However, this time, his venom was directed at Vicki. The women were tired of Slade’s antics and Gretchen’s enabling, and declared enough was enough! While Vicki planned out her winter wonderland party, she opted to invite Gretchen and Slade, so she could confront Mr. Smiley about his antics.
Why even invite that crazy into your orbit Vicki? Just like a petulant child, if you ignore Slade, he’ll go away! Any RHOC viewer can tell Slade’s just creating drama, so he can stay relevant (and try to get a paycheck from Bravo). Therefore, why even feed into his nonsense?
Meanwhile, Heather Dubrow griped to her husband, Terry, she just couldn’t see herself being friends with Gretchen after the support she’s thrown her way, and the lies she’s busted her in. If that’s Heather’s barometer, I guess she won’t be friends with half the residents in Orange County. As Vicki’s party gets underway, Heather, Lydia, Alexis, and Tamra Barneyhad a bash fest about Slade, and insisted they wouldn’t put up with his foolishness. The women were going to let him know just how they felt about his behavior. Something tells me a lot of screeching and cuss words will fly once these wacky dames let the alcohol fly. Let the crazy commence!
 

the ladies of 'RHOC' give a tribute to the 80's.








































9 Photos »


Buzz Moments
OMG!: Gretchen calling Slade’s brother a “swamp” version of him. Really girl?
Thank you, TV gods.: Vicki not inviting troublemaker Lauri Waring Peterson to her shindig. Smart move.
Awk-ward: Tamra getting pooped on, (literally) by baby Troy.
Hotness: Gretchen’s wannabe Marilyn Monroe get up. Nice outfit considering the occasion.
Fab-u-lous: Vicki’s winter wonderland home. Amazing!
Can. Not. Wait.: For the ladies to face off with Gretchen and Slade. It is the end of the season, so chaos will ensue!
Celebuzz Meter (1-10): 6.5.
Are the women being too hard on Gretchen? Sound off below!
– Jillian Bowe
/n