EXCLUSIVE! Leonardo DiCaprio (Sorta) Plays Gay in J. Edgar By now, you've probably heard that Leonardo DiCaprio and Armie Hammer share a kiss in J. Edgar. DiCaprio stars in the Oscar buzzy flick as the late FBI boss man J. Edgar Hoover .../n
By now, you've probably heard that Leonardo DiCaprio and Armie Hammer share a kiss in J. Edgar.DiCaprio stars in the Oscar buzzy flick as the late FBI boss man J. Edgar Hoover with Hammer taking on the role of Clyde Tolson, Hoover's right-hand man, who many believe was also his lover.There is no concrete evidence proving or disproving that Hoover was gay, so...

It's up to moviegoers to make up their own minds—if they can."To  tell you the truth, I don't have the answer to that question and I  don't think there's anyone still alive who really does," DiCaprio told  me last night at the premiere of the movie, which also served as opening  night of the AFI Film Festival presented by Audi, when I asked if he thinks Hoover was gay."If you talk to the Federal Bureau of Investigation,  there are staunch believers that these two men carried out a very  professional relationship and they were sort of inseparable pals."

Inseparable  is an understatement."These two men went on every  vacation together,"  DiCaprio said. "They ate breakfast, lunch and  dinner together. They went  to work together. They were together for 50  years. They lived together.  They were buried together. They never had a  family. They never had a  girlfriend. You know, put it together in your  mind and..."Director  Clint Eastwood said if Hoover was gay, there was no way he  would have  identified as a gay man, "especially in the 1930s.""He had an inseparable pal," Eastwood said. "Whether it went from there, I don't know. He could have been."Screenwriter  Dustin Lance Black said the romantic status of the  relationship had to  be kept a "bit vague."

"I think the audience will  come away like they  have clear  answers but we do leave some things up  in the air," he said.  "We allow  the audience to watch behavior and  observe things that went on  and to  draw their own conclusions."Echoing Eastwood, Black said,  "In 1919, when Hoover was 24 years old   and in his sexual prime, no one  said they were gay because they would   lose their family, their job and  everything."No one could argue with that.Josh  Lucas plays Charles Lindbergh in the movie. "I think he was   probably  deeply closeted," Lucas said, adding, "I don't even know if he   knew. I  think that's how troubled he was. It's probably the ultimate   Achilles'  heel—if you don't know yourself sexually, if you don't know   your heart. That has to be a miserable place to exist."Hammer agreed  that there's no answer to the lingering question about   Hoover and  Tolson. He says he took "creative license and made those decisions for myself."One thing that's certain, no actor thinks twice if Eastwood comes calling. "It's a good call  to get," said Naomi Watts, who plays Hoover's longtime secretary Helen Gandy. "Even though I really didn't think I wanted to work at the time because I had just come from another project, it was Clint. I've always wanted to work with him. I didn't want to miss the opportunity."
/n