You Can Rock Colored Sheets! Celeb Designers Estee Stanley and Brigette Romanek Are Here to Help/n
Brights were everywhere this year, even in your breakfast (hi, rainbow bagels). Now, even your bed sheets can get in on the action! You heard it here first: 2017 is going to be the year we all get a little more adventurous in the bedroom.
Luxury bedding company Flaneur offers customers the ability to create custom-dyed sheets (check out their insanely cool Pantone color map), and they recently tapped celebrity interior designers Estee Stanley and Brigette Romanek to create unique looks to get everyone excited about mixing and matching colors. “I think the bed is becoming a place where people are more interested in design,” Romanek tells PEOPLE. “It used to be that you put on your sheets and went to bed. Now it’s become another place to express yourself.”  Says Stanley, “You spend a lot of time in your bed—You should love it!”
“I’m used to seeing white all the time, because that’s what a lot of my clients like, but I was surprised that even I really loved it,” Stanley, who decorated Lea Michele’s chic L.A. home, says.
“We did this one bohemian kind of look that had like a really beautiful pink, mustard and a bright blue. The pillows we did were a pink and a mustard, and the duvet was the blue and the flat sheets were pink,” she says. “It sounds kind of crazy, but it’s really beautiful. It’s very sophisticated in a way that’s accessible and enjoyable—I think these colors would make you feel good and up your mood.”
Courtesy Flaneur
“One of our favorites was a soft yellow with a muted sort of orange, and merlot color on the bottom. That combination was just spectacular,” says Romanek. “That combination of orange and the yellow and the deep red was extremely elegant, warm and pretty. With some pink flowers on the side of your bed with those colors, it’s amazing.”
If these combos seem a little daunting, the designers shared their best advice for color newbies:

Try just one accent sheet. Think of it as your “gateway” to color. “Just get a flat sheet!” says Stanley. “It’s a good way to start without spending a lot of money on bedding. Your base can be your whites and that’s what you have and getting different flat sheets and pillow cases and experiment to see what you like.”
Mixing neutrals is just as exciting as adding a pop of color. “Dusty palettes are very elegant,” says Romanek. If your room has colored walls, Romanek suggests a mix of grays or khakis. “A little blush pink would be great in a dusty blue room.”
Don’t fear bold hues, but pair them with a complementary neutral. Certain colors are more daring (read: scary) than others, but it’s all about having a light hand. Even red, which could give off a Playboy Mansion vibe, is doable.  “Try a deep, deep red and everything else in more muted colors, like a khaki,” says Stanley.  “Rather than a huge, bright red comforter, think about doing just a flat sheet and some pillows so that the color is more like an accent than the main part of the bed.”

Need more color inspo? Check out more of Romanek and Stanley’s Pinterest-worthy combos at HiFlaneur.com.
 
/n