NEW PICS: Tori Spelling Downsizes to This $10,500 a Month Rental Home in Encino/n
Tori Spelling has come a long way since her early years growing up in one of the most expensive homes in the U.S. dubbed ‘The Manor.’
Only today, things aren’t looking quite as upscale for the actress. That’s because amid cheating allegations and financial woes, the reality star and her hubby Dean McDermott have reportedly downsized their living arrangements by trading their mansion in Thousand Oaks, Calif. for this $10,500 a month rental.
And CB! has the first inside pics.

The Spelling-McDermott clan recently moved out of the super swanky gated community of Sherwood Country Club where they had been renting this sprawling 10,000 square foot spread since 2012.

Photo: MLS
And just last month the 40-year-old moved into this much more modest traditional Tudor in L.A.’s Encino neighborhood.

Photo: MLS
Although it’s certainly not what you’d call slumming it, the pad is not quite what Spelling has been accustomed to as Hollywood TV royalty.
The new place she’s calling home has enough room for their children — Liam, 6, Stella, 5, Hattie, 2, and 16-month-old Finn with 6 bedrooms and an ample 8 bathrooms…

Tori Spelling, Dean McDermott and their brood at the Disney On Ice “Rockin’ Ever After” premiere Dec. 12. Photo: Splash
And there’s no question it could use an upgrade (or two) from the dated cabinetry to the gaudy drapes (and overall drab feel.)
But let’s focus on the positive, shall we. There’s more than 6,500 square feet and plenty of fancy-ish features to keep the reality star feeling comfortable with a dramatic foyer entrance and marble floors, sweeping staircase, formal living room with fireplace, banquet-sized dining room, semi makeshift-looking media/game room, gym, 2 walk-in master closets, and a pool with a slide that’s sure to win over the kiddos.
Let’s go inside Tori and Dean’s new digs in the CB! gallery above.


take a tour of ellen degeneres' brand new $40 million l.a. mansion 








































41 Photos »


/n