famous faces such as Kerry Washington and Kate Middleton.  The mag's best dressed list featured two VF International Best-Dressed Challenge winners, Hallie Swanson and Darren Henault, who posted photos of their chic ensembles via social.../n
Vanity Fair has placed profiles of two everyday citizens on their annual best dressed list alongside famous faces such as Kerry Washington and Kate Middleton. The mag's best dressed list featured two VF International Best-Dressed Challenge winners, Hallie Swanson and Darren Henault, who posted photos of their chic ensembles via social media. Swanson, a fashion blogger based in Los Angeles, is fond of "different styles and patterns of jeans" and her all-time favorite accessory, a Chanel 2.55 bag. The blogger credits Australian model Miranda Kerr as one of her style inspirations.

Henault, an interior designer who lives in New York City, has a mix of influences, telling the mag that "Bill Blass with a touch of Pee-Wee Herman and the Mad Hatter thrown in," are his primary style icons. He also boasts a fur hat collection, naming "the mink top hat I had made in Florence" as his favorite item of clothing.Vanity Fair also revealed an International Best-Dressed Challenge winner for June: Kamau Hosten, a student at Florida International University in Miami, was named the best dressed for the month, citing his "proper, elegant and simple" style for the win.

Hosten is inspired most by the men of a golden era: "My personal style represents a sort of return to the elegance and the etiquette that I admire from a lot of the black-and-white movies that I grew up watching. The Carey Grants and Humphrey Bogarts that I would watch," he said. "In real life you had your dapper people, like Malcolm X, like JFK. And these are the guys that I remember looking up to always, saying how sharp they were—how elegant, how poised and polished they were. I feel that my style represents a nod to that era."But Hosten also acknowledges some modern facets to his style, admitting, "I try to inject a little bit of color here and there, where I can."Want to join the ranks of Hallie, Darren and Kamau? Submit photos of yourself via Twitter, Instagram or Trendabl using the hashtag #vfbestdressed. Or go to VF.com and submit your picture directly on the site. The magazine's readers will vote for their favorite looks, and VF's editors will keep track of the votes to name a weekly winner. There's no limit to the number of submitted snapshots!
/n