"American Idol" Punk-Boy's Shocking X-mas Rant!/nTMZ has unearthed this unbelievable video of former hardcore punk-rocker turned future  "American Idol " wannabeen Danny Noriega going off on a crazazy rant on the baby Jesus' birthday.Noriega posted the salacious nonsense on MySpace in which the sass-master himself sends some pretty disturbing and vile Christmas tidings to the world. Screw you dude!     "Idol " Wannabe Goes Topless -- And Strips, Too?  Every  "American Idol " seems to have a skin scandal, and this year's involves pretty guy David Hernandez, a gay strip club, and a big trove of half-nude pics of David tending bar.Hernandez worked a bartender at a gay club and the saucy snaps of that gig have landed on VoteForTheWorst.com. And today, the manager of a strip club called Dick's Cabaret in Glendale, Ariz. tells the AP that Hernandez performed fully nude and did lap dances for the mostly male clientele at Dick's -- and  "made good money " to boot.No word if he'll face the fate of Season Three's Frenchie Davis -- or last year's Antonella Barba. FOX tells TMZ,  "We don't comment on the personal lives of the show participants. "    Paris' Guru EXPOSED!  So you didn't think Paris Hilton was phony enough? Her  "Guru " that has supposedly changed her life is actually a Hollywood actor. His name is Maxie Santillan. He's starred in tons of films and TV shows including  "My Name is Earl " and  "Pirates of the Caribbean. " According to IMDB, Maxie's latest projects are all in  "post production " so clearly he has enough free time to whore it up for Paris.BTW, Maxie's MySpace profile quote makes it clear -- he's the perfect spiritual guide for Paris. It reads,  "Burbank can kiss my a**. "     The Hulk's Sexy Body Slam?  Check out Hulk Hogan's reported mistress, Christiane Plante, doing her best MySpace /Facebook pose. Plante is a former close friend of Brooke Hogan ... but then she went all, 'ooh, I'm totally gonna hook up with your hot old dad.' And, as you may have guessed, the friendship went downhill from there. Brooke lashed out against Plante in a rant on her MySpace blog (which has since been removed) stating,  "When your best friend and one of your closest family members that you have loved unconditionally since your first day on this earth, betrays you together, you could MAYBE find it in yourself to forgive one day...but you will NEVER forget the hurt they caused you and how it hurt the people who mean the most to you. " And then she probably removed Plante from her top friends.    Ashlee Simpson, Drunk or Dingbat?  Ashlee Simpson was on DC's Hot 99.5 this morning and came off sounding a bit dazed and confused. The Other Simpson Girl giggled about getting a new tattoo and how her favorite lyric to one of her songs goes something like this,  "grbbll bllahhh drrrr uhhhhh. "    McCready: Let Me Watch My Screwed Up Life!  Countrywreck Mindy McCready's sob story of drug abuse and DUI was on the tee-vee last night and guess where she decided to watch it ... with a bunch of complete strangers ... at a BAR.TMZ spies caught Mindy Mac at Ted's Montana Grill in Nashville, TN, sipping on a glass of wine and then demanding that the bar manager change the station to her segment on  "Access Hollywood. " Sources inside the bar tell us Mindy was very amused with herself ... but then got choked up about her own plight.Mindy has had a string of issues lately including arrests for illegally-obtained prescription painkillers, DUI, and, most recently, battery.    Cops: Cocaine Is Gummi's Drug of Choice  Law enforcement sources tell TMZ that the controlled substance Jason Davis -- aka Gummi Bear -- was busted with over the weekend was in fact cocaine.But we should have seen this one coming -- Check out the story from TMZ TV and check your local listings for show times./n