doing anything similar with potential names for their future prince or princess? You know, Charles vs. Charlotte, Philip vs. Philippa, Henry vs. Henrietta? If they need any last minute suggestions, something tells us Lord Disick could possib.../n
Everyone's on pins and needles waiting for Kate Middleton to go into labor, but dolls, open your eyes: The royal baby is right here!No, not Prince George—Reign Aston Disick, youngest son of Lord Scott Disick! Proud aunt Khloe Kardashian shared a new pic of the 4-month-old cutie on Instagram Tuesday, and while the little Keeping Up With the Kardashians prince wasn't wearing a crown, "Little Baby Reign" was rocking a stylish knit cap most definitely fit for a king!This isn't young Disick's official debut, though: That came earlier this month when mom Kourtney Kardashian Instagrammed this adorable photo of her youngest bundle of joy,  aka, "My little turtle dove angel baby boy Reign Aston Disick."

Kourt has two other turtle dove angels, of course: She and Scott also have son Mason, 5, and their little princess Penelope, 2. And much like Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge, she and Scott couldn't commit to names for any of their babies-to-be while they were still in the womb! (Remember Georgie's name was announced the day after his July 22, 2013 birth?)As Kourt recently told People, "I'm never certain [with names] until they're born..I actually had the name [Reign] on our list with Mason!""Then with Penelope, I had it on the list but spelled R-A-I-N," she added.

During pregnancy No. 3, Kourtney thought she was expecting "a girl in the beginning" and found herself leaning towards the name Rain. "Once I found out I was having a boy, we just changed the spelling again," she explained.Think Wills and Kate are doing anything similar with potential names for their future prince or princess? You know, Charles vs. Charlotte, Philip vs. Philippa, Henry vs. Henrietta? If they need any last minute suggestions, something tells us Lord Disick could possibly provide some regal insight on matters involving monikers...Watch new episodes of Keeping Up With the Kardashians on Sundays at 9/c on E!
/n