EXCLUSIVE! Sophia Bush, Jesse Lee Soffer Tease Linstead's Newest Chicago P.D. Obstacle: Lindsay's Dad "It's kind of a lightbulb moment of the healthiest relationship I have, the person who has my back through high and low.../n
Erin Lindsay (Sophia Bush) and Jay Halstead (Jesse Lee Soffer) are stronger than ever on Chicago P.D.—but that doesn't mean they won't face more obstacles this season. What's different this year is that the couple is leaning on each other more than ever when times get tough."Their relationship has been so solid, but she's just not a person who lets people get all the way in," Bush told E! News in Chicago last week.But after Lindsay was forced to examine where her loyalties lie—and decide whether to cover for Voight—she came to a conclusion about her romantic life as well.

"It's kind of a lightbulb moment of the healthiest relationship I have, the person who has my back through high and low and who has my safety at heart and as a major concern, has always been him," she explained to us. The incident was "a great way to allow her to let her guard down enough to let him in to the extent he'd been asking to."Soffer told us that the Linstead relationship is in a lighter place this year. "It's kind of fun this season; they're not living under Voight's thumb anymore," he said. "They're relaxing a little bit; they're living together; it's a little domesticated. They're talking about where the TV's going to go and where the art's going to go on the walls."

That doesn't mean there won't be anything difficult coming up for them, just that they'll have to turn to each other to get through it."Her father is going to come back in town," Soffer revealed, "and they have a really dark past. I think because of her situation with Jay now she's going to lean on him instead of Voight, so that's going to be really cool too."

Just don't get ahead of yourselves—they might be living together, but let them enjoy that before they start thinking about the future. Says Soffer, "We just moved in, wait a second!"Thanks to the World Series you'll have to wait until Wednesday, Nov. 9 to catch the next new episode of Chicago P.D., which airs at 10 p.m. each week on NBC.(E! and NBC are both part of the NBCUniversal family.)
/n