WATCH: For the First Time, Angelina Jolie Discusses Her Family Life Post-Divorce from Brad Pitt/n





                    Is Angelina Jolie Secretly Dating Jared Leto?
                







Are the rumors true?

 MORE >>





Angelina Jolie offered insight on how her family is coping following her and Brad Pitt’s decision to file for divorce

While speaking to the BBC about her new self-directed, self-produced movie for Netflix, First They Killed My Father, Jolie was asked about the impetus behind her split from Pitt. The filmmaker withheld specifics about the alleged verbal dispute that occurred between Pitt and their son Maddox on their private plane, but she did express the following:
“I don’t want to say very much about that except it was a very difficult time. We are a family and we will always be a family and we will get through this time and hopefully be a stronger family for it.”
“My focus is my children, our children … and my focus is finding this way through,” Jolie continued. “As I said, we are and forever will be a family. I am coping with finding a way through to make sure that this somehow makes us stronger and closer.”


Angelina Jolie's Best Film Roles








































10 Photos »


Pitt and Jolie went their separate ways in September after being together for over a decade and raising six children together. Pitt was cleared of any claims of child abuse by the FBI.
“In response to allegations made following a flight within the special aircraft jurisdiction of the United States which landed in Los Angeles carrying Mr. Brad Pitt and his children, the FBI has conducted a review of the circumstances and will not pursue further investigation. No charges have been filed in this matter,” FBI spokeswoman Laura Eimiller said in a statement.
Jolie is seeking physical custody of their children while Pitt has requested joint custody.
First They Killed My Father tells the story of Cambodian genocide from a child’s perspective and premiered worldwide this weekend in Cambodia. This story is close to Jolie’s heart as her first son Maddox was adopted from the country.
“I’ll always be very grateful to this country,” Jolie told the BBC. “I don’t think I ever could give back as much as this country has given me.”
Watch Jolie’s interview at the top of the page.
/n