Prince Harry Ordered To Stay Away From 'Suits' Girlfriend Meghan Markle/n
Lovesick Prince Harry is desperate to marry his new American actress galpal — Suits stunner Meghan Markle — but his dad Charles, pushed by snooty wife Camilla, has banned the nuptials!
The red-haired royal hunk, 32, has been secretly dating the 35-year-old beauty, who plays paralegal Rachel Zane on the USA Network drama, since meeting her in May at the Invictus Games for disabled military in Canada.
But when he introduced Markle to dad Charles — and his evil stepmom Camilla got wind of the romance — they put their foot down. Both believe the screen siren, who divorced producer Trevor Engelson after two years in 2013, “isn’t worthy of their family,” a palace insider said.
PHOTOS: Kate Middleton Caught Looking Scary Skinny At Wimbledon
Prodded by Camilla, Charles issued Prince Harry a royal decree — “get rid of her — fast!” said the palace source.
“Snooty Camilla doesn’t want another commoner — like William‘s wife Kate — tainting the royal blood and trying to change the monarchy.”
“Camilla likens Meghan to her brother-in-law Prince Andrew‘s ex-wife, Sarah Ferguson,” continued the source. “She triggered public scandals getting photographed having her toes sucked by a lover — and trying to sell access to the royal family.”
PHOTOS: Toosh Too Much For The Monarchy! Kate Middleton’s Most-Naked Photos EXPOSED
Now in control of the royal family following a secret coup, Charles also threatened to cut off Harry’s generous allowance if he doesn’t ditch Markle.
But Harry’s like his adventurous mom, Princess Diana, who defied royal tradition by dating Muslims — a doctor and wealthy playboy Dodi Fayed, who died with her in a 1997 car crash.
Swooning like a teenager, Harry’s been bombarding Markle with late-night sex texts and calls.
PHOTOS: Queen Of The House! Kate Middleton’s Super Strict Parenting Rules Exposed
Meanwhile, Markle’s family is also threatening the romance by spilling the ugly truth about the beauty.
Her wheelchair-bound sister, Samantha Grant, 51, says the actress has turned her back on her financially strapped kin and ignored the plight of their dad Tom, who filed for bankruptcy in June.
“I certainly don’t think Harry or his family would want to associate with her afterward,” said writer Grant.
Could it be over already? Markle is currently staying in London, but Harry’s jetting out of town to Barbados for an event with Rihanna this weekend.
Story developing.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n