got his thing. It's sort of male and female erotic at the same time. Sexy. It seems so impossible that he could even pass away, let alone so young," Inez Van Lamsweerde shared. "It did make me feel very, very sad but also extr.../n
Prince may be gone, but his signature style and iconic status is living on in more ways than one.As fans of the late singer celebrate what would have been his 58th birthday today, V Magazine is sharing never-before-seen photos of the Grammy winner from a previous photo shoot.Whether you're a life-long fan or just discovering the "Purple Rain" singer, the images capture a man who wasn't like the rest of music's biggest stars.In one photograph, Prince is snapped on stage playing his biggest hits in front of a sold-out crowd. With his guitar in hand, the musician is completely in the zone as his band rocks out in the background.The second image gives a close-up of Prince's beauty as he poses at The Joint inside The Hard Rock Hotel and Casino in Las Vegas.

"He's got his thing. It's sort of male and female erotic at the same time. Sexy. It seems so impossible that he could even pass away, let alone so young," Inez Van Lamsweerde shared. "It did make me feel very, very sad but also extremely proud that we had the chance to make these iconic images of him.""His whole incredible career is inspiring, in terms of fashion, in terms of image making, in terms of video making, and of course the music," Inez added. "But just visually, his vision was so big for everyone in my generation. It was just such a treat to have been able to record that ourselves and in our way."In addition to the newly released photos, fans around the world are celebrating the singer's birthday in various ways. In fact, Minnesota Governor Mark Dayton decided to declare "Prince Day" in his own state.

"The untimely passing of Prince on April 21, 2016 impacted millions and has been marked with tributes and celebrations of his life and music around the world," the proclamation stated. "Prince Day will be celebrated in Minnesota on June 7, 2016, Prince's birthday, and Minnesotans are encouraged to wear purple on Prince Day in honor of The Purple One's enduring legacy."And instead of mourning the loss of an unforgettable singer, some friends like Sheila E hope fans will celebrate his life on milestones such as his birthday."I think the fans are doing what he would have wanted them to do, which is celebrate his music. Not mourn him, but celebrate and have parties because he loved to have parties. He loved to entertain," she recently shared with E! News. "You don't realize how many lives he's touched and I don't think he really realized it."
/n