Episcopal Church Names First Female Leader/n
Nevada Bishop Katharine Jefferts Schori has been tapped as the first female bishop of the Episcopal Church, the U.S. arm of the Anglican Communion.  
Schori was elected on Sunday at the Episcopal General Convention. Her appointment may strain the already difficult relations between the American denomination and other Anglicans, the Associated Press reports.  
Although two other Anglican provinces, New Zealand and Canada, have female bishops, many Anglican leaders believe women should not be priests, and the Church of England is currently in the midst of a heated debate over whether to appoint woman bishops.  
Despite the controversy, Jefferts Schori said she was “awed and honored and deeply privileged to be elected.”  
Asked how she planned to handle opposition, Jefferts Schori, a former oceanographer, recalled a science research cruise she once took where the captain, who thought she didn’t belong, vowed not to speak with her.  
After 15 minutes on board, “He got over it,” she told the AP. “I will bend over backward to build relationships with people who disagree with me,” she added.  
The Rev. Canon Chris Sugden, a leader of Anglican Mainstream, which is a Church of England conservative group, said the election of Jefferts Schori “shows that the Episcopal leaders are going to do what they want to do regardless of what it means to the rest of the communion.”  
Jefferts Schori, 52, became a priest in 1994 after federal funding for her oceanography work ended and she was asked to fill in as a preacher at her local church. In 2001, she was chosen as the leader of the Diocese of Nevada.  
“When I was growing up, girls didn’t aspire to such things. Girls sang in the choir,” she said. But for her, preaching “led me to realize it was something I wanted to do.”  
Jefferts Schori is married and has one daughter. She is also a licensed pilot. She will be installed to her nine-year term at a Nov. 4 ceremony in Washington National Cathedral.  
Her election is not the first time the American branch of the church has caused ripples in the larger community. In 2003, the Episcopal Church angered the Anglican world by electing the first openly gay bishop, V. Gene Robinson of New Hampshire. The Episcopal General Convention will decide this week whether to appease angry overseas archbishops by temporarily barring homosexuals from leading dioceses.  
/n