 Day Of Terror: Nearly 50 People Dead In 3 Attacks In France, Tunisia & Kuwait ––.../n
Terror ran rampant worldwide Friday, as three shocking attacks across the globe — in Tunisia, Kuwait and France — led to more than 50 deaths.
Terror In Tunisia
Two gunmen went on a shooting spree at a beach in Tunisia, killing 27 people, the country’s Interior Ministry spokesman Mohammed Ali Aroui confirmed on Friday. The rampage occurred on a beach resort in Sousse, in between the Soviva and Imperial Marhaba hotels. One of the murderers was killed by security troops who responded to the shooting spree, while another escaped the area. Gary Pine, a tourist in the area from England, said that “there was a mass exodus off the beach” after the gunmen began spraying bullets at the helpless masses. While officials had not yet confirmed the names and identities of all of the victims, most of them were believed to be foreigners, as the holy Muslim month of Ramadan meant that a lot of Muslim Tunisians were not on the shore, the AP reported. An attack at a Tunisian museum in March left 21 tourists, and one native, dead.
PHOTOS: Terrorist Or Sadist? Why Evil Germanwings Co-Pilot Intentionally Crashed Flight — 10 Secrets From The Investigation
Watch the video on RadarOnline.com

16 Dead, 179 Injured In Kuwait
ISIS claimed responsibility for an explosive ambush on a Kuwait City mosque for Shiite Muslims that left at least 16 people dead and 179 people injured, the AP reported. The attacks occurred as a group composed of mostly men and boys were worshipping in the Imam Sadiq Mosque. Among the dead included a human rights activist, and the Kuwait Watch Organization said more were missing in the wake of the attack. ISIS said on a Twitter post that a suicide bomber pulled off the deadly attack using a belt rigged with explosives. Eyewitness Hassan al-Haddad described the immediate relief efforts in the wake of the deadly blast: “We couldn’t see anything, so we went straight to the wounded and tried to carry them out — we left the dead.” ISIS stands in conflict with Shiite Muslims, claiming the ambush took place on a “temple of the apostates.”
Watch the video on RadarOnline.com

Man Decapitated In Attack On French Factory
A suspect in an explosive attack on a French factory was identified by police as Yassine Salhi, who lives in Saint-Priest. Two people, one believed to Salhi’s wife, were taken into custody from their home by officials after Salhi smashed a car into canisters of gas at the Air Products factory, which triggered an explosion. A French businessman in the transportation industry was found decapitated outside the facility, security officials in France said, adding that the victim was likely slaughtered prior to the crash. Two Arabic banners were recovered near the man’s remains. “People who could have participated in this abject crime are in custody after having been arrested,” French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve said.
PHOTOS: Grinning Terrorist: Unseen Images Of Osama Bin Laden’s Original Hideout – His Headquarters In 9 Pics
‘A Month Of Disaster’
To coincide with Ramadan, the holiest month on the Muslim calendar, ISIS leader Abu Mohammad al-Adnani this month had encouraged their followers to embark on a “a month of disaster,” NBC News reported.
A World On Guard
Internationally, leaders had all gotten into defense mode as news spread of the series of attacks worldwide. Britain Prime Minister David Cameron convened an emergency security meeting in London while France has beefed up security in the wake of the attack at the factory. /n