Lawrence Phillips' Mother & Lawyers Say Note Found In The Jailed NFL Star's Suicide Does NOT Match His Handwriting!/n

This is an interesting development.
As we previously reported, Lawrence Phillips was found dead in his jail cell from an apparent suicide. However, the ex-NFL star's mother, Juanita, and defense attorneys are saying that a note found in the scandalized sports star's shoe does not match his handwriting.
The late athlete — who had been accused of killing his cellmate while serving a 31-year sentence — had written multiple letters to his mother and lawyers, and they're saying the penmanship is not the same.
Related: Eminem's Sister-In-Law Found Dead
One of the football player's legal reps, Clayton Campbell, told USA Today that the note "said, and this to the best of my recollection, 'Did you hear the one about the football player who hung himself from the TV mount in his cell?' And where it said football player, it looked like somebody after the fact put the letter 'X' before 'football,' so it said 'X-football player.'"
His other lawyer, Jesse Whitten, described the other side of the note, saying: 

"It was something like, ‘What's the black person do?' And it ended with like, ‘They should just die.' It was kind of dark, but it could have pertained to the attitude of how he was being treated (in prison)."

A spokeswoman for the California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation didn't discuss the piece of paper, commenting:

"I have no background about that.”

But she did say that the former running back was in solitary confinement at the time that he died, and explained that guards check on the inmates in segregated housing every thirty minutes.
Jesse revealed that he first saw the note when Lawrence's mother was collecting her son's possessions, and has not spoken to police about it, adding:

"There's just a lot of unanswered questions at this point, and I'm not very confident that the prison is really investigating all of the possibilities."

Dan Chamberlain, the lawyer for the 40-year-old's estate, is "highly suspicious" of the supposed suicide because the player just had a preliminary hearing for his murder charges, saying:

"All of a sudden he comes back from his court hearing and he kills himself? I find that incredibly skeptical. I'm going to pursue this thing a long way, I can promise you. Because what I've seen so far, it does not seem correct."

Dan will be hiring civil right attorneys to investigate Lawrence's death. The coroner initially ruled his passing a suicide, but there won't be more information until the autopsy is over in a few months.
Our hearts go out to everyone affected during this trying time.
[Image via Getty Images.]
/n