Christina and Tarek El Moussa to Return for More ‘Flip or Flop’ Episodes/n





                    'Flip or Flop' Star Tarek El Moussa Dated His Kids' Former Nanny
                







What?!

 MORE >>










                    Tarek and Christina El Moussa Want Another Season of 'Flip or Flop'
                







Their marriage may be over, but Tarek and Christina El Moussa are fighting like hell to keep their TV show alive.

 MORE >>





Christina and Tarek El Moussa are getting back together — well, at least onscreen.

The former couple, who parted ways a year ago after seven years of marriage, have been confirmed to return for an extended seventh season of HGTV’s Flip or Flop. Despite their ongoing divorce proceedings, Christina and Tarek have agreed to appear on more episode of their hugely popular home renovation series — pushing the current season to 20 episodes.
“Tarek and I have been working together for a long time and we look forward to continuing to work together on Flip or Flop,” Christina tells People in a statement.
Tarek adds, “From the beginning, HGTV has shown Christina and me tremendous support and we are excited to go out there and flip many more houses for Flip or Flop.”



BREAKING NEWS!!!!!! It’s time to announce that our show, the OG Flip or Flop is being renewed for 20 episodes… I know many of our fans have been wondering about this and it’s finally happening. Regardless of the situation, our job is to flip homes and create a TV show for people to enjoy around the world… be prepared for some disasters and crazy projects on the upcoming season… it’s almost… GO TIME! Who’s excited about this??? I am!
A post shared by Tarek El Moussa (@therealtarekelmoussa) on Apr 24, 2017 at 7:05pm PDT



Premiered in 2013, Flip or Flop has since spawned several spinoffs based in Las Vegas, Atlanta, Fort Worth, Nashville and Chicago. The word is still out of the network plans renew the show for an eighth season.
As previously reported, the duo’s marital problems came to light in 2016 when it was revealed Christina had called the cops on Tarek that May after an explosive fight. At the time, police responded to a domestic disturbance call about a “possibly suicidal male with a gun” and eventually found Tarek wandering in the woods nearby his Orange County home.
Tarek filed for divorce this January.


Christina El Moussa Spotted Without Wedding Ring 








































12 Photos »


/n