Chris Soules Deletes Instagram Account as Relative of Car Accident Comes to His Defense/n





                    It’s Over for Chris Soules and Whitney Bischoff
                







Farewell, farewell

 MORE >>





Bachelor alum Chris Soules wiped his Instagram account after he was involved in a fatal accident on Tuesday (Apr. 25, 2017).

Robert Roepke, whose daughter is married to the victim’s son, came to Soules’ defense in a statement to People. Roepke told the magazine, “I believe it was a very tragic, sad accident that took the life of a guy that was just coming home from work. This is corn planting time, the best time of the year for a farmer. Kenny [Kenneth Mosher] was working on one of the farms just a little north of Aurora and I think he was just coming home. For Chris, what happened was just a freak accident.”
Roepke attested that Soules is dedicated to his farming and comes from a “good family.”
“He’s got a great life ahead of him,” added Roepke. “This is a serious bump in the road and I don’t know about his [alleged] alcohol issue but I just know that this was a huge mistake. It’s something he’s going to have to deal with for the rest of his life. It just ended very tragically.”


Celebrity Mugshots of 2016








































7 Photos »


Soules was arrested early in the morning on Tuesday around 1:16 a.m after his truck collided into the rear of Mosher’s tractor, which sent both cars into roadside ditches. Soules was allegedly in possession of alcoholic beverages in his vehicle. TMZ reports that police didn’t make contact with Soules until a few hours after the accident when they found him at his house.
It was later confirmed that Soules was released after he posted his $10,000 for bail.
A spokesperson for Soules released the following statement:
“Chris Soules was involved in an accident Monday evening (April 24) in a rural part of Iowa near his home. He was devastated to learn that Kenneth Mosher, the other person in the accident, passed away. His thoughts and prayers are with Mr. Mosher’s family.”
/n