Here’s the ‘Love Actually’ Reunion You’ve All Been Waiting For/n





                    David Cameron Gave a Great 'Love Actually' Speech 
                







Hugh Grant would be proud. 

 MORE >>










                    Is Love Actually Dead? 
                







Here's what we think about celebrity breakups. 

 MORE >>





Be still my heart! More than a decade later, the cast of Love Actually has finally reunited for a (mini) sequel to the romantic classic.

Liam Neeson, who played a widowed father in the 2003 flick, got back together with his onscreen son, Sam (Thomas Brodie-Sangster), to film a 10-minute scene in London on Thursday (Feb. 16, 2017). The duo were joined by Olivia Olson, who portrayed Sam’s love interest, on the South Bank as they shared an adorable family hug.
We’re certainly glad to see that little Sam — now all grown up — has kept in touch with his childhood crush!





CREDIT: FameFlynet


According to a press release, the follow-up is written by Richard Curtis, one of the original scribes of the movie, and will revisit the original characters’ various relationships in the present day. The short film will premiere on BBC One in the U.K. on March 24 as part of 2017’s Red Nose Day campaign, an annual charity telethon dedicated to raising funds for children living in poverty.
“I would never have dreamt of writing a sequel to Love Actually, but I thought it might be fun to do 10 minutes to see what everyone is now up to,” Curtis said in a statement. “We hope to make something that’ll be fun — very much in the spirit of the original film and of Red Nose Day.”


more photos from the 'love actually' reunion








































11 Photos »


Much of the original cast are slated to return, including Hugh Grant, Keira Knightley, Colin Firth, Andrew Lincoln, Bill Nighy and Rowan Atkinson.
“We’ve been delighted and grateful that so many of the cast are around and able to take part — and it’ll certainly be a nostalgic moment getting back together and re-creating their characters 14 years later,” Curtis added.
The press release did not state if Emma Thompson, Martin Freeman, Chiwetel Ejiofor, Laura Linney and Rodrigo Santoro will reprise their respective roles. Alan Rickman, whose storyline was arguably one of the most heartbreaking in the film, passed away in January 2016 before the project was announced.





/n