Sofia Richie Responds to Scott Disick Dating Rumors/n





                    Bella Thorne Insists 'Legit Nothing' Is Happening Between Her and Scott Disick Despite Photos from Cannes
                







No romance here. 

 MORE >>










                    Scott Disick Cozies Up to a Dripping Wet Bella Thorne in Cannes
                







PDA alert! 

 MORE >>





No, Sofia Richie isn’t dating Scott Disick.

The 18-year-old model hit back at romance rumors after photos of her looking flirty with the 34-year-old Keeping Up with the Kardashians star surfaced online.
In the photos, which were taken over the weekend, a bikini-clad Richie was spotted partying aboard a luxury yacht with Disick as they cruised around Cannes, France. In one shot, Disick picked up the Richie in his arms and carried her around their private boat — prompting speculations that the two were more than friends.
“Just so everyone can get their panties out of their asses, Scott and I are just homies,” Richie tweeted Sunday (May 28, 2017). “#Relax.”

Just so everyone can get their panties out of their asses, Scott and I are just homies #relax
— Sofia Richie (@sofiarichie) May 28, 2017

Richie also shared a selfie with Disick and their mutual friends, writing on Instagram, “I don’t think we could have a better time.”



A post shared by Sofia Richie (@sofiarichie) on May 28, 2017 at 8:49pm PDT



During his time in Cannes, Disick was also seen canoodling with actress Bella Thorne, model Ella Ross, and once-rumored girlfriend Chloe Bartoli. Thorne, 19, later addressed rumors she was hooking up with the father-of-three, tweeting, “I’m not talking to scott or anyone else.”
Despite pictures of them getting cozy by a pool, the Famous in Love star claimed she did “legit nothing” with Disick.
Hahahah I’m not talking to scott or anyone else. #dontfuckwithit https://t.co/L2MHtOVmKn
— bella thorne (@bellathorne) May 26, 2017


Legit nothing trolololo https://t.co/t9eW4B17oI
— bella thorne (@bellathorne) May 26, 2017


/n