Ice Cream Company Turns Up The Heat, Says Dina Lohan Abused Free Card/n
UPDATE: It looks like the ice cream company is suffering from brain freeze. After alleging that only Lindsay Lohan had a VIP card for free ice cream and only Lindsay could use it, Carvel has now changed its story. The company’s rep tells RadarOnline.com: “After speaking with Dina Lohan, it now appears that Ali may in fact have her own card.  While Ali originally was on our list, we thought we ended up deciding against issuing her one.  That now appears to not be the case. As I explained to her, it doesn’t change the story…because Ali wasn’t there either.  Neither girls have been with Dina when she’s attempted (& successfully) used the card since 2009.  It’s not a big deal, but I wanted you to have that update.”
Who knew ice cream could be so controversial?
Dina Lohan had a meltdown and now the ice cream company she’s angry with is turning up the heat on her!
As RadarOnline.com reported exclusively early Thursday, Dina says an employee at an ice cream store called police after she tried to use a VIP card that gives her free ice cream.
PHOTOS:  Lindsay Lohan – No Pain, No Gain?
The crazy scenario unfolded at Carvel’s ice cream store and Dina told RadarOnline.com that four police cars responded!
PHOTO:  Lindsay Topless In Manhattan
Now Carvel’s is dishing their version of what really happened, claiming that the VIP Black card Dina tried to use was issued to Lindsay, that only Lindsay is entitled to use it and the Lohan family has been abusing the card consistently.
PHOTOS:  Lindsay Lohan Parties In Hollywood
The company’s version of the rocky road that led to police involvement is explained in this statement it issued to RadarOnline.com:
PHOTOS:   Stars Who Have Been Arrested
“As part of Carvel’s 75th Anniversary celebration last year, we issued 75 Black Cards to celebrities.  These cards were issued in the celebrity’s name and require the card holder to be present at the time of use. Many celebrities have enjoyed their cards at our Carvel Ice Cream shoppes and have shared their excitement with being included in the celebration.
PHOTO:  Lindsay Rocks A White Bikini
“Unfortunately, the Lohan family has been abusing the card. While the card was issued in Lindsay’s name only, her extended family has repeatedly used the card without her present.   At first, we graciously honored their requests while explaining that the Black Card was not a carte blanche for unlimited Carvel Ice Cream for the extended Lohan family and friends.  After more than six months of numerous and large orders for ice cream, we finally had to cut off the card and take it back.
PHOTOS:  Actresses Who Can Sing
“Dina Lohan reacted badly and called the police to have her card returned. The police responded and did return the card to Dina with instructions not to use it again.
PHOTOS:  Stars Who Have Been Arrested
“This is an unfortunate situation where certain people feel entitled to use a celebrity’s name for their own purposes.  We regret that the Lohan family is upset and hope this matter is put behind us quickly.” /n