Kylie Jenner Is the Only Person Siding with Caitlyn in Family Feud/n





                    Kim Kardashian Says There's "Zero" Chance Kris Jenner Will Never Speak to Caitlyn Again
                







Bad blood is thicker than water. 

 MORE >>










                    Kim Kardashian Says Caitlyn Jenner "F**ked Everyone Over"
                







And Kris Jenner "100 percent" agrees!

 MORE >>





Even Caitlyn Jenner’s own daughters are Team Kris Jenner.

As the Olympian continues to feud with her ex-wife over the contents of her tell-all memoir, which claims she was mistreated by Kris during their 26-year marriage, Kendall and Kylie Jenner’s relationship with their dad has become “very strained,” according to E! News.
A source tells the publication Kendall “rarely speaks” to Caitlyn after she made accusations about Kris “hoarding” their family’s money in The Secrets of My Life, saying, “Kendall is loyal to Kris and has very little to do with her dad. The more time that has passed, the more she feels Caitlyn has let her down with the things she has said and with her actions.”


Caitlyn and Kris Jenner Attend Kendall's Fashion Show 








































9 Photos »


Those familiar with the situation claim Kylie is the only family member who is still in contact with Caitlyn. However, the young reality star is said to be finding herself at odds with the rest of her sisters, who have all sided with Kris amidst the drama.
“Kylie has really made an effort not to take sides and to be supportive of Caitlyn. She really wants to have a relationship with her dad, but Caitlyn has hurt Kris tremendously and it’s made it very difficult,” an insider shares.
“With everyone in the family on Kris’ side, it’s hard on Kylie,” the source continues. “She tries to keep it separate and doesn’t want to discuss it with the rest of the family.”


Caitlyn Jenner supports Kylie Jenner's Lip Kit Launch 








































11 Photos »


According to Caitlyn, she has not spoken to Kris or Kim Kardashian — the two people who she confirms has read her book — since her memoir’s release. She hopes to “let everything calm down” before extending an olive branch to the rest of the clan.
“There’s a lot of drama in the Kardashian family,” she told Australia’s Today show last month. “This is my book about my opinions on things that had happened with me and my family. Any time I express my opinion, you know, with my family, there’s always challenges in doing that.”


the evolution of caitlyn jenner








































28 Photos »


/n