TMZ Live: Oscar 'Blade Runner' Pistorius -- The Backstory to Model Girlfriend's Murder/nOscar Pistorius -- the double-amputee Olympic sprinter -- is now charged with shooting and killing his model girlfriend. We'll tell you what we uncovered about alleged domestic violence in his past -- and what people in her life are saying about the couple.Plus, Chubby Checker -- legendary singer of  "The Twist " -- joins us to explain why he's suing over an app called the 'Chubby Checker' ... which determines penis size. Hmm ... wonder why he's pissed? Also, Australian hurdler Michelle Jenneke -- known for her sexy pre-race dance -- will now be known for her Sports Illustrated swimsuit spread. Is she trading her cleats for a bikini? We got her on a video chat to find out.    (0:00) An absolutely shocking story -- handicapped Olympian Oscar Pistorious is charged with murdering his girlfriend. We'll tell you why you shouldn't convict him quite yet.  (5:00) Audio recordings reveal police purposely set the cabin that Christopher Dorner was holed up in on fire. Was it the right call?(10:00) Chris Brown is heckled outside of a club -- was he stupid to yell back at the guy.  (14:15) Australian hurdler Michelle Jenneke -- famous for her sexy pre-race dance -- joins the show to talk about her unbelievably sexy new Sports Illustrated photo shoot. (18:00) Chubby Checker is pissed off an an app called  "The Chubby Checker " -- which claims to be able to judge a man's penis length by the size of his shoe. Chubby calls in to vent his frustration.  (24:00) Lil Wayne drops a really offensive lyric about Emmett Till -- the Black teenager who was brutally beaten to death in 1955 for whistling at a white lady.  (28:00) Lena Dunham's show  "Girls " is being put on blast by the guys in the newsroom ... you gotta hear what they think is wrong with the show. (32:00) Rapper Eve doesn't think Britney Spears actually sings on her track with Will.I.Am ... take a listen and judge for yourself.  (34:00) A brutal fight on  "For Love & Hip Hop " -- and we have video of it.  (36:00) The floor is yours! (41:00) It's once again time for ... Tim's rejected pitches!/n