Loved The Night Of? These TV Shows Should Be Next on Your Binge List So you finished The Night Of and know who killed Andrea (Sofia Black-D'Elia). You've successfully taken a deep dive into Riz Ahmed, the man who starred as Nasir &.../n
So you finished The Night Of and know who killed Andrea (Sofia Black-D'Elia). You've successfully taken a deep dive into Riz Ahmed, the man who starred as Nasir "Naz" Khan. What's next? What will fill your crime TV addiction?Well, there's always Dateline and 48 Hours, never discount a classic like those news programs, but if you're looking for something with a little more sensationalism then did you come to the right place because we've got the recommendations you've been looking for. If you liked The Night Of, try…

The Fall (scripted)The stars: Gillian Anderson, Jamie Dornan, Archie Panjabi, Bronagh Waugh, Colin MorganWhere to watch: NetflixThe story: The X-Files' Anderson plays Stella Gibson, a detective called in to stop a serial killer (Fifty Shades of Grey's Dornan). It's a game of cat and mouse that's exhilarating and engrossing—you'll probably be attracted to both the leads, which is fine, don't feel weird about it. The first two seasons are on Netflix now with a third and final one on the way. And yes, season two wasn't as good as season one, but we're getting an ending. Enjoy the thrilling ride.

Broadchurch (scripted)The stars: David Tennant, Olivia ColemanWhere to watch: Netflix, BBC AmericaThe story: If you saw Fox's American adaptation starring Tennant and Anna Gunn, well, try to forget it (even though Gunn is good). This is the show you want. The first season followed the search for a young boy's murderer in a small town. Season two followed the trial for the murderer and the Sandbrook murder case. A third season is in the works.

Happy Valley (scripted)The stars: Sarah Lancashire, Siobhan FinneranWhere to watch: NetflixThe story: Lancashire plays Catherine Cawood, a police sergeant who is still grappling with the suicide of her daughter. She's divorced and lives with her sister, Clare (Finneran), a recovering addict. They're raising Catherine's grandson, a product of Becky's rape, and soon Catherine finds out the man who raped her daughter is out of prison and she becomes obsessed with finding him. Other crimes come up and Catherine follows the trail. The second season finds Catherine implicated in a string of murders.

Making a Murderer (unscripted)The stars: Steven Avery, Brendan DasseyWhere to watch: NetflixThe story: Netflix's documentary series has been generating headlines for almost an entire year. The 10-episode first season—a second season is in the works—follows the story of Avery, a man wrongfully imprisoned for a brutal rape. He's released and then fingered for a murder.

The Case of: JonBenét Ramsey (unscripted)The stars: Jim Clemente, Dr. Henry Lee, James Kolar, Dr. Werner Spitz, James Fitzgerald, Laura Richards, Stan BurkeWhere to watch: CBSThe story: Original investigators in the murder of JonBenét Ramsey and a team of newcomers look back into the case 20 years after the young girl's murder. The team will introduce new theories and reproduce the Ramsey house and conduct new interviews. The six-part series airs nightly beginning Sunday, Sept. 18 on CBS.None of these sound up your alley? There's always Investigation Discovery, your source for all things true crime.
/n