 Family From Hell! Michelle Duggar’s Lesbian Sister Evelyn Filed For Bankruptcy -- Got.../n
With their popular reality show, real estate investments and speaking engagements around the country, Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar have reportedly accumulated $3.5 million. But when Michelle’s own sister hit hard times, the fervent Christians didn’t lend a helping hand.
RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal that Evelyn Ruark, who identifies as a lesbian, filed for chapter 7 bankruptcy in Cincinnati, Ohio on March 3, 2007, long after her little sister’s family found fame and fortune partially from right-wing activism, including same-sex marriage protests.
According to court documents obtained by Radar, Ruark earned just $860 a month as a resident manager for a property management company. She claimed a mere $2,240 in personal property, including a 1994 Nissan pickup truck worth just $1,200.
READ THE SHOCKING COURT DOCUMENTS
She also declared that she had access to longtime partner Sharon Callahan’s property, which included clothing, Christmas ornaments, fishing poles, picture albums, stuffed animals and suitcases.
Her debts totaled $44,597 — but she had only $50 in a checking account she said she shared “with a friend.” (The 63-year-old has been living with Callahan, 52, for many years.)
Ruark owed Chase bank $14,291, Discover credit card brand $10,942, and Sears department store $16,475.
PHOTOS: Hot Mama! ’19 Kids And Counting’ Star Michelle Duggar’s Wild Past Exposed In 10 Shocking Photos
Others creditors included Macy’s, Kohls and Dillards.
After completing a personal finance management program, she was granted a discharge on June 16, 2007.
While her sister suffered financially, Jim Bob, 49, and Michelle, 48, have prided themselves on remaining debt-free while parenting 19 children.
PHOTOS: 12 More Secrets & Scandals — And Counting! A Dozen Times The Duggars & Their Associates Took Things Too Far
“God totally changed my view of not only His purposes for finances, but also how we are to be wise stewards of everything God entrusts to us,” Jim Bob wrote on the family’s official blog.
Should Jim Bob and Michelle have helped out her sister Evelyn? Sound off in the comments. /n