Taylor Swift Didn’t Buy A Home Next To Kennedys Says Realtor/n
By Jon Boon – Radar Reporter
Taylor Swift DID NOT buy a home next to the Kennedy compound in Hyannis Port, RadarOnline.com reports.
According to People.com, the 22-year-old Nashville-based singer purchased a property in Massachusetts opposite boyfriend Conor Kennedy’s grandmother Ethel’s house.
PHOTOS: The 10 Steamiest Celebrity Summer Romances!  
It was even reported that a realtor confirmed Swift splashed out on the $4.9 million seven bedroom and five bathroom mansion: “It’s in a beautiful location and right across the street from Conor and the Kennedys,” the estate agent told People.
“It’s a beautiful home. She got a nice home, paid fair price. The house was on the market for two to four years.”
PHOTOS:    Hollywood’s Power Couples
However, it turns out that a New York hedge fund manager signed a contract for the house and Swift was never involved, says the real estate agency that DID sell the home!
Paul Grover of Robert Paul Properties revealed the buyer signed the contract for the property at 27 Marchant Ave, Hyannis Port, but the sale isn’t closed yet.
PHOTOS: Robert F. Kennedy Jr. And Cheryl Hines Hit The Beach
As RadarOnline.com previously reported, Taylor and Conor took their romance public last Friday, walking hand-in-hand on the beach.
 The two met on July 4 and immediately hit it off. And it isn’t the first time she has fallen for a Kennedy.
PHOTOS: Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Returns Home One Day After Wife’s Suicide
“I’m just so obessed with the whole history of JFK and RFK,” Swift revealed in an interview with New Yorker Magazine last year, while revealing she had just finished reading a 900-page book called The Kennedy Women.
In May, Conor was dealt a tragic blow when his mom Mary Richardson Kennedy tragically committed suicide and Taylor has reportedly played a major role in helping Conor deal with his loss.
PHOTOS: Robert F. Kennedy Jr. And His Children At Mary Kennedy’s Gravesite 
Taylor is already putting in the groundwork to become another Mrs. Kennedy. As we reported she met Conor’s entire family during stays in Hyannis Port and he was introduced to her family on a trip to Nashville.
RELATED STORIES:
Taylor Swift And Conor Kennedy Take Their Romance PublicHere We Go Again! Taylor Swift Writes Another Revenge Song About Ex BoyfriendBikini Babe Taylor Is Swiftly Becoming A KennedyMeet The Parents! Taylor Swift Takes Conor Kennedy Home /n