deceiving. Incredible intuitive, knife-sharp, and might I say, sexy at her post. I trust her with my life." Pitt's full interview, and more photographs by Inez and Vinoodh, can be seen in V Magazine's Winter 2015 issue, on sta.../n
Brad Pitt is the epitome of a handsome leading man.He makes movies and travels the world with his beautiful wife Angelina Jolie and their equally beautiful six children. But as 51-year-old Pitt tells V Magazine's winter issue, his main role in life is surprisingly normal: He's just a dad.As he tells V Magazine of his life with 40-year-old Jolie, "At the end of the day, we get to be parents, greeting our lovely, crazy children and talking about their day, making sure they brush their teeth."

The Jolie-Pitts have a full house—in addition to mom and dad, there's Maddox, 14, Pax, 11, Zahara, 10, Shiloh, 9 and twins Knox and Vivienne, 7. Pitt and Jolie probably don't get a ton of alone time at home thanks to all the kids, but that gives them all the more reason to work together.In the upcoming drama By the Sea, Jolie is Pitt's co-star and his boss. There might have been an added pressure working on the film with his wife as its director, but Pitt wasn't all that worried. As he explained to V Magazine, "Naturally I didn't want to fail Angie's ideas...her words...but I really had absolute faith we'd figure it out."Pitt and Jolie, who fell in love while shooting the 2005 movie Mr. and Mrs. Smith, were eager to work together again. "If I'm going to work, I want to work with my wife," said Pitt.

Turns out, they're a pretty good match personally and professionally. Pitt gushed that it was "surprising how much I enjoy the direction of my wife," adding, "She's deceiving. Incredible intuitive, knife-sharp, and might I say, sexy at her post. I trust her with my life."Pitt's full interview, and more photographs by Inez and Vinoodh, can be seen in V Magazine's Winter 2015 issue, on stands Nov. 12.Watch the video below for a first look at the making of By the Sea, which hits theaters Nov. 13.
/n