Sharon Osbourne Suffered a Miscarriage After a ‘Frightening’ Dog Attack/n





                    Sharon Osbourne Had a Secret Mental Breakdown Last Year
                







It's been a tough few years for Sharon Osbourne.

 MORE >>










                    Ozzy and Sharon Osbourne Are 'In Love Again'
                







Reunited and it feels so good!

 MORE >>





Sharon Osbourne opened up about the time she suffered a miscarriage.

The 64-year-old, who shares three grown kids — Aimee, Kelly, and Jack Osbourne — with rocker Ozzy Osbourne, revealed on Wednesday’s (Nov. 16, 2016) episode of The Talk that she lost a baby she didn’t know she had when she was 28. Unaware she was pregnant at the time, Sharon said she miscarried after being attacked by two dogs owned by her parents.
“When I was about, oh my lord, 28, I was attacked by a Doberman Pinscher and a Bernese Mountain Dog,” she recalled. “I walked in the door, said hello and bang … The Doberman jumped up and head-butted me — that’s one of the things that they do — and got me down to the ground and they both attacked me.”
Though Sharon’s mom was fortunately at home to step in and help her daughter in time, Osbourne said she still had to seek treatment for the attack. During that time, she found out she had suffered a miscarriage.


Sharon and Ozzy Osbourne Through The Years








































9 Photos »


“I went to hospital and I didn’t know, but I was pregnant and eventually lost the baby,” she remembered. She added about the attack, “It’s the most frightening thing in the world and time goes in slow motion and fear — I was just so fearful, I could do nothing. You’re like a rag doll.”
However, that wasn’t the first bombshell Sharon dropped on her daytime talk show this year. Aside from her brief split with the father of her children, she also admitted to suffering a mental breakdown in 2015 and confessed to catching her husband engaged in a threesome with two nannies once.
“We used to have four nannies, because I had three children,” she shared. “I’m telling you, they were the bane of my existence. They were all wanting to be celebrities. They were all wanting money … I caught two of them in bed with Ozzy!”


Ozzy and Sharon Osbourne Hug It Out








































6 Photos »


/n