Brawl Erupts At Double Murder Hearing Involving 'RHONJ' Star Kim D's Car/n
The double homicide case involving The Real Housewives of New Jersey star Kim DePaola‘s car has taken a Bravo reality TV style turn as a brawl reportedly broke out inside a New Jersey courtroom.
The battle began on Friday after suspects Clarence Williams, 26, and Gerry Thomas, 28, were denied bail in the murder trial for Aaron Anderson, 27, and Antonio Vega Jr., 25, as NJ.com reported.
Both Anderson and Vega were discovered fatally shot and burned to death in an Audi car owned by Kim D. but usually driven by her son Chris earlier this month, as Radar has reported.
The suspects Williams and Thomas made their first court appearance in the Passaic County, NJ, courtroom on Friday, NJ.com reported.
PHOTOS: Kim DePaola Spotted Out For The First Time Since Double Murder Drama
As Thomas was being led out of the courtroom in handcuffs, Anderson’s mother, Michele Ryerson, and one of Thomas’ female relatives reportedly started yelling obscenities at one another.
NJ.com said that someone threw a cell phone at Thomas’ relative and another woman standing on the bench was preparing to throw a sneaker, but was held back by a court officer.
Thomas’ lawyer, Gregg Aprile, demanded the names of the woman involved in the brawl. A spokesman for the Passaic County Sheriff’s office told NJ.com that charges are pending for the person involved in the fight.
In an exclusive interview with Radar, DePaola revealed that she believes the homicides were gang related.
PHOTOS: ‘You Gotta Lie!’ Teresa And Joe Giudice’s 30 Most Shocking Quotes About Their Fraud Charges & Financial Issues
“People are saying my car was tied to the murders, my car was not tied to anyone,” DePaola, 56, told Radar. “Aaron Anderson, a friend of my son, was supposed to drop my son off at the airport, park the car and not use it. But he used the car and then this horrific accident happened.”
DePaola, who has a recurring role on the Bravo series and is known as boutique owner “Kim D,” claimed she was home and her son was in California at the time of the incident.
“The cops never thought I had anything to do with it. This would’ve happened in my car or not,” DePaola said.
Williams and Thomas were arrested on March 20, and appeared in court via video conference from the Passaic County Jail the following day. They plead not guilty to the charges, according to NJ.com.
PHOTOS: Hot Car Trial: Jury Deliberating After Sexting Claims, Gruesome Evidence
Meanwhile, DePaola has told Radar that she plans to have a fundraiser for the victims found in the car.
“There are people they left behind, their families and children. “Three babies were left behind,” she said.
The Bravo star previously told Radar that Anderson was supposed to drop her son Chris Camiscioli, 27, off at the airport and park the car.
“But he used the car and then this horrific accident happened,” Kim D. exclusively told Radar.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n