Have Jill Duggar & Derick Dillard Been Fired From ‘Counting On'?/nA source told The Hollywood Gossip that the network was not pleased about Derick's transphobic comments and may be looking to axe him and his family from the show. "My feeling is that they'll probably get axed soon because of this Jazz situation," the source explained. "[Derick] opened up a can of worms that he never, ever, ever should've cracked a lid on… They're probably not too long for TLC.”Most recently, the network released a new ad for the upcoming season of Counting On, featuring all the young Duggar couples except the Dillards.As previously reported, Jill's husband took to Twitter on Aug. 2 to express his opinions about the network’s decision to broadcast I Am Jazz (a show which documents 16-year-old Jazz’s life as a transgender teen) and his issue with the fact that Jazz identifies as a girl, sending his Twitter followers into a fury!“What an oxymoron... a 'reality' show which follows a non-reality,” Derick captioned a retweet of a TLC tweet about the summer premiere of I Am Jazz. “Transgender’ is a myth. Gender is not fluid; it's ordained by God,” he wrote. A Twitter user then responded, “Is it necessary for a grown man to throw shade at a teenage girl?”Derick then tried to “clarify” his remarks, tweeting, “I want to be clear. I have nothing against him. I only have issue with the words and definitions being propagated here.”Fans were quick to defend Jazz. Many called Derick out for “bullying” a teenage girl. “You mean her,” a twitter user tweeted in response to Derick calling Jazz “him” instead of her. “Use the right pronoun if you have no issue.”Other Twitter users went directly to TLC with their thoughts about Derick’s tweets. “@TLC ARE YOU SERIOUSLY OK WITH THIS??? YOU'RE GONNA ALLOW A GROWN MAN CHILD TO BULLY A CHILD ON YOUR WATCH???” said one tweeter. “Very hypocritical of your family to profit from a network which airs content against your beliefs. Don't like it? Don't associate with it,” wrote another.Do you think TLC will remove the Dillards from the show? Sound off in the comments! A source told The Hollywood Gossip that the network was not pleased about Derick's transphobic comments and may be looking to axe him and his family from the show. "My feeling is that they'll probably get axed soon because of this Jazz situation," the source explained. "[Derick] opened up a can of worms that he never, ever, ever should've cracked a lid on… They're probably not too long for TLC.”Most recently, the network released a new ad for the upcoming season of Counting On, featuring all the young Duggar couples except the Dillards.As previously reported, Jill's husband took to Twitter on Aug. 2 to express his opinions about the network’s decision to broadcast I Am Jazz (a show which documents 16-year-old Jazz’s life as a transgender teen) and his issue with the fact that Jazz identifies as a girl, sending his Twitter followers into a fury!“What an oxymoron... a 'reality' show which follows a non-reality,” Derick captioned a retweet of a TLC tweet about the summer premiere of I Am Jazz. “Transgender’ is a myth. Gender is not fluid; it's ordained by God,” he wrote. A Twitter user then responded, “Is it necessary for a grown man to throw shade at a teenage girl?”Derick then tried to “clarify” his remarks, tweeting, “I want to be clear. I have nothing against him. I only have issue with the words and definitions being propagated here.”Fans were quick to defend Jazz. Many called Derick out for “bullying” a teenage girl. “You mean her,” a twitter user tweeted in response to Derick calling Jazz “him” instead of her. “Use the right pronoun if you have no issue.”Other Twitter users went directly to TLC with their thoughts about Derick’s tweets. “@TLC ARE YOU SERIOUSLY OK WITH THIS??? YOU'RE GONNA ALLOW A GROWN MAN CHILD TO BULLY A CHILD ON YOUR WATCH???” said one tweeter. “Very hypocritical of your family to profit from a network which airs content against your beliefs. Don't like it? Don't associate with it,” wrote another.Do you think TLC will remove the Dillards from the show? Sound off in the comments! /n