Ariana Grande Announces a Benefit Concert for Manchester Victims in a Letter to Fans/n





                    Ariana Grande's Tour Is Officially Suspended
                







An act of safety

 MORE >>





Ariana Grande penned a letter to her fans announcing that she will return to Manchester, England once again to put on a benefit concert for the victims of the Manchester Arena terror attack.

Grande shared her message on Friday afternoon (May 26, 2017) via Instagram, offering her prayers and condolences to the victims of the Manchester attack and their loved ones.
“There is nothing I or anyone can do to take away the pain you are feeling or to make this better,” Grande wrote. “However, I extend my hand and heart and everything I possibly can give to you and yours, should you want or need my help in any way.”
She said that she has been thinking about her fans non-stop over the past week. “The way you have handled all of this has been more inspiring and made me more proud than you’ll ever know,” said Grande. “The compassion, kindness, love, strength and oneness that you’ve shown one another this past week is the exact opposite of the heinous intentions it must take to pull off something as evil as what happened Monday.”
“We will not quit or operate in fear. We will not let this divide us. We won’t let hate win.”
She decided that the best way to heal is to return to the place of the attack and host a benefit concert that will raise money for the victims and their families.
“I want to thank my fellow musicians and friends for reaching out to be a part of our expression of love for Manchester. I will have details to share with you as soon as everything is confirmed,” said Grande.


Ariana Grande Performs on 'Jimmy Kimmel Live'








































15 Photos »


She concluded by highlighting the remedial impact that music can have on the soul and how it might be strong enough to heal the world as a whole.
“Music is meant to heal us, to bring us together, to make us happy. So that is what it will continue to do for us. We will continue in honor of the loved ones we lost, their loved ones, my fans and all affected by this tragedy.”
Read the message in its entirety in the post below.



A post shared by Ariana Grande (@arianagrande) on May 26, 2017 at 11:00am PDT



/n