EXCLUSIVE! How George Clooney Helped Vera Farmiga Get Higher George Clooney may not be in Vera Farmiga's directorial debut, Higher Ground, but he definitely had some influence on set. Farmiga said she couldn't help but learn from C.../n
George Clooney may not be in Vera Farmiga's directorial debut, Higher Ground, but he definitely had some influence on set.Farmiga said she couldn't help but learn from Clooney when they were making Up In the Air. Sure, Clooney didn't direct the hit airport dramedy, but...

READ: Jon Hamm's Mad Men Directorial Debut Is in the Can

"The things I learned from George are life lessons," Farmiga told me  the other day while promoting Higher Ground (in theaters today), a drama  about an ultra-religious Christian couple (Farmiga and Joshua Leonard) whose  marriage unravels as the wife begins to question her faith. "He knows how  to operate on a set. He's so unselfish. He's a goofball and he's so  affectionate with the crew and loving and nurturing."He never  pulls any diva shenanigans. "He doesn't hang out in his trailer and  escape between shots," Farmiga said. "He's present and he's engaging. He  makes you feel like you're the most important person in the room. He's  truly invested and curious about who you are. That's rare for a movie  star."Farmiga never had any intentions of directing, but agreed to call the shots on Higher Ground after realizing financing would come easier if  she starred in and directed the flick. She was pregnant during the  shoot.

"About four or dive days after giving birth, we were back in   post-production because Sundance had already seen an early cut and   wanted it for the festival," Farmiga said. "I brought my daughter to the   final sound edits."Farmiga's younger sister, Taissa, makes her  acting debut playing her  character in high school. "She's very  directable," Vera laughed. "She  was 15 at the time and she was just  looking for an adventure. She's very  open and very courageous. It wasn't  something she was necessarily  looking to achieve, but she had no choice  because I asked her to do  it." (Things turned out quite nicely—Taissa costars in the upcoming Ryan  Murphy-created FX series, American Horror Story.)Any plans to direct a more  multiplex-friendly popcorn movie? "No,"  Farmiga said. "It's such a  commitment, but act in a popcorn movie and  replenish my bank account?  Yes."
/n