Beyoncé Pens Emotional Call to Action Letter Following Alton Sterling and Philando Castile's Deaths The ongoing tragedies occurring across the nation in relation to law enforcement and people of color cannot be ignored. Earlier today, B.../n
The ongoing tragedies occurring across the nation in relation to law enforcement and people of color cannot be ignored.Earlier today, Beyoncé penned an open letter which was posted to her website, calling for action in response to the violence that has been brought to light, with the most recent and recorded deaths being those of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile."We are sick and tired of the killings of young men and women in our communities. It is up to us to take a stand and demand that they 'stop killing.' We don't need sympathy. We need everyone to respect our lives. We're going to stand up as a community and fight against anyone who believes that murder or any violet action by those who are sworn to protect us should consistently go unpunished," she wrote."These robberies of lives make us feel helpless and hopeless but we have to believe that we are fighting for the rights of the next generation for the next young men and women who believe in good. This is a human fight. No matter your race, gender or sexual orientation. This is a fight for anyone who feels marginalized, who is struggling for freedom and human rights. This is not a plea to all police officers but towards any human being who fails to value life."The war on people of color and all minorities needs to be over. Fear is not an excuse. Hate will not win. We all have the power to channel our anger and frustration into action. We must use our voices to contact the politicians and legislators in our districts and demand social and judicial changes. While we pray for the families of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile, we will also pray for an end to this plague of injustice in our communities."Beyoncé ends the letter by asking people to click into the post to contact the politicians and legislators in their area. "Your voice will be heard."

Additionally, the singer, who is currently on her world Formation tour, stopped her Glasgow concert tonight to have a moment of silence in respect to those whose lives were taken due to police brutality. During that moment of silence, a projection of those victims' names appeared behind her and her dancers on stage.Along with Sterling and Castile, the names of Trayvon Martin, Eric Garner and Freddie Gray illuminated the stage in the lengthy list that ended with, "and countless others."
/n