Bitter Battle Erupts Over Princess Diana Death Car!/n
The rightful owner of Princess Diana‘s death car is demanding the British government return the $2 million wreck — so tourists can take pictures with it!
The Mercedes-Benz S280 limo is secretly stored somewhere in England, but Frenchman Jean-Francois Musa wants it displayed in an American museum “as a mark of respect” for the “People’s Princess.”
“I haven’t seen my car for nearly two decades,” Musa, 58, told RadarOnline.com in a blockbuster world exclusive interview. “It’s legally mine, but it was shipped to Britain for the police and judges to inspect over there. It should have been sent back to me years ago, but it never was.”
“All I want to do is finally sort out the paperwork with the insurance company, and give the car to a museum, quite possibly in the United States. It’s a piece of history,” continued Musa.
PHOTOS: The Verdict Is In! Jury Reveals The Hot Car Death Dad’s Fate
“I hired a lawyer at one stage, but the British refuse to budge. It’s a ridiculous situation.”
It’s been nearly 20 years since Diana, the former Princess of Wales, died in Paris at age 36 on Aug. 31, 1997, as a result of injuries sustained when the limo crashed into a concrete wall in the Pont de l’Alma tunnel.
Dodi Fayed, her boyfriend at the time, and Henri Paul, the car’s driver, were pronounced dead at the scene. The only survivor was bodyguard Trevor Rees-Jones.
The British royal family, including Diana’s sons, Princes William and Harry, has always indicated that they want the car disposed of “discreetly,” a source revealed to Radar.
PHOTOS:Alan Thicke’s Ex-Wife Shares ‘Shocking Sadness’ Over Actor’s Death
But legally the wreckage must be returned to Musa, and the metropolitan police have indicated it will be sent back to France.
Musa, who recently closed his Etoile Limousines company after more than 20 years, said: “I have nowhere to put the car myself. But I want to get the insurance finally signed off, and will then arrange for it to be sent on to a museum.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n