Emma Watson Reveals Her Pubic Hair Grooming Routine (And Other Beauty Secrets)!/n

Emma Watson may not be a princess IRL, but she certainly bathes like one!
The Beauty and the Beast star shared her beauty regimen with Into The Gloss, and gurl went into MAD DETAIL!
Photos: Emma Brings The Slayage To Beauty And The Beast Red Carpet!
First, she takes a bath every day. For real. Every day.
She says: 

"I have a bath every single day of my life. And if I can have two or three—amazing. Nothing terrible is going to happen in the bath, so I always find time for that. I'll take phone conversations in the bath, anything. Sometimes I'll use Epsom salts and oils, but my favorite is the C.O Bigelow Apothecary Cold and Flu Soak. Oh my God, it's amazing! It has like eucalyptus and peppermint and bark and Echinacea and ginger… If you're sick, it's the ultimate. It clears out my sinuses and makes me feel really clean.
Another brand I use a lot of is called Lola's Apothecary. They do this incredible milk bath with rose petals that's inspired by Cleopatra. Amazing. Then there's a brand called French Girl Organics that has this great Sea Polish which exfoliates and leaves you moisturized afterwards. I like that because it eliminates a step after the bath."
That is some detail. But what really surprised us came a little later in her routine. She revealed:

"It's funny—I was just talking to my friend before this about how in the Instagram era it's so easy to edit your life so that it looks perfect. But I bleach my top lip and tweeze my eyebrows and you'd never get to see that, even though it's a part of my routine. There's still so much shame around the things you do to get ready while you've got a towel wrapped around your head. It's important to me not to edit that out. I've been bleaching my top lip since I was nine. I don't do it very often, but I do it!"
Wow! We love how open she is, that Belle.
Related: Emma Doesn't Get What Her Tits Have To Do With Feminism
If you appreciate her honesty about that, you ain't seen nothin' yet! And we mean it!
Emma even revealed what it takes to make sure she doesn't get too beastly down there! She explained:

"There's that, and I use Fur Oil. I'll use that anywhere from the ends of my hair to my eyebrows to my pubic hair. It's an amazing all-purpose product."
Fur Oil? It may sound like a product for Prince Adam on one of his more hirsute days, but it's actually conditioner to make pubic hair more soft and manageable, with fewer ingrown hairs.
So the next time you see Emma looking absolutely perfect, remember — she's just a regular gal who conditions her pubes like the rest of us.
[Image via Mario Mitsis/WENN.]
/n