Savannah Chrisley Focuses On Family & Career After Split From Luke Kennard/nA few days after the split, Savannah posted this bible quote, captioning it, “A great reminder on what Love truly is.” The verse reads, “Owe no one anything, except to love each other…You shall love your neighbor as yourself. Love does no wrong to a neighbor; therefore love is the fulfilling of the law.”Savannah also shared this sweet photo with her niece Chloe, writing, “Family above everything! This little one will forever have my heart!! Love you ChloBug!”Savannah is also staying focused on her clothing line, Faith Over Fear, which she’s selling via the Home Shopping Network.Savannah referenced the name of her clothing line when she shared this inspiring quote with her followers in the midst of her split, captioning it: “If life isn't going as you had hoped and you're hurting PLEASE trust in HIM! My faith is what has saved me so hopefully this encourages you to turn to Him and trust Him with your life #FaithOverFear.”After four months of dating, Savannah confirmed last week that she and Luke had broken up. “As a young woman of faith I made the decision that with where Luke and I both are in our careers, it was best to part as friends rather than deal with the pressures of wondering if you are the only one," Savannah said in a statement to E! News."I was brought up to know my worth," she continued. "I'm 20 now and so excited to live my life as beautifully as God intended. I will forever love the Kennard family."Are you surprised Savannah and Luke split? Let us know in the comments below.A few days after the split, Savannah posted this bible quote, captioning it, “A great reminder on what Love truly is.” The verse reads, “Owe no one anything, except to love each other…You shall love your neighbor as yourself. Love does no wrong to a neighbor; therefore love is the fulfilling of the law.”Savannah also shared this sweet photo with her niece Chloe, writing, “Family above everything! This little one will forever have my heart!! Love you ChloBug!”Savannah is also staying focused on her clothing line, Faith Over Fear, which she’s selling via the Home Shopping Network.Savannah referenced the name of her clothing line when she shared this inspiring quote with her followers in the midst of her split, captioning it: “If life isn't going as you had hoped and you're hurting PLEASE trust in HIM! My faith is what has saved me so hopefully this encourages you to turn to Him and trust Him with your life #FaithOverFear.”After four months of dating, Savannah confirmed last week that she and Luke had broken up. “As a young woman of faith I made the decision that with where Luke and I both are in our careers, it was best to part as friends rather than deal with the pressures of wondering if you are the only one," Savannah said in a statement to E! News."I was brought up to know my worth," she continued. "I'm 20 now and so excited to live my life as beautifully as God intended. I will forever love the Kennard family."Are you surprised Savannah and Luke split? Let us know in the comments below./n