Bullied Teen Whitney Kropp Triumphs Over Tormentors At Homecoming Game/n
By Radar Staff
Just weeks ago, 16-year-old Michigan sophomore Whitney Kropp was feeling miserable after bullies at her high school elected her to the homecoming court – not because she was part of the popular crowd – but as a cruel prank.
And after receiving nationwide support, the teen held her head high as she courageously walked out on the field during the homecoming football game at Ogemaw Heights High School on Friday to accept the honor.
PHOTOS: Acne Plagued Youtube Star Turns Catwalk Model
More than 1,000 people turned up to support Whitney who has seen local businesses in her town rally to her support to provide her with her dress, a new hair style, professional photos, free dinner and a manicure and make-up to get her glammed up for the occasion.
“The kids that are bullying you, do not let them bring you down,” she told the crowd during half-time. “Stand up for what you believe in and go with your heart and go with your gut.”
PHOTOS: Stars Who Look Like Other Stars 
“I’m so happy. It’s just so much right now for me. I had thoughts about not coming but I actually changed my mind and came out. I just thought maybe I wouldn’t have fun. But I’m having a lot of fun right now.”
Whitney was driven around the track in the back of a pickup along with the rest of the homecoming court and the stadium erupted when she drove by with sophomore Josh Awrey who had initially dropped out but then jumped back on board to support her.
PHOTOS: Angelina Jolie’s Awkward Teenage Years 
A Support Whitney Kropp Facebook page has already received 117,000 “likes.”
As RadarOnline.com previously reported, Whitney’s mom Bernice Kropp said she was angry when she found her daughter heart-broken and sobbing after being ridiculed “at school and on Facebook” but feels good her daughter is now getting so much love.
CNN covered the emotional story. You can see it here.



RELATED STORIES:
‘World’s Ugliest Woman’ Proves She’s Anything But In Courageous & Heartfelt Interview
Remember Karen Klein? Bullied Bus Monitor Gets $703,000 CheckBus Monitor Bullies Are Suspended From School For A Year
Bullied Bus Monitor Meets Anonymous Benefactor Behind Massive Donations /n