Boob Gate! Inside Vicki Gunvalson’s Photo Scandal That Sparked FBI Porn Complaint/n
An FBI investigation is underway after a photo taken in Ireland of Vicki Gunvalson’s bare breasts landed in the hands of a 15-year-old girl! For once, it is not the Real Housewives of Orange County veteran star’s sharp tongue that is causing drama — it’s her boobs!
“Vicki is beyond upset about this and she said that she fully supports the FBI investigation,” a source close to Gunvalson, 54, told RadarOnline.com exclusively.
PHOTOS: Woo, Hoo! ‘Real Housewives of Orange County’ Star Vicki Gunvalson’s 15 Top Secrets & Scandals
“The fact that one of her cast mates sent a photo of her breasts to an underage girl is not only wrong, it is illegal!”
In the official complaint sent to the FBI, Rosalie Coleman — one of the few recipients of photo of Gunvalson’s boobs before it was removed from Twitter — wrote: “Tamra Judge (aka Tamra Barney) of Rancho Santa Margarita CA, co-owner of CUT FITNESS (with husband Eddie Judge) electronically sent a nude photograph of an acquaintance of hers (taken at a small private gathering) to a FIFTEEN YEAR OLD GIRL and asked her to distribute it online in an effort to humiliate and harass one Vicki Gunvalson (owner of Coto Insurance).
According to the insider, “Vicki wants to reach out to the girl personally and apologize to her and also wants to speak to the woman who reported it to thank her.”
As far as who the culprit behind the camera REALLY is, the source told Radar, “Vicki knows who it is but she is going to let the authorities take care of this one.”
PHOTOS: Tamra & Kelly War Explodes: Which ‘RHOC’ Star Is Getting Fired?
“The photo was leaked last week to a handful of people and it was removed right away. So when it came out today Vicki was shocked,” the insider claimed.
“But she knows that karma will take care of this person and now that there is an FBI complaint, it is just a matter of time before there are official charges filed.”
Watch the scene that is at the center of the controversy here to decide for yourself who took the photo of Gunvalson’s boobs!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n