Ex-Employee Blasts RHOA Kandi Burruss in Phaedra Parks Interview!/n
The claws are out! A disgruntled ex-employee of RHOA‘s Kandi Burruss has slammed her in a sit-down interview with bitter rival Phaedra Parks.
Johnnie Winston III has sought legal advice from lawyer Parks in a bid to get his former employer’s lawsuit against him thrown out of court.
And in a move that is sure to infuriate Kandi – it looks like Phaedra is siding with her former trusted worker, RadarOnline.com can reveal.
PHOTOS: Liar, Liar? Kim Zolciak Vehemently DENIES Nose Job — But See The Tell-Tale Photos!
The reality star’s former manager, event planner and production coordinator, sued Kandi Burruss-Tucker and her Kandi Koated Entertainment.
Winston explained he worked for the reality star until his termination in February 2016. He accused her of failing to pay the required minimum wage, overtime pay for his time working in the studio, planning special events, running errands and preparing meals for events — he sued for the entire pay and overtime wages due along with liquidated damages equal to amount owed in back pay and benefits.
Kandi hit back by counter-suing him for slandering her while appearing on RHOA. She claimed his statements were both slanderous and defamatory and that they damaged her public image and were in breach of his non-disclosure agreement.
PHOTOS: Plastic Copycat? Kim Accused Of Getting Surgery To Look Like Brielle
After being axed in August 2016 Kandi claims he turned to co-star, Phaedra, on the show even although she was not his lawyer.
She alleges as a result of his false and malicious statements she has suffered and continues to suffer humiliation, ridicule, hatred, contempt, injury and impairment to her reputation along with embarrassment — and is seeking damages that she incurred and will continue to suffer
However, Winston has struck back at her counter defamation suit.
PHOTOS: Moore Made It Up! Kenya’s Tall Tales About Her Married ‘Fiancé’ & Their Relationship EXPOSED — 5 Lies, 2 Truths
Although he admits signing a non-disclosure agreement before starting to work with her he says he was allowed to appear on RHOA to promote his work.
Winston reveals he did meet with Phaedra Parks to get legal counsel and he did talk about his compensation by Kandi and discussions with her about opening a restaurant together.
He claims any injury suffered by his former boss was down to her own negligence, carelessness and fault. Furthermore, he believes any statements made on the show were ‘substantially true or opinions’ and that any suit she has should thrown out of court without any compensation.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n