Twitter Can't Get Enough Of Mahershala Ali's Glorious GQ Issue/n

New life goal: to be as happy as Mahershala Ali is in his new spread for GQ!!
The 4:44 actor's July issue of the men's magazine has been unveiled, and he has everyone talking!
Related: Jay Z Announces Upcoming 4:44 Album!
Not only is the 43-year-old looking like he's living his best life in these pics, but the Internet is also celebrating seeing a black Muslim star on the cover!
It's a beautiful day, Perezcious readers.
Ch-ch-check out some of the most amazing (and thirsty!!) Twitter reactions to Mahershala's glowing editorial (below): 

good morning to no one except mahershala ali pic.twitter.com/cG9iuvI98t
— Will Kellogg (@Will_Kellogg) June 19, 2017


Mahershala Ali deserves all the attention look at him go pic.twitter.com/tZpdglTOm5
— ㅤ (@naomiscotts) June 19, 2017


How the hell does Mahershala Ali, holding a half eaten cheeseburger, look so damn fine? What kind of witchcraft is this? pic.twitter.com/0uA6DQeLYu
— problematic✨goddess (@NamasteHeaux) June 19, 2017


Petition to put Mahershala Ali on every magazine cover from now until the end of time. pic.twitter.com/IdEN19tlQd
— Megan P (@megobits) June 19, 2017


Film Concept: Jeff Goldblum and Mahershala Ali own competing food trucks. Romance ensues. 🌯❤️🍔 pic.twitter.com/QdjufLfaF3
— Curtis Kimberlin Jr. (@SirKimberlin) June 19, 2017


me, every summer of my life: I hate the beach, nothing could change my opinion that the beach is trash
mahershala ali: pic.twitter.com/SJ85zN31Eg
— SalesOnFilm (@salesonfilm) June 19, 2017


I obviously follow the right people because my timeline is just one long stream of thirst for Mahershala Ali.
— Sarah Hughes (@sarahjphughes) June 19, 2017

Live your life like every night you get to go home to Mahershala Ali
— Computer Love🌊☯️ (@airbatabria) June 19, 2017


Mahershala Ali's floral game is fucking A1
— Kyle Lowry (@yungmoop) June 19, 2017
For HIGHlights from Mahershala's interview, keep reading…

On his rise to fame: "When suddenly you go from being followed in Barneys to being fawned over, it will mess with your head. Those experiences that you have from age 10, when you start getting these little messages that you are something to be feared… Walking down the street in Berkeley," he says, "and some cops roll up on you and say straight up, ‘Give me your ID,' and you're like, ‘What the fuck?'"
On Islam: "It benefits me from the standpoint of really creating empathy for these characters that I try to embody, other human beings with issues as deep and personal as my own. Because of Islam, I am acutely aware that I am a work in progress." The daily practice of the religion, he says, "puts a healthy pressure on you to be your best self, beginning with your own spirit and how that feeds into your actions."
On being black in America: "I think African-Americans have a very convoluted relationship with patriotism. The fact is, we essentially were the abused child. We still love the parent, but you can't overlook the fact that we have a very convoluted relationship with the parent. I absolutely love this country, but like so many people have some real questions and concerns about how things have gone down over the years and where we're at. And that's from a place of love, because I want the country to be what it says it is on paper… I sincerely believe we have the capacity to actually make this country great. There are enough people, there are enough believers out there, there are enough intelligent, empathetic souls out there that want good for the whole. I don't know if it'll happen in my lifetime, but I believe in time the pendulum will swing in the right direction."
Read the rest of his interview HERE, and be sure to ch-ch-check out his spread and cover in the gallery (above)!
[Image via Peggy Sirota/GQ.]
/n