BREAKING NEWS: White House Gate Crashers Stopped By Secret Service/n
Tareq and Michaele Salahis — the infamous couple better known as the “White House Gate Crashers” –were stopped by the U.S. Secret Service Wednesday night around 8 p.m. ET during the State Dinner for Mexican President Felipe Calderon as their stretch limousine ran a red light and seemed to be trying to turn into a restricted area near the White House, RadarOnline.com is reporting.
WORLD EXCLUSIVE VIDEO INTERVIEW: White House Gatecrashers Michaele and Tareq Salahi Demand Apology
A Secret Service Uniformed Division officer “observed a stretch limousine pass through a red light at 15th and Constitution,” Edwin M. Donovan, the Special Agent in Charge for the U.S. Secret Service told ABC News. “The vehicle then signaled that it was turning into the Ellipse parking area at 16th and Constitution, a restricted area.”
WORLD EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: The Salahis Private Photo Album — Photos With Famous Friends: President Bill Clinton & Jay Leno
Donovan said the “vehicle was subsequently stopped at 17th and H Street and it was then learned that Tareq and Michaele Salahi were among the occupants of the vehicle. The driver and occupants of the vehicle were interviewed at this point. The driver was issued a n0otice of infraction for passing through a red light and all the subjects in the vehicle were released.”
A source familiar with the situation says Michaele Salahi was wearing a white mink coat, while Tareq Salahi was in a suit. Neither the Salahis nor anyone at Half Yard Productions, which is producing the Bravo show The Real Housewives of D.C., could be reached for comment.
WORLD EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: At Home With The Salahis, RadarOnline.com Invited Inside Their Virginia Farmhouse
Tareq and Michaele Salahi made national news  after they crashed the State Dinner honoring the Prime Minister of India last November.
In an exclusive interview with RadarOnline.com, they claimed to have been invited. The White House has disputed that.
PHOTOS: Michaele And Tareq Salahi –The White House Party Crashers
Fallout from the incident cost  Social Secretary Desiree Rogers her job, and in December, the White House announced new measures for futureevents to ensure the security breach never happened again. /n