Jay-Z On Marriage To Beyoncé: It Was Not 'Built On The 100 Percent Truth'/n
Jay-Z has released another mini-documentary for his shocking new album 4:44 as a follow-up to Beyoncé‘s Lemonade, and he has finally admitted that his relationship with his longtime wife was not entirely built on honesty.
“This is my real life. I just ran into this place and we built this big, beautiful mansion of a relationship that wasn’t totally built on the 100 percent truth and it starts cracking. Things start happening that the public can see,” said Jay-Z about his high-profile marriage.
As Radar can report, the 11-minute video called “Footnotes for ‘4:44” features various conversations with women as well as exclusive interviews with celebrities such as: Chris Rock, Will Smith, Kendrick Lamar, Chris Paul, Jesse Williams, Aziz Ansari, Mahershala Ali and Meek Mill.
PHOTOS: A-Listers At War! Kimye’s Feud With Beyonce & Jay Z Explained In 11 Clicks
In the clip, he compared his relationship to his rocky childhood and the experience of being shot at, saying it was even harder for him to save his marriage than it was to live through all of that.
“Then we had to get to a point of, ‘Okay, tear this down and let’s start from the beginning … It’s the hardest thing I’ve ever done,” he said.
The music legend – who’s been married to Beyoncé since 2008 and shares kids Blue Ivy, 5, and newborn twins Sir and Rumi – recalled a time when he begged his wife to stay, after a fight during a romantic vacation.
PHOTOS: Drugs, Cheating & Divorce Shockers: Jay Z & Beyonce’s Marriage Claims To Be Exposed In Juicy Tell-All
“What is happening to my body right now? Did I just say … ‘Don’t leave’? All this is new for me,” he admitted.
He then confessed to having played “4:44” for Beyoncé before anyone else.
“We just got to a place where, in order for this to work, this can’t be fake. Not one ounce. I’m not saying it wasn’t uncomfortable because obviously it was,” he said.
As Radar previously reported, Jay-Z’s newest album seems to address the rapper’s past infidelity with explosive 4:44 lyrics like: “And if my children knew, I don’t even know what I would do / If they ain’t look at me the same / I would prolly die with all the shame. ‘You did what with who?’ / What good is a ménage à trois when you have a soulmate? / ‘You risked that for Blue?'”
PHOTOS: Beyoncé & Jay Z Caught Without Wedding Bands Amid Cheating Rumors
The singer seems to apologize to his wife for everything he put her through, and as his most recent video shows, he’s not finished.
What do you think of Jay-Z’s painfully honest new video? Sound off in the comments below.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n