Modern Brides Go Gilded For A Gatsby Wedding Look/n
With the May release of Baz Luhrmann’s The Great Gatsby just around the corner,  a true “Summer of Gatsby” is upon us.  But the movie, and its distinct high style – is also arriving just as the seductive and glamorous fashion of the 1920’s would seem to be having its moment.
This is particularly true as peak wedding season approaches.  We’re seeing more and more high-profile nuptials that are featuring modern takes on classic looks inspired by the flapper brides of the Gilded Age.
With an all-star roster of bridal designers such as Monique Lhuillier, Vera Wang and Amsale Aberra lending their magnificent touch to Roaring 20’s wedding style, we’re seeing a resurgence of the silk satin, elaborate beading, high necklines and plunging backs that are the hallmarks of one of the most glamorous eras in American fashion.
Incorporating hairstyles, accessories, flowers and event décor that capture the extravagance of the period and indeed, this summer, forward-thinking brides have made it cool by putting their own spin on what it means to be “Gatsby-esque.”
Indeed, helping bring this classic style back is the upcoming release of The Great Gatsby – the much anticipated new film from Romeo + Juliet and Moulin Rouge helmer Luhrman, starring Leonardo DiCaprio, featuring the brilliant director’s take on the classic novel by F. Scott Fitzgerald.
The look captured in the film – in particular Carey Mulligan’s glamorous turn as Daisy — evokes the bridal style making the rounds across the East Coast (predominantly) and around the country.  Melding formal glamour with a very personal look, the bridal gowns of the 1920’s fit today’s brides in unexpected ways.  Over the years, a movement away from long trains and oversized dresses has empowered women to look to the past in an effort to capture the magic of an era best known for its empowerment of women through daring fashion.
Gatsby filmmakers have certainly taken a keen approach to the style of that same era – engaging in a number of top line partnerships including Brooks Brothers, Prada, Tiffany & Co. and other iconic brands.   The result is a striking film and an impending “Summer of Gatsby” that will no doubt continue to inspire brides-to-be as they reach back a full century for inspiration.
Check out today’s gallery to see Kate Moss, Lily Allen and other newly married celebs who have been inspired by 1920’s glamour – and don’t forget to see The Great Gatsby when it opens in theaters everywhere May 10th.
The Great Gatsby stars Leonardo DiCaprio, Carey Mulligan, Joel Edgerton, Isla Fisher and Tobey Maguire.
Excited about the “Summer of Gatbsy”?  If you can’t get enough buzz about this anticipated film be sure to check out our Summer of Gatsby Hub for all the latest news and exclusive information about this epic movie release – see it in theaters May 10th.
/n