Cannes Film Festival: Here Are the Palme d’Or Winners from the Last 10 Years/n





                    Here's the Trailer for Kristen Stewart, Blake Lively and Jesse Eisenberg's New Movie, 'Cafe Society'
                







New trailer and plot details!

 MORE >>





With the Cannes Film Festival kicking off today in Cannes, France, let us take a look back at the Festival’s Palme d’Or winners from the past decade.

The Palme d’Or (or Golden Palm) is the highest prize awarded at the Cannes Film Festival. It’s considered the symbol of the Festival, and is awarded every year to the director of the Best Feature Film of the Official Competition.


Cannes Film Festival: The Palme d'Or Winners from the Past 10 Years	








































10 Photos »


Only one female director has ever won the Palme d’Or, Jane Campion for The Piano in 1993.
And in 2013, Steven Spielberg (who headed the Jury that year), made an unprecedented, unorthodox move when he awarded the Palme d’Or to Blue Is the Warmest Color the movie’s leads, Adèle Exarchopoulos and Léa Seydoux in addition to director Abdellatif Kechiche. He did so because of the Cannes policy that forbids the Palme d’Or-winning film from receiving any additional awards, and thus preventing the Jury from awarding Exarchopoulos and Seydoux.
This year, Mad Max: Fury Road director George Miller is presiding over the Jury, which includes Kirsten Dunst, Vanessa Paradis, Mads Mikkelsen, Donald Sutherland, amongst others.


Kristen Stewart and Jesse Eisenberg Film Woody Allen's 'Cafe Society' in California	








































35 Photos »


Twenty-one movies are in competition for the Palme d’Or this year, including Olivier Assayas’ Personal Shopper, starring Kristen Stewart; the Sean Penn-directed movie The Last Face starring (his ex) Charlize Theron, Javier Barden and Adele Exarchopoulos; The Neon Demon, starring Elle Fanning, Christina Hendricks, Keanu Reeves, Abbey Lee Kershaw and more; Jim Jarmusch’s Paterson starring Adam Driver; Julieta, directed by Pedro Almodóvar and starring Emma Suárez; American Honey starring Shia LaBeoug, Riley Keough and Sasha Lane; and many more.
See all the Palme d’Or winners from the last ten years in the gallery above.


Brad Pitt, Angelina Jolie & Co-Stars at 'Tree of Life' Premiere	








































15 Photos »


/n