Jose Canseco's Ex Gets Restraining Order: 'He's Been Harassing And Threatening Me'/n
By Amber Goodhand – Radar Reporter
Jose Canseco’s ex-girlfriend Leila Shennib got a temporary restraining order against him and RadarOnline.com has all the exclusive details.
Canseco recently unleashed a tirade of messages on Twitter and Facebook about his ex, all of which she says are lies.EXCLUSIVE DOCUMENTS: Leila Shennib Issued TRO Against Jose Conseco
“I broke up with him six months ago and he’s been harassing me and threatening me ever since,” Shennib told RadarOnline.com in an exclusive interview.
“One day he’s proposing to me and sending me flowers and teddy bears, and the next day he’s slamming me on Twitter, putting my phone number up there and saying hurtful things.”
PHOTOS: Sexiest  Female Athletes
According to the restraining order filed on July 21 with the Los Angeles Superior Court, Shennib requested her mother be protected under the order as well and asked that Canseco stay away from her home, vehicle and workplace.
“I just can’t take his torture anymore. He’s so manipulative,” Shennib said.
PHOTOS:  Celebs Who Have Done Jail Time
“I really did love him, so all of this is hard for me.”
A court hearing is scheduled for August 11 to determine whether or not a permanent restraining order will be granted.
PHOTOS: Celebrity Mugshots
And this isn’t the only legal woe following the former pro baseball player. 
As RadarOnline.com was first to report, Canseco lost a lawsuit last month to the tune of $7,656.78 because of a Celebrity Boxing match he bailed on — and sent his twin brother Ozzie to attend in his place instead.
Celebrity Boxing founder Damon Feldman paid the Celebrity Apprentice star $5,000 upfront for the gig, which was eventually canceled when organizers realized it wasn’t the wrong Canseco had shown up.
RELATED STORIES:
EXCLUSIVE DOCUMENT: Celebrity Apprentice Star Jose Canseco Sued For Punchless Boxing Bout
EXCLUSIVE: Jose Canseco’s Celebrity Boxing Contract — Read It Here
EXCLUSIVE: Boxing Promoter To Celebrity Apprentice Star Jose Canseco: ‘You Look Like The Stiff You Are’ /n