Did NASA Just Change Your Zodiac Sign?! Get The Real Scoop About This Bizarre Rumor HERE!/n

The times, they are a-changin'!
…And according to media reports out this week, 2016 marks a significant change in the Zodiac signs that could alter many arm chair astrologists' outlooks!
Except, well, there's a bit more to it than that.
Photos: Best Dressed Celebs Of The Week!
Last year, news crept up that 2016 was going to make a slightly different zodiac system — some cited NASA for the change — with a thirteenth constellation added, thereby altering all the zodiac dates and in many cases, changing peoples' zodiac signs.
That 13th constellation — called Ophiuchus, which is a guy holding a snake — is a real, true thing, but it's not quite so simple that some of you will automatically be thrown under a new zodiac sign!
According to  Snopes, the people who are paid to pretty much debunk ridiculous rumors and myths exactly like this, while Ophiuchus is a thirteenth constellation, that zodiac actually won't be recognized in the Western Hemisphere.
They claim:

"But leading astrological experts say this won't change things at all. That's because Western astrology strictly adheres to the tropical zodiac, which is fixed to seasons. The sidereal zodiac, observed in the East, is the one affixed to constellations, and is thus the one that would change. The tropical zodiac has been in place since Ptolemy's in the second century."
Oh… well then!
Long story short, while constellations may be part of astrology (duh), the field is geocentric, and by relating to the Earth and Earth's environment, our astrology cycles are held more to seasons more than stars — at least, in the West.
Related: Fifth Harmony Owes Fans An Explanation!
If you're based in Eastern astrology, then congratulations — your sign may have just changed!!
In other words, for those of you who are in the Western Hemisphere, as you read this weekend from a variety of different outlets that the stars are changing and your sign is different, don't believe it!
It's not really true.
Still, that didn't stop people from freaking out about it (below):

The zodiac signs are all different now I am so sorry to everyone who has zodiac tattoos /:
— olive (@thrift_goddess) September 16, 2016


ATTENTION SOS SOS there has been a change in zodiac signs because they discovered a new one this is not okay!🚫🚫🚫🚫
— MadelineMyU (@madelineee2_) September 17, 2016


The zodiac signs just shifted. I've apparently never been a Aries. I'm apparently a Pisces. This is explaining to much from the past.
— HellaHashtags (@DatBoiHELLA) September 17, 2016


When it is revealed there are 13 Zodiac signs and that you have actually been a Pisces the entire time. pic.twitter.com/dqt6oSWyW9
— Taylor Shell (@Taylor_Shelll) September 17, 2016


I refuse to be a Virgo, why change the zodiac signs now? Sorry for all the people who have zodiac tattoos! 😳 #libraforlife
— Madison Boyd (@MadisonDianna) September 17, 2016

so apparently the stars have moved and nasa have changed the zodiac signs and i'm really angry about it
— niamh boylan (@niamh_boylan) September 16, 2016
LOLz!!
At least now, all of you know the truth!!
/n