Court Is In Session! Inside America's Juiciest New Show 'You The Jury'/n
For the first time ever, the new unscripted series You The Jury will give the biggest jury pool in history — America — the power to decide the outcome of some of the most explosive, real-life civil cases.
With Fox News’ Jeanine Pirro hosting, six top attorneys who’ve represented some of the nation’s biggest celebrities will argue their cases each week for America’s vote.
Every episode, the show’s prosecution and defense — including attorneys Jose Baez, who defended Casey Anthony; Benjamin Crump, who has fought for justice for Trayvon Martin; and Joseph Tacopina, who has represented some of the biggest stars in America; as well as Areva Martin, Mike Cavalluzzi and Charla Aldous — will question and cross-examine the litigants and expert witnesses, as they present their arguments to America and former judge of the Superior Court of California LaDoris Cordell.
The cases will address hot-button issues that define America today. Whether it’s online trolling and the limits of free speech or whether someone’s death was the result of a tragic accident or something far more sinister, You The Jury will investigate the law and the intense human stories behind it.
In a dramatic twist, the closing arguments will be presented by the plaintiff and the defendant as they sit across from one another. Once the cases are presented, it will be up to America to decide who will prevail. Viewers will have the opportunity to vote for approximately five minutes, via text and the FOX Now App, after the case has been presented. At the end of the East/Central time zone broadcast, “America’s Verdict” will be revealed.
The vote on the verdict is 100% live and binding and it will reflect the decision made by the biggest jury in history — the American public. However, when the West Coast votes, if the cumulative votes (East/Central and West Coast/Mountain Time Zone combined) lead to a different verdict, the original verdict will be overturned as the final outcome of the case.
You The Jury premiers April 7 at 9 p.m. EST on FOX.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n