Tiger Woods DUI Arrest Video Released, And It Is SCARY!/n

Wow, none of this looks good for Tiger Woods.
After his DUI arrest in which he was allegedly found asleep at the wheel Monday morning, the golf legend denied being drunk at the time, explaining it was a mix of prescription medications that had hit him harder than expected.
Related: Did ESPN Actually Potoshop Tiger's Mug Shot???
The first video of his arrest has been released to the press by the Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office, and it definitely backs up Woods; he is not acting drunk at all.
No, he is high as a kite in a hurricane.
In the full video, Tiger barely recites his ABCs, starts to walk away, tries to tie a shoelace that's already tied, and has trouble even standing in the starting position to walk a straight line. The man is falling asleep standing up.
See clips of the shocking arrest (below)! 

Video from Tiger Woods' sobriety test: Woods is asked to recite his ABCs. Walks off for a minute and then asks police what he's doing. pic.twitter.com/ny7uKN4sBP
— Hannah Winston (@hannahwinston) May 31, 2017


More from the Tiger Woods DUI arrest pic.twitter.com/lTveyeK8X4
— Hannah Winston (@hannahwinston) May 31, 2017

After police arrest Tiger Woods, they search him for any weapons. He says he has nothing on him. His eyes are closed almost the entire time pic.twitter.com/mmx01lOnGr
— Hannah Winston (@hannahwinston) May 31, 2017


As police ask Tiger Woods if he has anything else on him like a necklace, he said he has "a few screws in the body" referencing surgeries pic.twitter.com/Niuc822PrR
— Hannah Winston (@hannahwinston) May 31, 2017



Jupiter police released video of Tiger Woods DUI arrest. You can see Woods untying his shoe. #tigerwoods pic.twitter.com/YMBDkyGxIV
— Wanda Moore (@WandaMooreWPTV) May 31, 2017

This man should NOT have been behind the wheel of a car, and frankly he's lucky he got pulled over, as he easily could have killed himself or someone else.
Just look at the damage to his car (above), which looks like it was caused by driving off the road or onto a curb.
Where was he going? Where had he driven before?? We may never know as not even he seems sure…
[Image via Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office.]
/n