Nora Ephron, RIP: Tom Hanks, Nicole Kidman, Billy Crystal and More Mourn Writer-Director's Death Nora Ephron directed, produced and wrote for some of Hollywood's most beloved entertainers—and she was just as beloved in return. &quo.../n
Nora Ephron directed, produced and wrote for some of Hollywood's most beloved entertainers—and she was just as beloved in return."I am very sad to learn of Nora's passing," Billy Crystal said upon learning of the prolific writer-filmmaker's death today from cancer at 71. "She was a brilliant writer and humorist. Being her Harry to Meg's Sally will always have a special place in my heart. I was very lucky to get to say her words."Sleepless in Seattle and You've Got Mail star Tom Hanks offered a similar sentiment—as have so many others.

"Nora was an era," Meg Ryan said. "We pictured ourselves inside her dreams and they became ours. All wisdom, wit and sparkle lights, what a treat she was, what a blessing. I marvel again and again, what a life...to have created a simple happiness in people, to have added to the sum of delight in the world.""Nora Ephron was a journalist/artist who knew what was important to know; how things really worked, what was worthwhile, who was fascinating and why," Hanks and wife Rita Wilson said in a statement to E! News.  "At a dinner table and on a film set she lifted us all with wisdom and wit mixed with love for us and love for life. Rita and I are so very sad to lose our friend who brought so much joy to all who were lucky enough to know her...""My family and I are saddened over the loss of our dear and longtime friend," said When Harry Met Sally director Rob Reiner in a statement. "Nora was legendary by every measure. She had the greatest ability to observe men and women and how they behaved with each other—and translate that into words that would reach the very core of our hearts. She always had a way of finding fun in life, and that's what made her writing so good. We will miss her humor, her humanity and her presence in our lives."Nicole Kidman, who starred in the Ephron-directed Bewitched, stated that her late friend was a "joy to be around.""She was so smart, warm and funny," she continued. "I am so grateful that she was my friend and we had the opportunity to work together. My thoughts and love are with her family at this time. I will never forget the dinners, games and laughter we all shared.""Nora just looked at every situation and cocked her head and thought, ‘Hmmmm, how can I make this more fun?' " Meryl Streep wrote in an email to the New York Times. "You could call on her for anything: doctors, restaurants, recipes, speeches, or just a few jokes, and we all did it, constantly. She was an expert in all the departments of living well."And, of course, the tributes have been pouring in via Twitter.

Alan Cumming: "So sad to hear about the death of Nora Ephron. I worked with her recently and she was kind and funny and fascinating."Sarah Silverman "I just heard about Nora Ephron. I'm so sad. A great & prolific writer, a warm & kind soul. Gone just like that."Kerry Washington: "@thinkprogress: "Above all, be the heroine of your life, not the victim" — Nora Ephron ‪#rip."Kevin Nealon: "Auditioned for Nora Ephron 20 yrs ago. Didn't get the part but she sent me a thank you note. I'll always remember that and you, Nora."Jane Lynch "I will miss hearing Nora's voice in our world. I will miss her love of minutiae and amusement with her own quirks and peccadilloes. I value the time I got to spend with her and the many kindnesses she showed me."Kelly Ripa "RIP Nora Ephron. You will be missed."Albert Brooks: R.I.P Nora Ephron. A witty, charming, lovely person.Elijah Wood "terrible to hear of Nora Ephron's passing. may she rest in peace."Joe Mantegna: "My thoughts and prayers go out to the family of Nora Ephron at the news of her passing. Especially to her husband and my friend Nick." (Ephron was married to Wise Guy author Nick Pileggi.)

Juliette Lewis "So sad to hear bout Nora Ephron. We did a movie called 'Mixed Nuts' when I was 20. She was funny intelligent and loving. One of a kind."Shonda Rhimes "'I try to write parts for women that are as complicated and interesting as women actually are.' —Nora Ephron"Colin Hanks Nora Ephron was devastatingly funny, extremely witty, and was ALWAYS one of the kindest people I have ever met.Soleil Moon Frye: "'I always read the last page of a book first so that if I die before I finish I'll know how it turned out.' RIP Nora Ephron."Ron Howard "RIP Nora Ephron brilliant gracious and FUNNY"Justin Timberlake "R.I.P. Nora Ephron... Funny, charming, witty, full of heart, and one of the greatest who put it all down in timeless, quotable classics."Bette Midler "Nora Ephron. The Hostess with the Mostest on the Ball. A brilliant soul, and we will all miss her so...."Kristen Schaal: "Nora Ephron was wonderful. She was kind to me and she will be missed."Andie MacDowell: "In my sex fantasy nobody ever loves me for my mind....'Nora Ephron ' NORA we loved everything about you and we will miss you."Steve Martin "She was the one you wanted to read, to listen to, to be in the company of. Nora Ephron. Incomparable wit; delightful friend. Sadness reigns."
/n