Christina El Moussa Is Dating New Man: Find Out How Tarek Feels About It/n





                    Christina El Moussa's One-Year-Old Son Brayden 'Is Doing Great' After Falling Into a Pool
                







What a scary experience.

 MORE >>










                    'Flip or Flop' Star Christina El Moussa Debuts New Tattoo
                







Christina El Moussa just got inked.

 MORE >>





Christina El Moussa’s love life is causing quite a stir.

The Flip or Flop star is said to be dating an Orange County businessman named Doug, and her budding relationship is supposedly making her estranged husband act out in a jealous rage. According to an insider, Tarek El Moussa isn’t too thrilled his ex has rekindled a romance with someone she was involved with prior to their marriage
“It’s new. They’ve been talking and seeing each other for a couple of weeks,” a source tells Entertainment Tonight of Christina and her new man.
“She dated him before her and Tarek were together,” the insider adds, explaining the two have known one another for 10 years. “Tarek has always had a sense of jealousy over her prior relationship with this person.”



A post shared by Tarek El Moussa (@therealtarekelmoussa) on Apr 22, 2017 at 7:45pm PDT



In fact, Tarek has even spoken about the new relationship to the press, telling Sirius XM, “Yes, she is dating. Who specifically, I couldn’t tell you.”
“We’re going through this divorce thing, we’re working together,” Tarek, who is slated to star alongside Christina in an extended seventh season of their HGTV show, says. “I just really don’t want to know what’s going on with her personal life.”
“It’s going to be a while [before I have a serious girlfriend],” he adds. “I think I’m taking a break from blondes. I think maybe I’ll dabble with brunettes for a while … Pretty much, I’m just looking for someone that’s a lot of fun, that’s a free spirit, and is on the same page as me. I’m just traveling, living life and just having a blast.”
As previously reported, the couple’s marital problems came to light in 2016 when it was revealed Christina had called the cops on Tarek that May after an explosive fight. At the time, police responded to a domestic disturbance call about a “possibly suicidal male with a gun” and eventually found Tarek wandering in the woods nearby his Orange County home.
Tarek filed for divorce this January.


'Flip or Flop' Star Christina El Moussa Spotted Without Wedding Ring








































12 Photos »


/n