Oprah Winfrey's BFF Dumps Husband For Lesbian Romance With Soccer Star Abby Wambach/n
Oprah Winfrey‘s best friend Glennon Doyle Melton has moved on from her estranged husband, but it’s not with another man! The author revealed in a Facebook confession that she’s dating soccer star Abby Wambach.
“Feels like the world could use all the love it can get right now,” Melton, 40, began the confession. “So today, I’m going to share with you my new love. Her name is Abby. You might recognize her from soccer. She was one of the best players of all time, and she has been a fierce and committed advocate for women’s equality for a decade.”
Melton continued to express her love for her girlfriend by explaining how she is “deeply sensitive” and “kind.”
“I learn from her everyday about the woman I want to become,” the best-selling author wrote. “She is committed to her friends and family. She’s unwaveringly good to Craig, to the kids, to Sister and to all my people. And oh my God, she is so good to me. She loves me for all the things I’ve always wanted to be loved for. She’s just my favorite. My person.”
PHOTOS: Inside Oprah’s Sad Reunion With Boy She Was Once Desperate To Adopt
Melton went on to explain how although the new romance comes so soon after her split from her husband Craig in August, she is “really, deeply happy” with the Olympic athlete.
But the whirlwind romance doesn’t bother her ex, as he is supportive of the relationship.
“How is Craig? He’s his beautiful, kind, brave self,” she wrote. “He’s dating too – and we are both supportive of each other’s relationships.”
The Christian blogger went on to explain how her children and the rest of her family has “fallen as hard for Abby” as she has.
PHOTOS: Teresa Giudice Goes Indoor Skydiving After Lesbian Sex Secrets From Prison EXPOSED
“They’re lucky kids, to be surrounded by so much love,” she penned. “We have family dinners together – all six of us — and Abby cooks. We go to the kids’ school parties together. We are a modern, beautiful family.”
Melton ended the post with: “I want you to grow so comfortable in your own being, your own skin, your own knowing – that you become more interested in your own joy and freedom and integrity than in what others think about you. That you remember that you only live once, that this is not a dress rehearsal and so you must BE who you are. I want you to refuse to betray yourself. Not just for you. For ALL OF US.”
The new romance comes only months after the former soccer player, who has admitted to struggling with drug and alcohol abuse, was arrested for a DUI in April.
What do you think of the new romance? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n