DWTS’ Derek Hough Rebuffs Fan In Gay Club/n
By Radar Staff
Dancing with the Stars pro dancer Derek Hough donned some shiny silver pants and shook his fanny at a popular Salt Lake City gay club, but then freaked out when a fan tried to take his picture!
The talented 27-year-old has been dogged by gay rumors for years, de­spite having a string of girlfriends, but on a recent visit to Jam, a gay club in his hometown, the National Enquirer exclusively learned that he rebuffed a fan’s attempt to take a picture with him.
Although it’s been reported that he is dating DWTS contestant and opera singer Katherine Jenkins, she was nowhere in sight when Derek showed up at Jam on July 21 a source con­fided. “I’m a big fan of Derek’s, and I always thought or HOPED he was gay,” Jam regular Ken Lee told The Enquirer.
PHOTOS: Stars Who Have Come Out As Gay
“Seeing him shimmying with his buddies at the gay club wearing skintight, shiny silver pants just made my mind scream!”
But Ken says when he approached Derek for a photo, the dancer “got all nervous and fidgety and stam­mered, ‘No, no, no – not here!’”
“I was really careful about ap­proaching him respectfully,” Ken explained. “I went up to Derek and said, ‘excuse me’ and asked very nicely if I could have a photo taken with him.
PHOTOS:   Sexiest Dancing Divas
“Well, he couldn’t have been more rude or a bigger diva!
“I was like, OK, he’s clearly not comfortable about hav­ing his picture taken in a gay bar. If you’re not gay, then what’s the problem? Derek’s behavior was very suspect.”
The night before the frisky field trip, he attended a per­formance by his current rumored love interest, Katherine.
PHOTOS: Dancing with the Stars: Past Winners Gallery
“I’ve been called gay forever because I’m a dancer,” Hough once told a reporter. “I know what I like, and I like women.”
“Derek very well may not be gay,” added Ken. “But he sure was dressed pretty, and he threw an impressive hissy fit when I asked for a photo!”
For more details about Derek’s night out at the gay club pick up the latest issue of The National Enquirer — on newsstands Thursday.
 
RELATED STORIES:
Derek Hough & Mark Ballas Slam Dance Moms’ Abby Lee Miller
PHOTOS:  Bristol Takes Baby Tripp To DWTS Rehearsal
PHOTOS: Pamela Anderson Leaves ABC Party Looking Messy
Bristol Palin’s Three Year Old Son Drops The F Bomb On Reality Show /n