Steve Harvey Demands Talk Show Staff to Respect His Personal Bubble, According to Internal Memo/n





                    WATCH: Steve Harvey Crowns the Wrong Miss Universe
                







Legendary.

 MORE >>





Steve Harvey seems to be taking personal space notes from a newly zen North West as he enters season 6 of his talk show.

An internal memo written by Harvey and addressed to the staff of his talk show was released on Robert Feder’s Chicago media blog on Wednesday (May 10, 2017). In it, the host details the very specific personal space parameters that he instated for the fifth season of the show, which filmed in Chicago.
“There will be no meetings in my dressing room. No stopping by or popping in. NO ONE,” he writes. “Do not come to my dressing room unless invited. Do not open my dressing room door. IF YOU OPEN MY DOOR, EXPECT TO BE REMOVED.”
According to Variety, the memo was sent out to his staff members at the start of last season. Sources say that it might have been leaked by a former staff member that was not hired to work on the new season of the show that will be filmed in Los Angeles in the fall with a new crew.
Neither Harvey nor his reps have commented on the matter.


10 Failed Daytime TV Talk Shows








































11 Photos »


Read the memo in full below [via RobertFeder.com].
Good morning, everyone. Welcome back.
I’d like you all to review and adhere to the following notes and rules for Season 5 of my talk show.
There will be no meetings in my dressing room. No stopping by or popping in. NO ONE.
Do not come to my dressing room unless invited.
Do not open my dressing room door.
 IF YOU OPEN MY DOOR, EXPECT TO BE REMOVED.
My security team will stop everyone from standing at my door who have the intent to see or speak to me.
I want all the ambushing to stop now. That includes TV staff.
You must schedule an appointment.
I have been taken advantage of by my lenient policy in the past. This ends now. NO MORE.
Do not approach me while I’m in the makeup chair unless I ask to speak with you directly. Either knock or use the doorbell.
I am seeking more free time for me throughout the day.
Do not wait in any hallway to speak to me. I hate being ambushed. Please make an appointment.
I promise you I will not entertain you in the hallway, and do not attempt to walk with me.
If you’re reading this, yes, I mean you.
Everyone, do not take offense to the new way of doing business. It is for the good of my personal life and enjoyment.
Thank you all,
Steve Harvey
/n