'Completely Inexcusable!' NASTY Kelly Finally Apologizes For Epic 'RHOC' Tirade/n
Mean girl Kelly Dodd is finally showing remorse for her destructive behavior, RadarOnline.com has learned.
On the latest episode of The Real Housewives of Orange County she “viciously attacked” Shannon Beador, Heather Dubrow and Tamra Judge at Meghan King Edmonds‘ last hoorah before getting pregnant.
Dodd, 40, screamed at Beador, 51, that she was a “c*nt” before calling Judge, 48, a “dumb f*ck” and slamming Dubrow, 47, for being “the boss” before going on to mock the ladies once they left the party.
PHOTOS: House Of Horrors! The Beadors Sell Mansion With ‘Bad Memories’ At A Major Discount
“Losing my temper at the dinner party for Meghan was almost completely inexcusable,” she confessed in her Bravotv.com blog. “I acted like a raving lunatic. I admit I was wrong in many ways.”
“I was embarrassed by my hysterical rants,” she continued. “I embarrassed my family and everybody involved. I want to apologize again here to Shannon and Tamra for the horrible names I called them. Of course they were in no way true or deserved. I also want to apologize to Meghan for ruining her special night. Clearly, I offended Heather’s delicate sensibilities, so I apologize to her for that too.”
“The show is called REAL Housewives,” she went on. “It’s real when I said I have anger management problems. My faults were on full display in this week’s episode. This was me at my worst.”
PHOTOS: The Ultimate Betrayal! Tamra FAKES Truce With Vicki
“I felt distraught and started to cry,” she said of her behavior at the party. “Then, I wanted to lash out at the source of my pain. I was trying to explain to the ladies how hurtful Nina’s comments were. How could a mother say that about another mother? I felt I had to defend my character. So, I was explaining that I come from a good family, have a great work ethic, am financially secure and college educated. Shannon jumped in and criticized me when I said I went to college. That set me off. My temper boiled over. Regardless, I regret telling her to shut the f**k up and calling her a c*nt.”
“Tamra jumped in and said if I dish it out, I have to be able to take it,” she concluded of the tirade. “She is right. When I called Tamra a dumb f**k, it was a case of ready, aim, fire. I should have directed my anger at Shannon, but Tamra got caught in the crossfire. I regret having said that to Tamra. To Tamra’s credit though, she is resilient and forgiving. She bounced right back and didn’t hold a grudge.”
But, Dodd stayed true to her antagonistic ways by insinuating that Beador was in the wrong — and that Edmonds, 31, was a liar!
PHOTOS: Results Are In! Oncologist Weighs In On ‘RHOC’ Brooks Ayers Cancer Documents — The Shocking Truth!
“Shannon said I attacked her three times,” she explained. “On Heather’s boat party I was joking with her about USC. Go back and watch it. I fist-bumped her to let her know it was a joke. So that strike doesn’t count. At the ’70s party I believe she set me up. So she initiated it. When I offered an olive branch to try to reconcile over lunch, she never admitted the truth, never apologized, and was equally guilty of yelling at me. We were both in the wrong. At Kitiyama, I was clearly in the wrong. So, by my count that’s one strike.”
“Did you all notice how Meghan said that at the ’70s party she heard Nina say ‘I don’t have to suck anybody’s dick to pay my bills’? Huh?” she continued. “Meghan was in the other room at the time and couldn’t have personally heard Nina say that.”
Are you shocked by Dodd’s apology? Tell us in the comments! /n