Best of 2016: The Most Outrageous Homes We’ve Seen in Celebrity Real Estate/n





                    9 Stunning Celebrity Vacation Homes You Can Actually Rent
                







FOMO no mo'. 

 MORE >>










                    14 Things You Learn When You're Taking a Tour of Kylie Jenner's House
                







Step inside Kylie Jenner's world.

 MORE >>





Celebrities live extravagant lives. Case in point: These A-listers and their houses.

This year, we saw a lot of famous faces move around the country. While Emily Blunt and John Krasinski left sunny California for the east coast, Kylie and Kendall Jenner both expanded their real estate empire in their home state. To cap off 2016, we’re looking back at the biggest and most outrageous celebrity homes we’ve seen on the market in the past 12 months.
From Lady Gaga’s historical estate to exes Gwen Stefani and Gavin Rossdale’s one-time marital mansion, here are the most noteworthy properties of the year.
 
Tom Brady and Gisele Bündchen’s $20 Million apartment





CREDIT: Getty Images/70 Vestry


Who: Tom Brady and Gisele Bündchen
Cost: $20,000,000
Where: New York City
If you thought their former Los Angeles mansion was impressive, wait until you get a load of the new place they got this year. In August, the couple splashed out upwards of eight figures for a palatial pad inside the much-coveted 70 Vestry building in the Big Apple’s Tribeca neighborhood. Still under construction, the waterfront property will offer amenities such as a café, a children’s playroom, exercise studios, a sauna, a steam room, an 82-foot lap pool and a private, covered porte-cochère entrance for VIP residents such as Brady and Bündchen.








































11 Photos »


 
Kris Jenner’s Rob Kardashian’s $2.2 Million Home





CREDIT: FameFlynet/MLS


Who: Rob Kardashian
Cost: $2,200,000
Where: Calabasas, Calif.
While this wasn’t the most expensive or lavish property bought by a celebrity this year, it was one of the more memorable ones. After all, there was so much drama behind the purchase! Rob, who was staying with his older sister Khloé Kardashian earlier this year, was kicked out of his living quarters after his family discovered that he had started dating his little sister’s boyfriend’s baby mama, Blac Chyna. Seeing how Rob was starting to get his life back again after years of struggling with depression, Kris Jenner dropped $2.2 million on this four-bedroom, five-bathroom house this February in hopes that her son will become more independent. However, that move — along with the fact that Kris was responsible for all the furniture in the home — caused an even bigger divide amongst her children. In true Kardashian fashion, every was captured for their reality show. ~*~ DRAMA ~*~








































31 Photos »


 
Miley Cyrus’ $2.5 Million Love Nest





CREDIT: FameFlynet/Coldwell Banker Residential Brokerage


Who: Miley Cyrus
Cost: $2,500,000
Where: Malibu, Calif.
After reconciling with Liam Hemsworth after years apart, Cyrus made the move closer to her fiancé’s part of town in February by forking over $2.5 million for a four-bedroom, five-and-a-half bathroom home located in the oceanside community of Ramirez Canyon. Leaving her partying ways behind, the “We Can’t Stop” singer now lives a fairly domesticated life of cooking and at-home yoga. Hippie AF.








































16 Photos »


 
Britney Spears’ $8.995 Million Mediterranean-style mansion





CREDIT: FameFlynet/Beach City Brokers


Who: Britney Spears
Cost: $8,995,000
Where: Los Angeles
Spears opened up the doors to her lavish pad in April when she put her five-bedroom, seven-bathroom mansion up for sale for $8.995 million. The swanky pad features three bedroom wings — perfect for a parent like Brit who needs a little privacy from her kids — and includes a home movie theater, temperature controlled wine cellar, a game room, and a master suite that includes two large walk-in closets and two his-and-hers bathrooms complete with a Jacuzzi tub and spa shower.








































31 Photos »


 
Kylie Jenner’s $3.9 million starter home





CREDIT: Getty Images/Trulia


Who: Kylie Jenner
Cost: $3,900,000
Where: Calabasas, Calif.
With her cosmetics company taking off, Jenner decided it was time for an upgrade and put the very first mansion she every bought for sale this June for $3.9 million. The five-bedroom, seven-bathroom estate was renovated with the reality star’s edgy style in mind, including a custom mural of her own face, skull wallpaper and  other “vibey” design choices.








































54 Photos »


 
Kylie Jenner’s $6 million hidden hills gem





CREDIT: Getty Images/MLS


Who: Kylie Jenner
Cost: $6,025,000
Where: Hidden Hills, Calif.
Adulting harder than most people you know, Jenner proved she wasn’t your average teen when she purchased a six-figure property in May that was worth almost three times the starter home she bought for herself back in 2015. Breaking out from her famous family’s home turf of Calabasas, the 19-year-old set up camp inside a six-bedroom and seven-bathroom mansion located in Hidden Hills.








































54 Photos »


 
Kylie Jenner’s $12 Million Home office





CREDIT: Getty Images/Trulia


Who: Kylie Jenner
Cost: $12,000,000
Where: Hidden Hills, Calif.
Oh, did you really think the lip kit queen only bought one house this year? Jenner created somewhat of a “kompound” of her own in October when she picked up the property adjacent to her Hidden Hills house for a cool $12 million. At the time, it was reported that the reality star was turning it into a guesthouse-slash-office for her company, Kylie Cosmetics. She since rented it out to her brother and his fiancée.








































58 Photos »


 
Johnny Depp’s $12.78 million post-divorce Penthouse





CREDIT: FameFlynet/James Lang/Berlyn Photography


Who: Johnny Depp
Cost: $12,780,000
Where: Los Angeles
Following a highly publicized divorce with Amber Heard, the actor seemingly tried to liquidate some of his real estate assets when he listed his eccentrically decorated penthouse, which was actually comprised of five individual apartments that he’s been using as oversized bedrooms, in the city’s historical Eastern Columbia Building for $12.78 million this September. In October, he sold one of the five condos that made up his former abode for $2.5 million. Only four more to go!








































21 Photos »


 
Kendall Jenner’s $6.5 million modern mansion





CREDIT: FameFlynet/Sotheby's International Realty


Who: Kendall Jenner
Cost: $6,500,000
Where: Los Angeles
Needing more space than what her two-bedroom, two-and-a-half bathroom condo could provide, Jenner upgraded to a house when she nabbed a six-bedroom and four-and-a-half bathroom mansion overlooking the Sunset Strip that previously belonged to Emily Blunt and John Krasinski. Since the move, Jenner also had to upgrade the property’s security after a stalker slipped past her gate and ended up on her driveway.








































47 Photos »


 
Scott Disick’s $8.8 Million bachelor pad





CREDIT: FameFlynet/TheOpenHouse


Who: Scott Disick
Cost: $8,800,000
Where: Hidden Hills, Calif.
Kourtney Kardashian’s ex-boyfriend attempted to flip his post-breakup home for some quick cash when he listed his $5.96 million abode, which he bought in December 2015, for a whopping $8.8 million this June. Granted, Disick splashed out on a lot of upgrades when he moved onto the lot, including installing Carrara marble fireplaces, custom window treatments, a closed circuit camera system and Lutron lighting controls to set the mood in every room. Living like a lord, indeed!








































50 Photos »


 
The $100 million Playboy Mansion





CREDIT: Getty Images/Hilton & Hyland


Who: Hugh Hefner
Cost: $100,000,000
Where: Los Angeles
After more than 30 years of ownership, the Playboy founder sold off his iconic home for $100 million — half of the property’s original asking price — in August. The contract stipulated that Hefner will be allowed to continue residing on the lot, paying $1 million per year in rent, and that renovations to the mansion cannot begin so as long as he lives. The new owner, who already owns the residence next door, expressed plans to connect the two estates together to create a 7.3-acre compound.








































11 Photos »


 
Lady Gaga’s $5.25 million piece of music history





CREDIT: FameFlynet/Hilton & Hyland


Who: Lady Gaga
Cost: $5,250,000
Where: Los Angeles
The Mother Monster picked up Frank Zappa’s former estate for $5.25 million in September, closing the deal well below its asking price. Gaga now owns the half-acre compound — comprised of a 6,759-square-foot main house with an attached staff apartment and two separate guesthouses — that features a rooftop tennis court, a large backyard pool, a double-height art gallery, a greenhouse, an underground vault, and a recording space where Zappa and other musicians laid down tracks.








































35 Photos »


 
Goldie Hawn and Kurt Russell’s $7.25 million love “shack” 





CREDIT: Getty Images/Trulia


Who: Goldie Hawn and Kurt Russell
Cost: $7,250,000
Where: Pacific Palisades, Calif.
The longtime couple decided to part ways with their longtime five-bedroom, five-bathroom love nest in the Pacific Palisades, a ritzy suburb in Los Angeles, by listing it for $7.25 million this September. Standing at 6,389 square feet, the main house offers a spacious kitchen and breakfast nook, a massive master suite with its own fireplace, spa tub and dry sauna, a fully-equipped gym that opens onto a beautiful terrace, and a home theater.








































14 Photos »


 
Gwen Stefani and Gavin Rossdale’s $35 million marital home





CREDIT: Getty Images/Westside Estate Agency


Who: Gwen Stefani and Gavin Rossdale
Cost: $35,000,000
Where: Los Angeles
Six months after finalizing their highly publicized divorce, the parents-of-three, who parted ways in 2015 after 13 years of marriage, listed the mega-mansion they once occupied as a family for $35 million this October. Decorated by famed interior designer Kelly Wearstler, the seven-bedroom, 10-bathroom spread features a black marble fireplace in the living room and black-and-white striped walls and cabinets in the kitchen. Basically, it has Stefani’s personality written all over it.








































31 Photos »


 
Michael Jackson’s $9.5 million “Thriller Villa”





CREDIT: Getty Images/Trulia


Who: Michael Jackson
Cost: $9,500,000
Where: Las Vegas
Another piece of MJ history was being sold off in June when his Vegas mansion, which the late singer rented from 2007 until his death in 2009, was listed for $9.5 million by his estate. Dubbed the “Thriller Villa,” the 16,122-square-foot abode has seven bedrooms, 12 bathrooms, a 74-seat chapel, a bell tower, and private art gallery filled with Jackson memorabilia and portraits of the music icon.








































30 Photos »


 
Jennifer Lopez’s $28 Million Bel Air Spread





Who: Jennifer Lopez
Cost: $28,000,000
Where: Bel Air, Calif.
Jenny From the Block? More like Jenny bought the block. J.Lo got quite a deal this May when she snagged Sela Ward’s former estate for $28 million — a whopping $11 million under the asking price. The singer got quite a bargain picking up the property, which is comprised of a 30-seat home theater, a massage room, a downstairs pub, three offices, his-and-hers dressing rooms, two guesthouses, a stream with a footbridge, a vineyard, a 100-seat outdoor amphitheater and a three-edge infinity swimming pool.








































25 Photos »


 
Miranda Lambert’s $2.6 million post-split manor





CREDIT: FameFlynet/MLS/Showcase Photographer


Who: Miranda Lambert
Cost: $2,600,000
Where: Nashville, Tenn.
Fresh from her divorce with Blake Shelton, Lambert placed the marital home she once shared with the country crooner, who is now dating fellow divorcée Gwen Stefani, on the market for $2.6 million this November. Located in Nashville, the sprawling homestead fit music royalty features five bedrooms, six bathrooms, two powder rooms, an enormous master suite with a sitting room, a pool, a library, a home theater and terrace with grilling station in the back.








































92 Photos »


/n