Joan Rivers’ Official Cause of Death Revealed/n





                    Joan's Doctor Fired
                







Joan Rivers' doctor fired after comedienne's death.

 MORE >>










                    Joan's Funeral Plans
                







How she wanted to go, according to the one and only Joan Rivers. 

 MORE >>





Joan Rivers’ official cause of death has been revealed.
The Fashion Police co-host passed away from anoxic encephalopathy due to hypoxic arrest — a lack of oxygen to her brain during an endoscopy procedure, the New York City Medical Examiner officially confirmed on Thursday. The comedienne died at the age of 81 on Sept. 4 at Mount Sinai Hospital, just a week after she went into cardiac arrest during what was supposed to be a minor outpatient procedure.

Rivers was reportedly under sedation with Propofol during the operation. Her death was described as resulting from a “predictable complication of medical therapy.”
At the time, the comedy legend’s daughter, Melissa Rivers, released the following statement:
Her daughter, Melissa Rivers, announced the devastating news in a statement:
It is with great sadness that I announce the death of my mother, Joan Rivers. She passed peacefully at 1:17pm surrounded by family and close friends. My son and I would like to thank the doctors, nurses, and staff of Mount Sinai Hospital for the amazing care they provided by mother.
Cooper and I have found ourselves humbled by the outpouring of love, support, and prayers we have received from around the world. They have been heard and appreciated.
My mother’s greatest joy in life was to make people laugh. Although that is difficult to do right now, I know her final wish would be that we return to laughing soon.
A star-studded funeral was held for Joan on Sept. 7. Whoopi Goldberg, Hugh Jackman, Sarah Jessica Parker, Clive Davis and Diana Sawyer were in attendance while eulogies were delivered by Howard Stern, Cindy Adams, Deborah Norville and Joan’s own daughter.

 
/n