'Jersey Shore' BRAWL -- Ronnie BEATS UP Situation /nRonnie and The Situation got into a MAJOR fist fight with each other last night in Italy ... TMZ has learned -- and based on the post-brawl pictures ... the Sitch got his ass kicked.The two arrived separately back to their apartment hours ago -- Situation has red marks covering his face around his left eye. Ronnie's knuckles were torn up and bleeding. Details around the fight are still unclear -- but big surprise ... we're told it all began with a blowout between Ronnie and Sammi.     Ryan Seacrest's GF -- Kissing Another Man  Ryan Seacrest's girlfriend Julianne Hough passionately locked lips with another man in Florida yesterday -- but good news for the  "American Idol " host ... it all took place on the set of her new movie.Julianne and Diego Boneta co-star in the upcoming Tom Cruise flick  "Rock of Ages " -- and if it wasn't clear from the manhandling beach photos ... they play a VERY touchy-feely couple.So far, no word from Seacrest -- but we're guessing ... that's gotta hurt.      Victoria's Secret Models: The Baby to Babe Transitions!  Dropping the baby weight isn't easy, but the women of Victoria's Secret have found a way to do it in almost no time at all!Miranda Kerr, Alessandra Ambrosio, Heidi Klum and more -- see how these women have gone from big bellies to bikini /runway /red carpet ready faster than we thought humanly possible!    Paddle Boarding with the Stars  Check out which stars are stuck up creek with a paddle... board!    Bump Watch -- Hollywood's 20 Pregnant Stars! There's a lot of mommies-to-be out there in Hollywood this week -- and we're checking in on all their baby bumps!Natalie Portman, Selma Blair, Kate Hudson, Jewel and more -- check out all the most recent pics of the expecting stars and their growing bellies!    Celebrity Scramble!   Can you guess which celebrity snapshot got one hell of a famous fricassee?!    Guess Which 'Idol' Star This Gal Turned Into!  Before  this  "American Idol " contestant  was in the Top 9, she was just another little girl in Wheeling, Illinois. Can you guess who she is?!    Celebrity Cross-Dressin'  Sometimes being a superstar can be a real drag -- see which stars have crossed over to the other side./n