Off The Hook! Bill Cosby Lawsuit Dismissed./n
Bill Cosby has scored a major legal victory, RadarOnline.com has learned. It was announced today that a defamation lawsuit brought by an actress against Cosby has been dismissed.
On Thursday, a U.S. District Judge found that Katherine McKee, 67, a former girlfriend of Sammy Davis, Jr., had not demonstrated that Cosby defamed her simply by denying her claims, which she made in an interview with the New York Daily News.
“An accused person cannot be foreclosed … from considering the issuance of a simple and unequivocal denial — free from overall defamatory triggers or contextual themes,” the judge wrote.
But Cosby still faces criminal charges for sexual assault in Pennsylvania.
As Radar has reported, prosecutors allege Cosby conducted a “lifetime of sexual assault on young women,” and say that the 79-year-old “shouldn’t be rewarded for being good at intoxicating people and putting them in a state where they can’t resist.”
McKee is just one of about 50 women who claim Cosby sexually assaulted them, often after plying them with drugs and alcohol. Cosby has denied all allegations vehemently.
In her interview with the New York Daily News, McKee said Cosby was a “buddy” who asked her to drop off some ribs at his hotel room.
PHOTOS: ‘Cosby’ Actress Secretly Told Cops About Unwanted ‘Sexual Contact’ With Bill — Read The Shocking Police Report
“I remember I walked in the door, and he had a robe and cap on. He took the ribs from my hands and just grabbed me,” McKee told the Daily News.
“He spun me around, pulled my panties down, and just took it. We were still standing at the door when he attacked me. It was so fast and so shocking and so unbelievable.”
McKee said she quickly fled to the bathroom to compose herself. Cosby got dressed, and the two shared an icy silence in the elevator down to the lobby.
“It was a rape, but it seemed so strange to call it that,” she told the Daily News at the time. “I chalked it up to another powerful person in Hollywood who just felt he could take what he wanted from women.”
Cosby faces a hearing in the Pennsylvania case later this month, as he attempts to move the trial from Montgomery County.
Story developing.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n