Colorado Army Sergeant 'Beyond Lucky' to Have Survived Lightning Strike on Motorcycle During Rush Hour/n
Eugene Villines has spent the past week stuck in a hospital bed, doctors and nurses tending to his broken body, as he asks himself why he is still alive.  
“I feel beyond lucky to still be here,” Villines, a Colorado National Guardsman, tells PEOPLE.   
He should.   
On Aug. 17, while riding his motorcycle back to Greely, Colorado, from his active-duty post with the National Guard’s aviation unit, Villines noticed an afternoon storm rolling in.  
Minutes later, while he barreled down I-25 north of Denver, a blinding flash of lightning lit up the highway – and horrified motorists watched helplessly as the 31-year-old Army staff sergeant slumped over his motorcycle after being struck, his hands still tightly gripping the handlebars.  
Time seemed to slow down as the unconscious Villines drifted across lanes of rush-hour traffic, miraculously avoiding the cars around him, eventually veering off the right shoulder of the highway as his bike went airborne and crashed.   
“The second I got hit, I was completely out,” says Villines, who woke up seven hours later in a hospital bed at the University of Colorado Hospital Burn Center. “I don’t remember anything. But people who saw what happened told me it was like the traffic all around me opened up, like it was all meant to be.”  
A handful of motorists pulled over and tended to his unconscious body, which had three broken ribs, a collapsed lung and a variety of scrapes and bruises, along with burns on his shoulder and hand where the lightning entered and exited his body.  
On average, 49 people die each year from lightning strikes, mostly due to injuries to their hearts and lungs.    
“I’ve done three tours and done some pretty dangerous stuff,” Villines says. “But this takes the cake.”  
(It even came with a new nickname, courtesy of his buddies, who now call him “Volt.”)  
Villines’s wife Katie says she is still “in shock” over the fact that her husband is alive. She tells PEOPLE she has her own theory about what happened.  
“Everyone is saying his helmet saved him, but I think God had a little to do with it,” she says. “We’re so lucky we still have him. We’re going to make sure we get our butts back to church and try to understand why he wasn’t killed.”
/n