 Not Soon Enough! Phaedra Parks Couldn’t Wait For Husband Apollo Nida To Report To Prison.../n
Phaedra Parks’ drama with her prison-bound husband Apollo Nida has been a key storyline all season on The Real Housewives of Atlanta, and Sunday night’s episode was no exception, as viewers learned Parks was actually anxious for Nida to be put behind bars as soon as possible.
As RadarOnline.com readers know, Nida is currently in prison serving an eight-year sentence for his bank fraud and identity theft conviction, and Sunday’s show gave viewers a glimpse of the events prior to Nida entering custody.
Parks admitted to her mother Pastor Regina that she would be less stressed out when Nida was incarcerated.
PHOTOS: Top Earning Real Housewives
“I won’t have to be worried about all his nonsense, wondering what’s going on with him, has he wrecked something, has he got in trouble somewhere?” she explained.
A week after fans saw Nida telling Parks at a nightclub that he still loved her even if she didn’t love him, the housewife told the cameras, “Apollo’s running around town like a chicken with his head cut off. I never know where he is, but no matter where I am in the world, he seems to pop up.”
Parks told her mother, “It’s easy to say you love somebody,” but Nida’s actions didn’t show it.
PHOTOS: Real Housewives, Real Scandals: 28 Of The Biggest Scandals To Hit The Bravo Franchise
Also, when they did talk, he was always trying to blame her for everything that had happened.
Parks said if Nida was insecure, he shouldn’t have married a successful woman.
Plus, the attorney and licensed mortician said there was no reason for Nida to have broken the law: “I have given him many legitimate business ideas, from the family funeral business to the workout DVDs.
Watch the video on RadarOnline.com

“He’s clearly rejected most of them and has just done whatever he wanted to do.”
And Parks claimed that their sons Ayden, 4, and Dylan, 19 months, seemed to be the furthest thing from his mind as he waited to find out when and where he would serve his sentence.
Later in the episode, Parks was seen caring for the kids and sighing, “I don’t know where Apollo is.”
PHOTOS: Punches! Hair Pulling & Drunken Battles! The 13 Nastiest Fights EVER On Real Housewives
She vowed that once he left for prison, that “nothing will change. I will continue to be a strong role model.
“I want to make sure they are thriving young men.”
Then in a heartbreaking moment, adorable Ayden said in his nightly prayer, “Bless mommy and daddy.”
PHOTOS: ‘You Gotta Lie!’ Teresa And Joe Giudice’s 30 Most Shocking Quotes About Their Fraud Charges & Financial Issues
Also on the episode, NeNe Leakes called a pow-wow so that she, frenemy Cynthia Bailey, and feuding divas Kenya Moore and Porsha Williams might bury the hatchet.
“Hi, Porsha, are we speaking today?” laughed Moore, who was physically attacked by Williams at the last reunion show.
“The four of us have had our issues,” Leakes said in the understatement of the season.
PHOTOS: The Housewives Curse! 20 Couples Whose Marriages Exploded After Going On The Bravo Show
Leakes reiterated that she loved Bailey after the two had earlier started the painful process of repairing their friendship, and Bailey returned the sentiment.
Bailey pointed out that both of them got their feelings hurt, but said she always wanted to be friends with Leakes.
“I need time,” Leakes said.
Moore suggested the two just have lunch together, but Leakes said not for a couple of years, which startled Bailey.
PHOTOS: Sonjaisms! 25 Silly Sonja Morgan Sayings From ‘RHONY’
“Just know that I am not your enemy,” Bailey told Leakes, then kissed her on the cheek three times.
Then Bailey said Williams was rude when she was an hour late for their previous lunch.
Williams started to shout at Bailey — and when Moore tried to butt in, Williams called Moore, “rude as a mother*cker”.
PHOTOS: Ruff Life! The Dogs Of ‘Real Housewives’ Steal The Show
Finally, Williams and Moore also made up.
Moore said, “There were a lot of things said and done … I gotta forgive and I have.”
Williams replied, “I acknowledged everything that happened.”
PHOTOS: Biggest Housewives Expose Ever: Andy Cohen Spills 15 Juicy Secrets
Moore got up and offered Williams a hug and even owned up to her own abrasive antics at the reunion show.
“I take full responsibility: can you give me a hug?” Moore said.
The two embraced and Moore suggested, “Let’s wipe the slate clean.”
PHOTOS: 18 Scandals From Teresa Giudice’s Worst Year Ever
RHOA fans also saw Kandi Burruss and her Mama Joyce discuss how Todd Tucker’s mom Sharon Wells had threatened to punch Mama Joyce.
And as Radar has reported, rampaging mother-in-law Wells (who tragically died after filming her housewives’ scenes this year) had also considered slapping Mama Joyce with a lawsuit.
Burruss recalled how angry Wells was about Mama Joyce calling her a prostitute (a charge Wells vehemently denied).
PHOTOS: Worse Than The Giudices? Joe And Melissa Gorga’s 28 Darkest Secrets & Scandals Revealed
But Burruss’ mother, who had just moved into a new home financed by Kandi, still refused to apologize to her in-law.
Later, when Burruss told husband Tucker, he proposed that the two of them take separate holidays so he could be with his mom.
In Tucker’s opinion, their two mothers couldn’t be in the same room together, and he said to Burruss, “It’s all a problem your mother created. I don’t see it working.”
PHOTOS: 15 Amazing ‘Real Housewives’ Catchphrases You Should Know By Heart
Also, RHOA revealed more about newbie Claudia Jordan’s life as she visited with her Italian mother Teresa and African-American grandmother Lillian.
Jordan, 41, said in confessional that her parents got divorced when she was 10-years-old.
Her mother urged her to have a baby out of wedlock because she wanted a grandchild.
Jordan reminded her mother they’d never said I love you.
“I show my love by doing things,” Teresa said.
She sighed that Jordan’s father would profess his love but “soon he saw a different skirt he went after.” /n