Angeline Jolie Hires the Real-Life Olivia Pope as She and Brad Pitt Negotiate a Custody Agreement/n





                    Here's Where Angelina Jolie Is Staying Amid Her Divorce with Brad Pitt
                







Angelina Jolie's post-split crash pad is anything but shabby.

 MORE >>





Angelina Jolie is bringing out the big guns as she maneuvers her way through her very public divorce with Brad Pitt.

People reports that Jolie has hired Judy Smith, the real-life woman who inspired the character of Olivia Pope (played by Kerry Washington) on Scandal. Smith is a legendary crisis manager who has worked with high profiled clients like Monica Lewinsky and Paula Deen.
“Judy has been asked to consult with those working with Angelina on divorce negotiations,” a source revealed. “Judy and her firm have a long history of handling issues that have unfortunately garnered too much attention in the public eye, and she knows how to push towards resolutions that are swift and discreet.”


	Inside Angelina Jolie's Post-Brad Pitt Split Crash Pad








































51 Photos »


Currently, Jolie and Pitt are close to settling their negotiations, which according to TMZ consist of four major elements: custody and visitation, temporary support for Jolie and the children, permanent financial support, and property split. Sources say the estranged couple are close to an agreement on the first two elements but haven’t yet worked out the last two.
As their relationship comes to an end, new details surrounding their 12-year romance have begun to emerge, including tales of their flirty behavior on the set of the movie where the fell in love, Mr. and Mrs. Smith. The couple’s former bodyguard Mark Behar, revealed to UsWeekly that the couple used to make out and send love notes to each other on set, while Pitt was still married to Jennifer Aniston.
“[Angelina] and Brad were constantly laughing and flirting with each other and acting like two school kids who had the hots for each other, and it was so cute. I caught them several times in each other’s trailers making out,” Behar said. “I wasn’t shocked at all when they got married years later.”


Angelina Jolie's Best Film Roles








































10 Photos »


/n