 ‘Leave This House!’ Jenelle Evans’ Fiancé Kicks Her Out During Explosive Fight.../n
Is Jenelle Evans calling off yet another wedding? The Teen Mom 2 star got into an explosive fight with her fiancé David Eason only months before their big day.
In a sneak peek, Evans becomes “annoyed” with Eason for taking a break with his friends while moving their belongings out of their old house.
Tensions between them get worse when the realtor office closed before they could pick up the keys to their new home.
“Now where are we going to sleep? In a hotel?” Evans, 25, asked. “What are we going to do? I’m going to freak out if I have to stay in this house another day.”
PHOTOS: Face-Off! Jenelle Evans Headed For Nasty Custody Showdown
Eason fired back, “I told you this morning, go to the damn house!”
Evans, who was pregnant with daughter Ensley at the time, responded, “With Kaiser? It’s hard.”
He then shot back, “You act like it’s my fault I told you at least six times, leave, leave this house! We shouldn’t even be in this house it has f*****g mold in it, you should be gone. Leave for the hotel. I’ll clean this s**t up.”
As Radar readers know, Evans revealed over Instagram that she’s marrying Eason on September 23, 2017.
PHOTOS: Jenelle Violates Court Order Over Baby Kaiser!
“Trust me, I’m kind of like freaking out in my head,” she told E! News of the upcoming ceremony. “But I am going wedding dress shopping.”
She also revealed if they plan to welcome another child.
“I think we’re good,” she said. “We have a lot of kids together.”
Eason added of their brood of five, “We already have so many kids and it’s really time-consuming, it’s hectic. We don’t get that much time for just ourselves.”
PHOTOS: ‘Teen Mom 2’ Tantrum! Jenelle Evans Lashes Out To Defend New Criminal Boyfriend: ‘He’s Not A Bad Guy!’
Evans was previously engaged to exes Nathan Griffith, Courtland Rogers and Gary Head. She only made it down the aisle with Rogers, who she was married to from 2012 to 2014.
Do you think Evans and Eason will get married? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n