Robert Blake's Girlfriend Warned Before Wedding: 'Get Out Before It's Too Late'/n
Robert Blake plans to say ‘I do’ for the third time —16 years after he went to trial for his second wife’s murder.
Now, the ex of Blake’s bride-to-be is offering some advice on what he hopes is not a doomed union.
“She’s a very smart person so if anything is going on, or [if there are] any issues, she’ll know to get out before it’s too late,” said Richard Hendershot, who broke up with the future Mrs. Blake in February 2016.
“Hopefully she’s making the right decision.”
PHOTOS: :Blake’s Girl Blossoming! Daughter Of ‘Baretta’ TV Star Robert Blake Shuns Her Murder Suspect Father In New Life
It was reported that the 83-year-old actor was at the Beverly Hills Courthouse on Thursday, filling out a marriage license alongside his flame-haired lady love, Pamela Hudak.
“It’s shocking that she’s getting married so quickly, but not that they are getting married,” added Hendershot, who knew Hudak had dated the Baretta star.
Blake’s first wife was Sondra Blake, who was married to the TV icon from 1960 to 1982.
This is Hudak’s first marriage, according to her ex.
PHOTOS: Love At Any Age? 82-Year-Old Robert Blake Debuts New Mystery Lady
“Robert and Pamela have been on and off for a long time. But his name never came up during our relationship,” said Hendershot.
“She saw him a couple times when we were together. But it wasn’t romantic, at least I didn’t think it was.”
According to Hudak’s Facebook profile, the Sherman Oaks, Calif. resident studied theatre in her home state of Minnesota and now works as a marketing specialist.
Hendershot said his 55-year-old ex-girlfriend met the hot-headed actor as a struggling actress when she was a stand-in for Geena Davis.
PHOTOS: Inside The Murder Den! Omar Mateen’s Florida Apartment Exposed
But she always kept her relationship with the troubled star a secret.
“Robert was never an issue in our relationship. She didn’t talk about him,” he said. “She’s a good, decent person, but I don’t know what prompted the reconciliation.
“I wish her happiness.”
Maybe this is the Little Rascals star’s chance at happiness too, since Radar reported he secretly lived on the dark side for years after his wife Bonnie Lee Bakley‘s death in a creepy house of horrors, complete with walls and ceilings painted black.
Blake was 68 when 44-year-old Bakley was gunned down on May 4, 2001, as she sat in their car outside a Studio City, Calif. restaurant. He was tried for her murder and acquitted in 2005. But Blake was later found liable for her death in a civil suit and ordered today $15 million to her kids, forcing him to file for bankruptcy.
The actor was first spotted in Los Angeles walking arm-in-arm with a mystery redhead in 2016 who looks similar to Hudak, but at the time Blake insisted she was simply his nurse.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n