Case Closed on Chris Brown-Frank Ocean Brawl/n
Chris Brown is off Ocean’s hook.
 

CHRIS BROWN’S BEEF WITH HOLLYWOOD








































15 Photos »



Authorities will soon close the investigation into the late-night brawl between Brown and hip hop artist Frank Ocean, without any charges being sought by either side, according to the Associated Press. The Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department is unlikely to file a misdemeanor battery charge against Brown, according to spokesman Steve Whitmore. But investigators will touch base with Ocean before officially closing the books on the case.
Just days after their Jan. 27 scuffle in the Los Angeles-area, the “Thinkin’ Bout You” crooner was “desirous of prosecution” against Brown. Charges could have posed a problem for Brown, who could have had his five-year probation — stemming from his 2009 assault of on-and-off girlfriend Rihanna — revoke should he have landed back in court.
But letting the dust settle, Ocean decided that he won’t be looking for justice after all. “As a child I thought if someone jumped me it would result in me murdering or mutilating a man. But as a man I am not a killer,” he wrote on his TumblrSaturday night.
“I’m an artist and a modern person. I’ll choose sanity. No criminal charges,” he continued. “No civil lawsuit. Forgiveness, albeit difficult, is wisdom. Peace, albeit trite, is what I want in my short life. Peace.”
On the night of the scuffle, sheriff’s deputies responded to a report of six men fighting in the parking lot at the Westlake Recording Studio in West Hollywood, Calif. According to a witness who spoke with authorities, the brief bout broke out when Brown, 23, punched Ocean, 25.
 

Chris Brown and Rihanna’s Most Controversial Moments of 2012








































12 Photos »



While neither party issued an official statement about the scuffle, both seemed to address the altercation on social media. Following the fray, Ocean took to Twitter: “got jumped by chris and a couple guys. lol,” the Odd Future artist wrote, adding he wishes Everett, his Bernese mountain dog, had been by his side. “cut my finger now I can’t play w two hands at the grammys.”
Then Brown — who wore a cast on his right arm in wake of the fray — posted an Instagram photo that’s worth a thousand words: Jesus crucified on the cross along with the telling caption, “Painting the way I feel today.”
Weigh in: Do you think Brown should have been charged? State your case in the comments below.
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n