Bobby Brown Asks Media to Not Speak With ‘Unauthorized Members of the Family’/n





                    Bobbi Kristina Brown's Eyes Open, Says Aunt
                







Bobb Kristina's aunt Leolah Brown claims she's doing "just fine" and even opening her eyes

 MORE >>





Bobby Brown, father of  Bobbi Kristina Brown, issued a new statement to the media yesterday (Feb. 13, 2015), regarding the updates being distributed from family sources.
He called out family sources, in particular Jerod Brown, for providing unreliable information to the media, and asks that they not be believed.
Ever since Brown was found facedown and unresponsive in her bathtub 2 weeks ago (Jan. 31, 2015), several “sources” have spoken to the media, but those reports have either been conflicting or, now we know, inaccurate.


Whitney Houston's Career Defining Moments








































9 Photos »


Bobby Brown’s lawyer Christopher Brown issued a statement saying,
At this time it is requested that the media cease speaking with unauthorized members of the family. The integrity of the events that led to the hospitalization of Bobbi Kristina must remain uncompromised.
Various members of the family have provided media interviews, however, none of them are approved visitors to see Bobbi Kristina.
None of them have firsthand knowledge of Bobbi Kristina’s treatment and the medical staff at Emory University Hospital has not communicated with them.
In particularly [sic], Jerod Brown aka Jerod Carter aka YF Kennedy, continues to makes statements and appear on television, however, he has not had any communication with Bobby Brown or the Houston family. He must be disregarded.
Please do not attend any ‘meet and greet’ organized by Jerod Brown as he is unable to provide access to Bobbi Kristina or information on her condition. This is a criminal investigation and we do not need this side show.
Bobby Brown then added, “We continue to request privacy in this matter. We thank everyone that supports Bobbi Kristina and God is hearing our prayers.”


Cissy Houston Reveals All About Whitney Houston in New Book








































10 Photos »


Bobbi Kristina Brown has remained on life-support for nearly two weeks since her drowning incident. Brown is holding on to hope that his 21-year-old daughter (with late ex-wife and legend Whitney Houston) will recover, however her condition has remained unchanged and she remains unconscious.
Nick Gordon, Bobbi Kristina’s partner who was previously believed to be her husband, has also spoken out amidst Jerod Brown’s statements that he was barred from the hospital from the family.
According to People, his lawyer said, “In response to reports that Nick Gordon is taking legal action, he would like it to be clear, he is not. Mr. Gordon’s only concern is the recovery of Bobbi Kristina. He remains in constant prayer for his companion and he hopes to be reunited with her soon.
“Despite the incredible public interest, we ask and hope that this request can be resolved privately by Mr. Gordon and the family.”
Gordan reportedly is at the center of the criminal investigation of that Saturday morning when Brown was found unresponsive in the bathtub.





/n