Rosamund Pike Prepared for THAT Gone Girl Scene by Torturing Dora the Explorer Doll—Watch and See the Photo! You may want to keep Rosamund Pike away from your kid's toys. The 36-year-old British actress used a rather unconventional meth.../n
You may want to keep Rosamund Pike away from your kid's toys.The 36-year-old British actress used a rather unconventional method to rehearse for a particularly gruesome, violent sex scene with Neil Patrick Harris in David Fincher's  thriller Gone Girl, an R-rated film that earned her a 2015 Oscar nomination."Neil and I were kind of left alone on the soundstage for a considerable amount of time, but David sort of, really, would have had us doing it all day and all night and...you get into the Fincher mindset and you think, 'Maybe I haven't done enough rehearsal,'" Pike said on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon on Thursday. "And so, I went home and I thought, 'Well, I could ask my husband to kind of do this with me,' and I was like, 'No, I think that would be weird.""So I went down to CVS. I was driving home from set one night and I went into CVS and I found this, this Dora the Explorer felt doll. And I thought, 'Well, I could kind of use that. But she wasn't tall enough. She had to kind of be as tall as Neil Patrick Harris."

Spoiler alert!In Gone Girl, Pike plays Amy, a disturbed wife who disappears mysteriously, leaving her husband Nick, played by Ben Affleck, as a possible suspect. In the scene in question, she goes all praying mantis on an ex-boyfriend and stalker, Desi, portrayed Harris. It's not pretty. There's blood. LOTS of blood.Pike attached the Dora the Explorer doll to a wooden post before she began rehearsing for the scene. A photo of the toy in its tortured state was shown on a screen during the Tonight Show interview."Then I practiced the scene at home, by the swimming pool," she told Fallon. "We rent a house in the [Hollywood] Hills, which is one of those houses which...feels very private but in fact is overlooked by a lot of other houses. So, if anyone's actually looking over at the house that morning, they would have seen me do highly inappropriate things to this Dora the Explorer doll."

The scene in the movie was shot 36 times, according to Vanity Fair."I told them to rehearse it for three days," Fincher told the magazine, "As we're pumping five gallons of blood out of Desi's throat."The outlet reported that they worked it out for a week and then filmed it with "36 sheets, 450 gallons of blood, and 36 pairs of underpants" on hand.
/n