Venus Williams Suffers Humiliating Wimbledon Tennis Defeat/n
Venus Williams lost the Wimbledon final on Saturday and it couldn’t have come at a worse time as she is facing a serious “court” issue that doesn’t involve tennis rackets.
As Radar readers know, Venus was slapped with a wrongful death lawsuit on June 29 after she allegedly slammed into Linda and Jerome Barson‘s car on June 9, and Jerome, 78, died.
Although police first alleged that Venus was “at fault” for the wreck after it was claimed that the athlete drove through a red light in Palm Beach County, Fla., triggering the accident, authorities later rescinded that conclusion, as Deadspin reported. After looking at surveillance video, the police released a statement, stating, “it has been determined the vehicle driven by Venus Williams lawfully entered the intersection on a circular green traffic signal.”
PHOTOS: Celebrity House Swap! Venus Williams Sells Hollywood Hills Home To ‘Juno’ Star Ellen Page For $1.7 Million
Venus was not cited or charged in the crash but the wrongful death lawsuit  still seeks unspecified damages.
Now Venus, 37, has suffered a humiliating defeat at the esteemed British tennis tournament Wimbledon, losing in the women’s final to Spaniard Garbine Muguruza, 23, who had been ranked 14th seed entering the contest. Venus was trying to be the oldest Grand Slam singles female winner ever, but it wasn’t to be.
Although the first set was close, the second set was brutal and one-sided as Muguruza bested Venus 7-5, 6-0 in an hour and 17 minute match, as the Daily Mail reported.
Just thirteen months ago, Muguruza had beaten Venus’s sister Serena, who is now pregnant, at Roland Garros, but experts never expected the Spaniard to best tennis legend Venus at storied Wimbledon.
PHOTOS: Game, Set, Flash! US Open Wardrobe Malfunctions With Serena & Venus Williams PLUS More Embarrassing Shots!
Muguruza, who is in her early 20s, said afterwards about her rival, “She is such an incredible player. I grew up watching her play. It is incredible to play her in the final.”
Venus was gracious in the loss, saying, “Congratulations Garbine, amazing.
“I know how hard you work and I’m sure this means so much to you and your family. Well done today, beautiful.”
Although Venus put on a brave face, could stress have played a role in Venus’ shocker loss?
PHOTOS: Game, Set, Engaged! Serena Williams Marrying Tech Millionaire
Venus, who previously won the tournament five times, had earlier broke down in tears during a Wimbledon press conference when asked about the tragic car crash.
At that time, Venus said, “There are really no words to describe, like, how devastating and — yeah,” Williams said after winning her first-round match at Wimbledon. “I’m completely speechless. It’s just — yeah, I mean, I’m just …”
At that point, her voice stopped, and the tears started flowing. After a few moments of silence Venus admitted, “Maybe I should go”—and she did, leaving the presser.
And now, the veteran tennis star has lost a tournament she was expected to win.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n