President Trump Creeps HARD On Female Irish Reporter In The Oval Office, America Apologizes/n

Don't think that destroying our healthcare and environment is leaving Donald Trump too preoccupied to creep out a female Oval Office guest.
Americans on Twitter were unsurprised yet embarrassed after an Irish reporter shared a video of POTUS singling her out in a meeting to compliment her smile.
Caitriona Perry, the Washington correspondent for Irish broadcaster RTE, was sitting in with press during Trump's phone call with Ireland's new prime minister when the "bizarre moment" occurred.
Video: Rick Perry Claims Science Isn't Settled On Climate Change!
After Trump congratulated Taoiseach Leo Varadkar on his victory over the phone, he beckoned Perry over with his finger and cooed: 
"And where are you from? Go ahead, come here, come here. Where are you from? We have all of this beautiful Irish press."
Perry approached the president and told him where she was from before quickly retreating back to her seat, as the President told the Irish leader:
"She has a nice smile on her face, so I bet she treats you well."
WTF, dude? This is the Oval Office, not the Miss Universe dressing room!
Related: CNN Retracted A False Story & Trump Is LIVING For It!
Social media quickly reacted to Perry's video with frustration, embarrassment, and apologies on behalf of the Creeper in Chief.
See the video for yourself (below) — along with some grossed out reactions.

Video of the bizarre moment when President @realDonaldTrump called me over during his call with Taoiseach @campaignforLeo Varadkar. @rtenews pic.twitter.com/TMl2SFQaji
— Caitriona Perry (@CaitrionaPerry) June 27, 2017


Trump,"She has a nice smile on her face so I bet she treats you well."😳Ms.Perry, please accept the apology of at least 1 female American.😔
— Christine Canning (@Canni2Canning) June 27, 2017


*sigh* The apology tour Americans are going to have to go on after this turnip is ousted is going to be long.
We are truly sorry, Ms. P.
— Dane Rauschenberg (@SeeDaneRun) June 27, 2017


Yes. I'd like a huge sign that says "Pardon our mess, we are working on making America kind again."
— allison hazell (@AllisonHazell) June 27, 2017


We apologize that our president is a weird, inappropriate creep.
— Shannon Coulter (@shannoncoulter) June 27, 2017


It's hell to be objectified. When POTUS has no fear of doing that surrounded by cameras… I'm so sorry. Your success is more than a smile.
— Cristin Harber (@CristinHarber) June 28, 2017


He called you over to look you over. Gross. #EmbarassedForMyCountry
— Kevin Chamberlin (@kevinchamberlin) June 27, 2017
Ick. Our apologies, Ms. Perry.
[Image via Twitter.]
/n