Pregnant Ciara Flaunts Baby Bump (While Wearing Only Her Calvins!) in Sexy New Snap/n
Ciara is inching closer and closer to second-time motherhood.
Over the weekend, the pregnant singer shared a stunning new Instagram snap, in which she can be seen showing off her bare baby belly while wearing nothing but Calvin Klein undergarments.
The photo comes three months after Ciara, 31, posed in a #mycalvins campaign ad for the brand, wearing what seemed to be the same underwear set beneath a pair of denim overalls.
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.





A post shared by Ciara (@ciara) on Mar 18, 2017 at 9:00am PDT


RELATED VIDEO: Baby on the Way for Ciara and Russell Wilson!

 
In October, Ciara and her husband Russell Wilson, 28, announced that they are expecting their first child together. The “Body Party” songstress is also mom to 2½-year-old Future Zahir, her son from a previous relationship with rapper Future.
The soon-to-be mother of two was recently involved in a two-car accident, when a gray Volvo SUV slammed into her passenger-side door. At the time, Ciara’s rep told PEOPLE, “She’s fine.”
Following the accident, Wilson tweeted, “Momma Wilson and Baby Wilson are feeling great! God is good!”





 So Much Bass.
A post shared by Ciara (@ciara) on Mar 16, 2017 at 8:22am PDT


FROM COINAGE: This Is How Long You’ll Have To Work To Make As Much Money As Rihanna’s Hit “Work”

 
Future is excited to be a big brother, already talking to his little sibling through his mama’s belly.
“He’ll randomly pull my shirt up and be like, ‘I want to see the baby,’ ” Ciara told HarpersBazaar.com, for whom she posed in a series of maternity shots earlier this month.
” ‘Hello, baby. How you doing, baby? I love you, baby. Okay, talk to you later, baby. Bye, bye.’ ” she added of Future’s love for his soon-to-arrive brother or sister. “Then he’ll kiss me on my belly and put my shirt back down.”
/n