Your 6 Monday Picks: 2017 Grammy Awards Edition/n





                    Kelly Clarkson Thought She Had Cancer at the 2006 Grammy Awards
                







Scary

 MORE >>





The 59th Annual Grammy Awards was an emotional roller coaster of artistic triumphs, technical difficulties, and snubs for Beyoncé.

James Corden hosted the awards show last night on Sunday, Feb. 12, 2017, where Adele took home three of the top four awards of the evening for Record of the Year, Song of the Year, and Album of the Year. Despite the disappointing oversight of Lemonade in two of these categories, Beyoncé, who is pregnant with twins, put on a mesmerizing performance celebrating motherhood that was introduced by her mother, Tina. Chance the Rapper also took home his first three Grammys for Best New Artist, Best Rap Album, and Best Rap Performance without selling physical copies of his music.
The red carpet (literally) dazzled when CeeLo Green arrived in a full suit of gold C-3PO armor and when Lady Gaga and Céline Dion hosted this interaction:


"You're great.""You're great.""Ur right, truce."#GRAMMYs pic.twitter.com/d52boLcvVm
— CELEBUZZ (@CELEBUZZ) February 13, 2017

You can view more of the red carpet photos in the gallery at the top of the page. Click here to see the full list of winners and continue scrolling to relive the six most talked-about moments of the evening.


2017 Grammys: Best and Worst Dressed Celebrities








































28 Photos »


1. Beyoncé’s Visually Stunning Medley of Songs from Lemonade

Beyonce’s full performance RT to save a life #GRAMMYs pic.twitter.com/0xtYLEC6xD
— S (@rivrslut) February 13, 2017


2. Adele Curses and Asks to Restart Her George Michael Tribute Performance

Watch Adele’s tribute to George Michael in full here: pic.twitter.com/LmsfYFKMaG
— Adele Daily (@AdeleDailyInfo) February 13, 2017



3. Lady Gaga’s Performance with Metallica, Also Ridden with Technical Difficulties 






4. Bruno Mars and Morris Day and the Time Put on an Electric Prince Tribute


5. Chance the Rapper Performs “How Great” / “All We Got” with Kirk Franklin, Francis and the Lights, Tamela Mann, and a Gospel Choir
Chance The Rapper, Kirk Franklin and Tamela Mann brought the church to the #GRAMMYs 2017 pic.twitter.com/bB51vkTasu
— What’s Trending Sa (@whatstrendingSa) February 13, 2017


6. Adele Breaks Her Grammy for Album of the Year in Half After Declaring that it Belongs to Beyoncé
“I can’t possibly accept this award,” said Adele. “The Lemonade album was just so monumental, Beyoncé. It was so monumental and well thought-out and beautiful and soul-bearing… we appreciate that. All of us artists here adore you. You are our light.”





/n