Here’s What Critics Are Saying About ‘The Huntsman: Winter’s War’ /n





                    Charlize Theron Is Fierce and Elegant on ‘V Magazine’ Cover 
                







The inspiring beauty talked about her struggles as a young actress in the magazine’s latest issue

 MORE >>





Check out the reviews before heading to the theater!

This weekend, The Huntsman: Winter’s War rolls into theaters offering movie-goers a prequel to the Snow White legend. The trailers are loaded with eye-popping visuals and famous faces, but is it worth shelling out the cash to see it on the big screen? Let’s take a gander at some critics’ thoughts on the fantasy adventure…
“There is a decent movie buried in here somewhere, but with such powerhouse actresses, it’s dismaying that it feels so regressive from the first.”
-Lindsey Bahr [Associated Press]

“Overall, The Huntsman: Winter’s War feels like a movie that didn’t need making, but at least it justifies its existence.”
-Rafer Guzman [Newsday]

“[A] less-than-satisfying if occasionally entertaining fantasy romp that does feature some of the more talented actors on the planet.”
-Bill Zwecker [Chicago Sun-Times]


Emily Blunt Shows Off Baby Bump Alongside Chris Hemsworth at 'The Huntsman: Winter's War' London Photocall








































9 Photos »


“Gowns aside, this thing’s a snooze: Events unfold tediously, and there are many scenes in which extras with dirty faces, playing demoralized townsfolk, mill about in a desultory fashion.”
-Stephanie Zacharek [Time Magazine]

“There needs to be urgency, shape, and emotional investment. In a word, a script. Otherwise, it’s just a two-hour Vogue fashion shoot highlighted by Emily Blunt riding bareback on a polar bear.”
-Chris Nashawaty [Entertainment Weekly]

“Charlize Theron is offscreen for a full hour, presumably reading better scripts.”
-Mara Reinstein [Us Weekly]


Charlize Theron, Chris Hemsworth, Jessica Chastain and More at 'The Huntsman: Winter's War' Premiere








































20 Photos »


/n