The Daily Buzz: Robert Pattinson Addresses the ‘Elephant in the Room,’ Plus Who’ll Be Cast in ‘Fifty Shades of Grey’ (VIDEO)/n





                    Robert Pattinson: Sexiest Looks
                







The British hottie sure knows how to work it!

 MORE >>





Celebuzz is breaking down the biggest entertainment stories each day with our new show, The Daily Buzz.
From the epicenter of all things celebrity on the Sunset Strip in Hollywood, Calif., we’re reporting the stories that matter most to our readers.
On Wednesday’s episode: Robert Pattinson faces tough questions on Good Morning America — but what did he really mean when he told George Stephanopoulos he’s “never been interested in trying to sell my personal life”?

Dr. Lillian Glass, a renowned body language expert, explains what the 26-year-old Twilight star was really thinking when he was pressed on the cheating scandal that ignited when his girlfriend Kristen Stewart was photographed locking lips with Snow White and the Huntsman director Rupert Sanders.
“It told us that he is uncomfortbale and that he is not going to say anything negative about Kristen,” said Dr. Glass, author of I Know What You’re Thinking.
“The truth is there is a lot of sadness that leaks out.”
Plus, we investigate: Is Hollywood now turning its back on Stewart?


BACK IN THE SPOTLIGHT: PATTINSON STEPS OUT IN NEW YORK








































9 Photos »


In our Big Story, The Daily Buzz panel turns its focus to the issue of domestic violence in Tinseltown.
With Chad Ochocinco breaking his silence on his arrest for allegedly head-butting his wife Evelyn Lozada in a Twitter message to fans and friends, thanking them “for keeping me afloat,” famed Hollywood attorney and New York Times bestseller Lisa Bloom argues no one should have been surprised at the weekend’s incident.
“This is exactly the kind of swagger mentality that I talk about… an attitude of arrogance, an attitude that I am above the law,” said Bloom, author of Swagger: 10 Urgent Rules for Raising Boys in an Era of Failing Schools, Mass Joblessness, and Thug Culture.
Also joining the discussion is Dr. Elizabeth Waterman of the Morningside Recovery Centers.


MEL GIBSON: KING OF TINSELTOWN TEMPER TANTRUMS?








































15 Photos »


In a lighter moment, The Daily Buzz also investigates who could be cast as the racy lovers in the silver screen adaptation of British author E. L. James’ Fifty Shades of Grey.

Watch the show in the video above.
/n