2016 BAFTAs: ‘The Revenant’ and Leonardo DiCaprio Win Big, Brie Larson Wins Another Best Actress Trophy/n
Is an Oscar in Leo’s future?
It was a huge night for The Revenant, as Leonardo DiCaprio’s performance as a vengeful frontiersman finally won him a best actor British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA) award.
DiCaprio had been here three times previously, losing for The Aviator, The Departed and The Wolf of Wall Street.


2016 British Academy Film Awards 








































44 Photos »


The actor used his speech to wish his mother a happy birthday and thank her for supporting him as a child.
“I grew up in a very rough neighborhood in East Los Angeles. And this woman drove me three hours a day to a different school to show me a different opportunity,” he said.





CREDIT: Getty Images


“I’m shocked and amazed, honored,” he said of the award. “To tell you the truth none of this was expected.”
DiCaprio got a treat during the awards last night (Feb. 14, 2016), he got to kiss Dame Maggie Smith on the Kiss Cam!





The epic film, which is based the story of fur-trapper Hugh Glass’ recovery from a bear attack, scooped five awards, including best film, best cinematography and best sound.
The film’s director Alejandro González Iñárritu, also won best director, said its BAFTA success was “overwhelming.”
Actress Brie Larson, who was absent filming King Kong in Australia, for her astonishing performance as an imprisoned mother in Room. She won from a list that also had Alicia Vikander, Cate Blanchett, Maggie Smith and Saoirse Ronan.
Kate Winslet won her third Bafta – after Sense and Sensibility and The Reader – for her role as Apple marketing executive Joanna Hoffman in Steve Jobs.
Winslet dedicated the prize to “all those young women who doubt themselves,” recalling that she once had been told to go for “the fat-girl parts. “Look at me now!” Winslet said.





CREDIT: Getty Images


Mark Rylance won his first film BAFTA, best supporting actor for his performance as a Russian spy in Steven Spielberg’s Bridge of Spies.
George Miller’s dystopian thrill ride Mad Max: Fury Road took four prizes: editing, production design, costume design, and hair and makeup.
Below is the full list of 2016 BAFTA winners:
Best Film
Winner: The Revenant
Best Actor
Winner: Leonardo DiCaprio
Best Actress
Winner: Brie Larson
Best Director
Winner: Alejandro González Iñárritu
Outstanding British Film
Winner: Brooklyn
Best Supporting Actor
Winner: Mark Rylance, Bridge of Spies
Best Supporting Actress
Winner: Kate Winslet, Steve Jobs
Best Adapted Screenplay
Winner: The Big Short
Best Animated Film
Winner: Inside Out
Best Make-Up and Hair
Winner: Mad Max: Fury Road
Best Original Music
Winner: The Hateful Eight
Best Cinematography
Winner: The Revenant
Best Original Screenplay
Winner: Spotlight
Best Costume Design
Winner: Mad Max: Fury Road


'Mad Max: Fury Road' Premieres in Hollywood








































32 Photos »


Best Documentary
Winner: Amy
Best Production Design
Winner: Mad Max: Fury Road
Best Editing
Winner: Mad Max: Fury Road
Best Sound
Winner: The Revenant
Best Film Not in the English Language
Winner: Wild Tales
Best Special Effects
Winner: Star Wars: The Force Awakens
Fellowship Award
Winner: Sir Sidney Poitier
Outstanding Debut by a British Writer, Director or Producer
Winner: Naji Abu Nowar, Rupert Lloyd, Theeb
Best British Short Film
Winner: Operator
Best British Short Animation
Winner: Edmond
Outstanding British Contribution to Cinema
Winner: Angels Costumes
EE Rising Star
Winner: John Boyega


2016 British Academy Film Awards - Red Carpet Arrivals








































44 Photos »


/n