 More L.A. Clippers Scandal: New CEO Has Secret Love Child With Model! Baby Mama Speaks.../n
Donald and Shelly Sterling have brought the Los Angeles Clippers into the headlines for all the wrong reasons over the past few weeks, but just as that scandal dies down, RadarOnline.com has uncovered yet another bombshell set to rock the team: The interim Clippers CEO, Richard Parsons, has a secret love child with his model mistress!
Parsons, 66, has been married for 35 years to his wife Laura, 67. After his announcement as interim Clippers CEO in L.A. last week, the millionaire businessman reportedly flew back to the East Coast to be by her side as she underwent a medical procedure on Tuesday.
But in 2008, he was less of a doting husband when he fathered a daughter, Ella, with model and philanthropist MacDella Cooper!
PHOTOS: 25 Stars Who Have Been Brutally Busted In Big Lies
Cooper confirmed exclusively to Radar, “Mr. Parsons is a wonderful man, and a great father to his daughter,” who will be 6 in August.
According to a report in the New York Daily News at the time, the couple first met through Cooper’s MacDella Cooper Foundation, an organization that supports children in her home country of Liberia.
The Daily News claimed Parsons made donations to the foundation and was a guest speaker at a gala thrown by Cooper in October 2007.
PHOTOS: Happy Trails Donald! A Look At Sterling’s Potential Successors At The Helm Of The Los Angeles Clippers
Parsons told the paper at the time, “This is a private matter and I prefer not to talk about it …” He could not be reached for comment.
The former Citigroup CEO was announced as interim Clippers CEO Friday after NBA Commissioner Adam Silver handed out a lifetime ban to team owner Sterling. “I believe the hiring of Dick Parsons will bring extraordinary leadership and immediate stability to the Clippers organization,” Silver said in a statement.
Parsons added, “A lifelong fan of the NBA, I am firmly committed to the values and principles it is defending, and I completely support Adam’s leadership in navigating the challenges facing the team and the league.”
Do you think he is a good pick to lead the team? Let us know in the comments! /n