The 7 Best New Songs of the Week: Usher, Garbage, Nick Jonas, The Avalanches and More/n





                    More Great New Music
                







Listen to the best 8 songs from last week.

 MORE >>





Looking for new tunes? We’ve got you covered.

So much new music is released each week that it’s impossible to hear it all. Not that you’d want to; a lot of it isn’t so hot. But let us help simplify your search for new sounds with a roundup of the week’s seven best new songs. Trust us. We have good taste. (And check out last week’s collection if your hunger has still not been sated.)
Usher – “Crash”

I feel like Usher is literally asking for fan approval of his four-year hiatus through the lyrics of this song. Yes, it’s fine that you waited. Yes, we had something special. It was called the early 2000s. And yes, Ursher Raymond — you’ll always be my boo. – Mia
The Avalanches feat. Toro Y Moi – “If I Was A Folkstar”
This song is not currently available on major streaming platforms. Please visit our friends at Stereogum for more information and to find a link to stream.
It has been 16 years since we have had new music from The Avalanches, and it definitely was worth the wait. The song features a sample of the radio opening from Queens Of The Stone Age’s “You Think I Ain’t Worth a Dollar, But I Feel Like a Millionaire.” “If I Was A Folkstar” is a feel-good cut, that is prime for blasting in your car while driving down the freeway. The feel is slightly reminiscent of their Since I Left You album, which was released in 2000 – breezy electro pop. – Michael
Garbage – “Night Drive Loneliness”

Garbage’s new album, Strange Little Birds, is so good it’s almost surprising. “Almost” because it’s Garbage, a band that’s been fairly consistent (and fairly underrated) for more than two decades; so, OK, it’s not really that surprising. But in all honestly, I don’t think many would have expected the band to put out an album that approaches the heights of their debut album and 1998’s Version 2.0 in the year 2016. One highlight is “Night Drive Loneliness,” one of several tracks that updates the band’s ’90s signature grunge-pop sound for the current era. With its lyrics — “Got my high heels and my lipstick / my blue velvet dress in my closet / got my phone on vibrate / all I do is wait” — and its dark, eerie mood, it could be (with different production) a Lana Del Rey song. Of course, isn’t every Lana Del Rey song really just a Garbage song? Regardless, it’s good to have Shirley Manson and Company back and at the top of their game. – Matt
Nick Jonas – “Touch”

“Touch,” off of Nick Jonas’ new album Last Year Was Complicated, is one of the better songs (other than “Close” and personal fave “Bacon”); it’s one of those songs that I’ll be playing all summer long because it’s so easy to listen to! – Kaitlyn
G-Eazy and Jeremih – “Saw It Coming” (from the Ghostbusters soundtrack)

G-Eazy and Jeremih’s new song for the Ghostbusters original soundtrack is super catchy, at first I didn’t even realize it was topical and about ghosts (?). It’s also weirdly getting me excited for both the movie as well as the soundtrack, which is said to also have a single by Missy Elliott. – Kaitlyn
Phantogram – “You Don’t Get Me High Anymore”

Well, where the hell did this come from? Phantogram has, since 2009 or so, been one of those bands that I’ve casually enjoyed now and then, mostly because my low-ish interest coasts on my love for a handful of songs from their first album. Their work with Big Boi as part of Big Grams failed to wow me. I found it harder and harder to get excited. So when they do things like go and drop absolute bangers like “You Don’t Get Me High Anymore,” color me surprised and delighted. “High” is big and bombastic and chaotic and dark. It uses drugs and addiction, those old tropes of love songs both happy and sad, as its lyrical driving force.”Used to take one, now it takes four / you don’t get me high anymore,” the refrain goes. Fortunately, the song gets the listener high after just one listen. – Matt
Nick Jonas – “Unhinged”

A piano ballad that features Nick Jonas’ falsetto? I’m in. The song “Unhinged” sees Jonas singing about conflicted love in a soul-crushing honest way. Jonas shows off his vulnerable side and sings about how he’s damaged from heartbreak. In the song, he also acknowledges that he’s no the easiest person to deal with. “You’re not the first to try and diagnose what’s wrong with me / I’ll be the first to admit that I’m hard to please.” Jonas needs to sing more songs like this! – Michael
/n