Tyler Perry is ‘Fatherly Mentor’ for Whitney Houston’s Daughter Bobbi Kristina Brown (EXCLUSIVE)/n





                    FAVORITE WHITNEY SONGS
                







Celebrities reveal their most loved Whitney Houston tunes.

 MORE >>










                    WHITNEY'S FINAL DAYS
                







Photos of the pop sensation's last days.

 MORE >>





Bobbi Kristina Brown is getting emotional support from one of her late mother’s famous friends: Tyler Perry.
According to Maxine Gordon, grandmother of Bobbi Kristina’s fiance, Nick Gordon, the famed director has been looking out for the 19-year-old since her mother Whitney Houston died tragically in February.
“Tyler is there for her,” Maxine told Celebuzz exclusively. “Tyler promised Whitney he’d watch out for her and take care of her. I think he is a fatherly mentor for her, and he loves her.”
Will Tyler make an appearance on Bobbi Kristina’s much-hyped new reality show?

While the 19-year-old recently starred in Perry’s sitcom For Better or Worse, it’s doubtful the director will be on Lifetime’s The Houstons: On Our Own. Maxine, however, was invited to participate in the show — but refused.
“I was asked to be in a reality show, and so was Bobbi’s grandmother Cissy,” she revealed. “We both didn’t want to do it. I wish they wouldn’t do it [either]. It only creates problems.”
Case in point: the 2005 reality show Being Bobby Brown, which starred Whitney and her then-husband (and Bobbi Kristina’s father) Bobby Brown. Said Maxine of the show: “All he did was insult her, and it showed their demons.”


one moment in time: Whitney's iconic life in photos








































49 Photos »


Despite her concerns about the television venture, Maxine approves of her grandson’s decision to walk down the aisle with Bobbi Kristina, telling Celebuzz: “We are supportive and we’re not going to abandon them.”
But she still believes Gordon — who informally adopted by Whitney when he was 12 — should wait a few years before tying the knot.
“They are too young to get married,” Maxine said. “He’s 23 and is a man, but he’s still young and her too. Bobbi Kristina needs to go to school. I know Nick is trying to encourage her, but she has her own mind.”
 

bobbi kristina & nick at whitney tribute






















3 Photos »


The Houstons: On Our Own will focus on how Bobbi Kristina has moved on since her mother was found lifeless in a bathtub at the Beverly Hilton Hotel. Perry, meanwhile, is set to release his new film, Alex Cross, on October 19.
Do you think agree with Maxine? Is Bobbi Kristina’s reality show a bad idea? Sound off in the comments.
Celebuzz Single Player Autoplay (CORE).
No changes are to be made to this player.


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n