Did Alex Rodriguez Cheat on Jennifer Lopez?/n
It’s that time of the week again when the celebrity weeklies hit the newsstands. To separate what’s real and rumor, we turned to our friends at Gossip Cop for the 411 on this week’s most controversial stories.

Alex Rodriguez cheated on Jennifer Lopez with an ex-girlfriend named Lauren Hunter, and now their romance is “over,” reveals the National Enquirer. The publication notes Rodriguez’s relationship with Lopez was destroyed, thanks to “sordid phone sex” and “hotel hookup arrangements” with Hunter. For how ugly their split was, see what Rodriguez and Lopez insiders leak to Gossip Cop.
Brad Pitt recently told Jennifer Aniston he was sorry for “all the heartbreak” he created when he had an affair with Angelina Jolie and left their marriage, reveals Life & Style. The publication notes that as part of his alcohol recovery, Pitt apologized for “not being the husband Jen deserved.” For how Aniston shockingly responded, go to Gossip Cop.
Katie Holmes is writing a no-holds barred book about her marriage to Tom Cruise and relationship with Jamie Foxx, reports Star. Among the tell-all’s bombshells, notes the outlet, is Holmes will reveal what was “the breaking point” that led her to ditch Cruise. For more details about the memoir, see what Holmes’ rep surprisingly leaks to Gossip Cop.
Taylor Swift had her secret relationship with Joe Alwyn leaked to the press, reports the National Enquirer. The magazine says even though the singer led Alwyn to think she wasn’t going to use him for publicity, her camp revealed the relationship to the media to create buzz before her upcoming album. For how Swift justified it and Alwyn’s reaction, log on to Gossip Cop.
Kylie Jenner is “secretly married” to Travis Scott, reveals Life & Style. The publication says even though they’ve only been dating a short time, they had a small wedding at her Calabasas home, and Kendall was the only relative invited. For more scoop about the wedding and why no other family members were there, click over to Gossip Cop.
/n