Lady Gaga Confirms Fifth Album to Be Released in 2016/n





                    WATCH: Leonardo DiCaprio Explains His Brush With Greatness (Lady Gaga)
                







No shade. 

 MORE >>





Little Monsters, 2016 is the year in which #LG5 will be upon us.

Lady Gaga, who is fresh off her first Golden Globe win for Best Actress by an Actress in a Mini-Series or TV Movie for her role as The Countess in American Horror Story: Hotel, announced to reporters on the red carpet yesterday (Jan. 10) that her fifth studio album will in fact be coming out this year.
I am putting out an album this year. I won’t tell you when, but it is coming out this year.
Will it reflect my outer appearance?…That’s a difficult thing to say as I don’t know that you yet know what I will look like for my next album. I am still creating all those things. It is something that is a gradual change that is always with me.


Lady Gaga Guest Edits 'V Magazine' Issue 99: The Covers	








































16 Photos »


Gaga was most recently spotted leaving a recording studio with hitmaker hottie Mark Ronson in London back in November, gearing us all up for what’s surely going to be an incredible follow-up to her last pop album, ARTPOP (2013), and her fourth studio album Cheek to Cheek (2014), a jazz collaboration with the legendary Tony Bennett.
In between Gaga’s pop albums and breaks (Gaga’s liberating foray into jazz standards with Cheek to Cheek notwithstanding), Gaga got engaged to longtime love Taylor Kinney, made her acting debut on AHS: Hotel, stole the show at the 2015 Oscars with her Sound of Music medley, and started her Born This Way Foundation. Most recently, she guest-edited V magazine and made love on a canvas with Kinney for charity.
Alas, 2016 finally marks the year of her highly-anticipated return to pop with #LG5.


2016 Golden Globes: Lady Gaga and Taylor Kinney Pack on PDA	








































16 Photos »


As for how playing The Countess has affected her IRL, Gaga remarked:
What was nice about playing the Countess [was] it reminded me in my own life and music I am at times playing a character. Living inside of her is liberating because she doesn’t give a sh-t about anything. She’s lived too long, knows too much, to be bothered by a thing. I am a little bit different than that, but I will say that I think that confidence will stay with me.
Gaga beat out Felicity Huffman (American Crime), Kirsten Dunst (Fargo), Queen Latifah (Bessie) and Sarah Hay (Flesh and Bone) to take home the Golden Globe for Best Performance by an Actress in a Mini-Series or TV Movie.
Upon taking the stage to accept her award, a starstruck and happy Gaga explained, “I feel like Cher in that John Patrick Shanley film Moonstruck right now. This is one of the greatest moments of my life.”


Lady Gaga Leaves Late Night Recording Studio Session with Mark Ronson	








































29 Photos »


 

/n