Maksim DESPERATE To Make Shocking 'DWTS' Comeback, Ignoring Doctors Demands/n
Maksim Chmerkovskiy won’t be on the sidelines for long! RadarOnline.com has exclusive details on the Dancing With the Stars pro’s calf surgery and how he may go against doctors’ orders.
Chmerkovskiy, 37, underwent surgery for a calf injury he suffered during rehearsals last week.
“He’s supposed to be out three to four weeks,” a source exclusively told Radar. “He’s trying to go see the same person who worked on Sharna [Burgess]’s injury in New York City to speed it up.”
But the new dad may return to the ballroom sooner than recommended.
PHOTOS: ‘DWTS’ Feud Explodes Backstage! Why Nyle DiMarco Is A Target
“He might ignore doctors’ orders and perform,” the insider said. “But that remains to be seen.”
Heather Morris’ partner seems in good spirits despite the injury, as he captioned a photo of himself in a Ohio hospital, “Getting unbroken.”
His fiancée Peta Murgatroyd, who is competing with The Bachelor’s Nick Viall, stayed back in Los Angeles with their son three-month-old son Shai.
“Wishing Daddy a speedy recovery from La La Land,” Murgatroyd captioned a photo of their son. “We love you and can’t wait to get you back. Kisses from Shai XO.”
PHOTOS: Suicide, Divorce & Other Scandals! The Top 25 Secrets Of ‘DWTS’ Season 20 Stars REVEALED
As Radar exclusively reported, Morris, who has been performing with Alan Bersten during her partner’s absence, has been “complaining about Maks quitting and saying she thinks she is being sabotaged.”
The source added, “Heather said that she doesn’t think that Maks’s injury is as bad as he is saying, and that maybe Peta had something to do with him balling on her. Peta has a reputation on set for being Jealous, but Heather just seems focused on proving to everyone that she can win this competition.”
Although she claims Bersten “doesn’t push her at all,” they avoided elimination this week by scoring 30 out of 40.
When do you think Chmerkovskiy will return? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n