Sordid Affairs & Reckless Behavior! Inside New Prince Charles Biography/n
Prince Charles and Princess Diana were doomed from the start, according to Sally Bedell Smith‘s explosive new tell-all, Prince Charles: The Passions and Paradoxes of an Improbable Life.
The book claims Prince Charles cried the night before his wedding in 1981, with the couple sleeping in separate bedrooms by 1984.
“In 1980 — more than a decade after the sexual revolution had started — he was hemmed in by the royal custom of marrying a virgin, or at least a woman who seemed virginal,” Smith wrote. “He was forced, in effect, to rob the cradle. . .the 12-year gap between Charles and Diana was essentially unbridgeable.”
PHOTOS: Prince Harry’s Girlfriend Caught Getting Cozy With Her Bodyguard
As Radar readers know, Charles and Diana never had the perfect marriage. And both were notorious for their affairs.
Indeed there are STILL lingering questions about just who is the father of Prince Harry. Many believe Harry’s dad is really Diana’s former lover, riding instructor James Hewitt. Meanwhile, Charles carried on an affair for many years with now-wife Camilla Parker Bowles.
“They had no intellectual connections, few mutual friends, no interests in common and none of the shared life experiences he would have had with a contemporary,” the book continued. “Although Camilla had the same limited upper-class education, she was on Charles’ wavelength — absorbed as he was by hunting and other country pursuits, at home in the same social circle — in a way Diana could never be.”
PHOTOS: Prince Harry’s Girlfriend Goes Back To Work After Nude Photo Scandal
The book also claimed Princess Diana was so unhappy she threw herself down the stairs while she was three-months pregnant, and even slashed her wrists on other occasions.
Sources alleged Princess Di often taunted Charles, saying he “would never be King” and would “hit [him] over the head” when he prayed by the bed at night.
Prince Charles “dealt with Diana’s bewildering and often infuriating behaviour by placating her, trying to distract her and, ultimately, out of frustration, abandoning her,” the book asserted.
The royal couple announced their separation in 1992, announcing their divorce four years later in 1996. One year after that, Princess Diana died in a high-speed car crash in Paris with her lover Dodi Fayed.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n