'Rebellious' First Daughter Malia Obama Vanishes For 3 Months — Was She In Rehab?/n
First Daughter Malia Obama vanished from the public eye for three months— sparking buzz she was shipped off to rehab!
In a bombshell exclusive, a source told RadarOnline.com, “Malia’s been caught up in a lot of scandal, and now she’s been MIA at a lot of family events. People are wondering if she went to rehab or if she’s just hiding out.”
“She’s been an embarrassment to Barack and Michelle, so it’s no wonder they want her out of the picture,” added the source.
As Radar previously reported, the 18-year-old’s mysterious absence follows a summer-long spree that included twerking with a convicted felon, smoking a “funny-looking cigarette” and hitting a rave that was raided by cops.
PHOTOS: Malia Obama STRIPS DOWN To Tiny Crop Top At Lollapalooza
On Nov. 23, Malia was MIA as her parents and sister, 15-year-old Sasha, served dinner to veterans at the Armed Forces Retirement Home on Thanksgiving Eve. Earlier that day, both teens were no-shows due to “a scheduling conflict” when their father conducted the annual turkey pardon ceremony.
Even President Obama felt the need to awkwardly excuse their absence by saying they “just couldn’t take my jokes anymore.”
What’s more, Malia skipped the Obamas’ final Christmas tree lighting ceremony on Dec. 1.
PHOTOS: Obama, Biden & Broadway! 7 Shocking Moments From The DNC’s 3rd Night
But she surfaced at the weekend, arriving in Hawaii with her family for Christmas. It was the first time she has been sighted in months.
Malia’s recent antics include attending a beer pong party that surfaced in a Snapchat on Sept. 12. On Sept. 4, she was photographed at a college frat house with a giant marijuana bong on the table in front of her.
She was also snapped at the Lollapalooza music festival in Chicago on July 31, twerking with a pal who is a convicted felon and smoking a cigarette that looked suspiciously like pot.
In yet another incident, Malia’s Secret Service detail dragged her out of a house party on hoity-toity Martha’s Vineyard — just before local police swooped in for a raid!
PHOTOS: Malia Gone Wild! 10 Reasons Obama’s Daughter Is D.C.’s Newest Party Girl
“The Obamas didn’t raise their daughter to behave like this,” spilled the insider.
“Malia is at that rebellious stage, and doing the opposite of what her parents tell her.”
The troublesome teen — who’s in a “gap year” before enrolling at Harvard in 2017 — has added to her parents’ ongoing marital woes.
“Michelle blamed Barack for Malia’s wild behavior and pot-smoking, and said their daughter obviously got it from him,” said a source.
The Obamas are hashing out a deal to end their 24-year marriage as soon as they leave the White House — but the president is determined to go out with dignity.
“Barack has managed to avoid a major scandal, but Malia is doing a fine job making messes on her own,” said the insider.
“Keeping Malia out of the public eye is wise if he wants to keep his family from being dragged in the mud before he steps down. It’s always good to take precautions.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n