Hamilton Dominates 2016 Tony Awards With 11 Wins The came, they sang, they conquered.  We're speaking of the cast of Hamilton, which after breaking the record for the most Tony Award nominations in history, left the Beacon Theater Sunda.../n
The came, they sang, they conquered. We're speaking of the cast of Hamilton, which after breaking the record for the most Tony Award nominations in history, left the Beacon Theater Sunday night with 11 statues in tow. While they didn't shatter the record for most Tony Awards ever won as some expected, the ceremony was still dominated by the sold-out musical. "I stand on this stage tonight and in this theater surrounded by dreamers," producer Jeffrey Seller said while accepting the Best Musical award. "Look around. How lucky we are to be alive right now."

The record is currently held by The Producers, which won 12 Tony Awards in 2001. While the show and Billy Elliot had each garnered 15 nominations a piece, they were both recently outranked by Lin-Manuel Miranda's Broadway creation, which was nominated for 16 this year, including Best Book of a Musical, Best Original Score and Best Actor in a Musical for Miranda himself. The show's protagonist, playwright and composer previously took home his first Tony Award in 2008 for Best Original Score for In The Heights, the first of his shows to take over Broadway. He took home the same award Sunday night, along with co-star Leslie Odom, Jr., who was granted the statue for Leading Actor in a Musical. "Lin-Manuel, God bless you man. You've given us a new vision of what's possible. I thank God for your mission. I thank God for the calling of your life," Odom said during his acceptance speech before telling the cast, "You are limitless."



Theo Wargo/Getty Images for Tony Awards Productions

It seems nearly everyone, from young theater enthusiasts to President Barack Obama himself, have fallen in love with the sold-out show. Even Anna Wintour, Vogue's Editor-in-Chief, can't avoid joining this trend. "Very excited for Hamilton like the rest of the world," she said during the ceremony's red carpet pre-show. The Tony Awards were clearly in agreement. Congratulations to the cast and crew of this award-winning show!
/n