Neve Campbell and Drew Barrymore Share Memories from the Set of ‘Scream’ Twenty Years Later /n





                    Neve Campbell Files for Divorce
                







Is there some sort of Scream 4 curse that's plaguing the cast members' personal relationships?First Courteney Cox and David Arquette split up after six years of marriage

 MORE >>





Twenty years ago, Drew Barrymore took one of her smallest yet most iconic role as Casey Becker, Ghostface’s first victim in the unnerving opening minutes of Scream. Now, Barrymore and the film’s lead Never Campbell are opening up about making that first terrifying installment.

“The cast would hang out in the mornings because we would shoot all night,” Campbell told Entertainment Tonight. “We would get in cars and go back to our hotel and we would be covered in blood and there would be people going to work at 6 or 7 a.m. and they’d see me covered in corn syrup. The look on those peoples’ faces was always humorous.”


Rose McGowan at the Donna Karan Fashion Show








































7 Photos »


Campbell also shared that she and her co-stars would openly wonder if their little production would someday yield the ultimate accolade in the horror genre — a Halloween costume.
“We would close all the curtains and hang out and have a drink,” she said. “We were sitting in one of our bedrooms and we were like, ‘Could you imagine if this was good enough that there might be a Halloween costume?’ And we were like, ‘No, that couldn’t possibly happen!’ And now it’s 20 years later and I still see the Halloween costume every year in all the shops. It’s pretty amazing.”
Barrymore recalled being shaken up simply by reading the script, which had her dying to be in the film.


Courteney Cox Outside The Palms Restaurant








































7 Photos »


“It was so well-written that it was ours to mess up,” Barrymore told The Huffington Post. “I remember reading it at home at night alone, and I was so upset. I was so flipped out. I can’t believe there wasn’t a cover letter that said, ‘Don’t read this alone if you’re a girl.’ I was like, ‘Seriously, this is irresponsible.’ I was terrified. I was so messed up, but I thought, ‘God, if it’s that good in the writing, can you imagine how good it will be when it comes to life?’ In a movie where I knew there was going to be a lot of tongue-in-cheek, I wanted it to seem very real and high-stakes.”
Besides the sought-after script, working with Wes Craven, who was already an icon for Nightmare on Elm Street, was another reason many of the cast’s young actors signed up.
“He was a really wonderful man,” Campbell said of the now-deceased director. “He had a fantastic sense of humor…You’d be shooting these horrific scenes and you would just hear him giggling after he said, ‘Cut.’ It was a little bit twisted but wonderful.”


Drew Barrymore Covers Marie Claire's February Issue


































5 Photos »


/n