John Stamos' Letter To His Late Mother Before Mother's Day Will Make You WEEP!/n

Grab all the tissues you have handy! You WILL tear up!
John Stamos has written the most heartbreaking tribute to his late mother, Loretta, ahead of Mother's Day. It will make you weep!
Related: John Rips His Pants Onstage & Recovers Perfectly
He wrote: 

"My Dear, Sweet Mom,
Shortly after you died, I found something you wrote. I was sitting at your famous kitchen table, the same table where all the family therapy sessions would happen, and I was wondering how I could possibly get through one single day without you. I honestly felt I could not go on.
That's when you chose to take this moment to tell me:"

He continued:

"You meant for me to find that note when I did, and now I'm ready to write you back.
Your whole life was completely unselfish. Those sparkling hazel eyes were always looking for the good in people. We'd go to a restaurant, and you'd start talking to the waitress or waiter. 'Oh, you're so pretty … you're such a smart young man,' this and that. Everyone who spent time with you walked away feeling better about themselves. Especially me, Alaina and Janeen. We used to joke with you about it — call you overbearing or just say, 'Stop, please, Mom, c'mon!' But now I find myself doing it too — being over-complimentary, lovey, gushy, accentuating the good in people.
You called your house the Castle of Comfort for me. If I was working really hard or stressed out, I knew I could drive down there on a Saturday morning, spend the weekend and gain my strength back for the week. You poured a lifetime of love into me, and that's what I'll remember best too. Two and a half years later, that love still gets me through every single day."
Our hearts!
The 53-year-old ended the letter with:

"Maybe someday I'll have a kid or two, and maybe they'll have red hair like yours (although like you used to say, yours came from a bottle). Maybe they'll say, 'I love you more' like you always said. But mostly I hope they have your humility and unselfishness and your ability to bring sunshine to anyone who had the pleasure of meeting you.
Oh, and I'll promise you this, no matter how busy I am or how crazy life gets, I will always take the time write them lots of little notes they way you did for me.
I miss you madly, mother — until we meet again. And we will!"
John also shared a beautiful photo (below) of him and his mother when he was still a baby. His mom was so gorgeous! And look at that cute little swoop in John's hair! Aww!

Are you crying? Yep, so are we.
[Image via WENN & Good Housekeeping.]
/n