 Mob Wives’ Big Ang Has To Quit Going Under The Knife, ‘Enough Is Enough’ Says Plastic.../n
By Debbie Emery – Radar Reporter
Now that she has her own reality show spin-off premiering on VH1 this summer, Mob Wives star Angela “Big Ang” Raiola will want to look her very best, but hopefully that won’t mean going under the knife yet again, as RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal that a plastic surgery expert is concerned she has already gone too far.
“Big Ang looks like she’s had a ton of plastic surgery! Her lips look overinflated, likely from injections of fillers,” celebrity plastic surgeon, Dr. Anthony Youn, who has not treated the star, said in an exclusive interview with RadarOnline.com. 
EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: Mob Wives’ Big Ang Before & After All The Plastic Surgery
“In contrast, her nose appears to have been whittled down by more than one rhinoplasty. Her cheeks are also overly-plumped up, possibly from fat grafting injections.”
As RadarOnline.com previously exclusively revealed, 52-year-old Big Ang has talked openly about her obsession with plastic surgery, saying that she loves to change her look and she’s already had more than six surgeries — and still wants more. 
The niece of Salvatore “Sally Dogs” Lombardi, a deceased captain of the Genovese crime family, attributes her obsession with plastic surgery to insecurities about her body after her first child was born.
PHOTOS:   Reality TV’s Top Families
Along with two sets of breast implants, Ang has also had her lips done and confessed to a long wish list including her eyes, a facelift and lipo on her love handles, but Dr. Youn said she needs to stop now before she goes too far.  
PHOTOS: Top 10 Bikini Clad Reality Stars
“I commend her for coming clean with her plastic surgery, but at some point enough is enough. I recommend that she let some of her work settle down a bit before going back for more,” he told Radar.
 
RELATED STORIES:
Mob Wives Meltdown! Renee Graziano’s Dramatic Breakdown Caught On CameraMob Wives Chicago To Premiere This Spring; New Cast, Same DramaMob Wives Star ‘Big Ang’ Obsessed With Plastic Surgery
Newest Member Of Mob Wives Ramona Rizzo Is Already Slamming Her Co-Stars /n