Meet Billy Joel's Daughter Della Rose Joel! See the Adorable Pic of His Newborn Billy Joel and wife Alexis Joel want you to meet someone! The musician and his wife have debuted their newborn daughter, Della Rose Joel, and she's abs.../n
Billy Joel and wife Alexis Joel want you to meet someone!The musician and his wife have debuted their newborn daughter, Della Rose Joel, and she's absolutely precious! Bella Rose has a full head of dark brown hair, bright eyes and is giving the camera probably one of her first of many smiles. These two absolutely made one gorgeous baby.Della Rose, their first child together, was born Wednesday weighing 7 lbs, 6.5 oz., the musician's rep confirmed to E! News. The meaning behind their daughter's name is unknown. But the couple, who has been together since 2009, are excited to start their lives with their new bundle of joy.In late July, Billy called his wife's pregnancy "pretty wild," telling Newsday, "I've still got the mojo. I'm excited!" The "Piano Man" singer added that he planned to "spend a lot of time" with his second child (he also shares daughter Alexa Ray Joel with ex-wife Christie Brinkley).

"I'm probably going to be able to spend more time with this kid than most people are able to spend with their children," he said, "because I don't have a regular job. I could be a stay-at-home dad for as long as I can stay alive."Now that he isn't traveling as much for his musical career, Joel added that he's looking forward to being given a second chance with Della Rose. "I would like to have been around more because I was on the road for years and years when she was a little girl," he said. "And After Christie and I split up, she was in Colorado, so I missed out on some of her childhood, which I would like to have been there for. But now I have a chance to do it better."Although they have been together since 2009, Billy, 66, and his wife, 33, tied the knot July 4 in a surprise ceremony on their Long Island, NY, estate.Congratulations again to the happy couple on their new addition!In other baby news, find out what Keira Knightley named her baby girl!
/n