Twitter Crowns Wendy Williams 'The New Stacey Dash' Over Her Response To Jesse Williams' Speech Drama! Watch!/n

Uh oh.
Wendy Williams tried to put her two cents into the controversy surrounding Jesse Williams' powerful speech at the BET Awards.
But the daytime talk show host's response was faced with controversy in itself over comments she made about historically black colleges and the NAACP!
Video: Police Fatally Shoot Man During Traffic Stop
During Wednesday's Wendy Williams Show, the 51-year-old spoke out on the Grey's Anatomy star's moving speech after receiving the Humanitarian Award for his documentary on the Black Lives Matter movement.
She told the audience: 

"His speech was very poignant, on one hand. On the other hand, you know, I would be really offended if there was a school that was known as an historically white college. We have historically black colleges. What if it was the National Organization for White People only? There's the NAACP."
Um… what?
Even if Wendy was trying to play devil's advocate, most viewers pointed out that she came across more like an internet troll who had no idea what the hell she was talking about!
Related: Celebrities React To Alton Sterling's Shooting
Critics fled to Twitter to call out the host, many noting that while some schools are HBCUs (historically black colleges or universities) most universities are in fact PWIs (predominately white institutions).
One Twitic even said Wendy's ignorant rant puts her in the ranks of Stacey Dash — which is the ultimate insult, as we all know she's the lowest of the media bottom-feeders.
What do YOU think about Wendy's response? Ch-ch-check out the clip (at the 16:00 mark) to hear her full rant — and see the best Twitter responses (below)!


Wendy Williams needs to keep a shoe in her mouth as much as she sticks her foot in there. Her comments got me like pic.twitter.com/Ja5lASm5KS
— Veronica Cruz (@verocruz) July 6, 2016


Does Wendy Williams not realize that if a school is not an HBCU it is a PWI? 🙃🙃 Some one take her mic pic.twitter.com/dnlYC1fp18
— Mika C (@btwnfrosnfeet) July 6, 2016


Wendy Williams, your comments abt Jesse Williams HBCUs & NAACP are embarrassing. Please think before you speak or… pic.twitter.com/kIqR1nBY78
— Tee Party Angel (@teepartyangel) July 6, 2016


They wanted to petition to get Jessie Williams fired. How about we snatch Wendy Williams off tv cause I've had it with her.
— Ky Ky (@thekyladione) July 7, 2016


She misrepresenting Jerz 😩 RT @CleverlyChloe: When Wendy Williams asked what the "C" in NAACP stood for. pic.twitter.com/UZWCI9dVIx
— Sophisticated Savage (@damurry) July 6, 2016


PWIs ARE historically white colleges… Wendy Williams has joined the ranks of Stacey Dash. pic.twitter.com/7EGrrmmJ8L
— elle (@spokenELLE) July 6, 2016


wendy williams really said she would be offended if there was historical white colleges pic.twitter.com/Q4HLCZftMf
— thenyquilmagician (@tHtBITKaShareus) July 6, 2016


Wendy Williams is having flashbacks to that Aaliyah movie she produced right now. Sitting at home like pic.twitter.com/b7mVaS30gg
— ε₫ω¡η (@EdwinJArocho) July 6, 2016
[Image via 20th Television.]
/n