Team Teresa! New Real Housewife Is A Giudice Pal!/n
By Alexis Tereszcuk – Radar Entertainment Editor
Teresa Giudice doesn’t have very many friends left on The Real Housewives of New Jersey, but that is all about to change with the addition of a new housewife who definitely is Team Teresa!
The most-outspoken, and highest paid, Jersey housewife is notorious for her fights with Melissa Gorga, Jacqueline Laurita and Caroline Manzo, but with the newest woman joining the fray for season five it looks like she’s finally got someone on her side.
PHOTOS: Real Housewives Show Off Their Hot Bikini Bodies!
Jennifer Dalton is reportedly joining the show as a full time housewife and she’s been friends with Teresa for a while, All Things Real Housewives exclusively reported.
“Jennifer has been filming non-stop with Teresa, Kim D, and Elvira The Party Planner,” the site reports.
PHOTOS: Hollywood’s 10 Biggest Feuds
“Jennifer is a real estate agent at Sotheby’s and is married to a prominent, and very wealthy, New Jersey real estate developer and is reportedly a friend of both Teresa and Dina Manzo. She attended Teresa’s Fabellini launch party last season, and she already has a good relationship with Bravo and has appeared on Pregnant in Heels.”
Teresa needs all the help she can get! The reunion show was a disaster for Teresa, where she was attacked by all of the women on the show and basically has been without friends including her own relatives for the last few seasons.
PHOTOS: Reality TV’s Hottest Stars
Get ready for more drama as The Real Housewives of New Jersey returns to Bravo with bigger and badder fights all lead by everyone’s favorite housewife Teresa Giudice and her new pal!
 
RELATED STORIES:
PHOTOS: Take A Peek Inside Teresa Giudice’s Jersey Shore Home
Teresa Giudice’s Emotional Breakdown: I Need Help, Everyone Is Against Me & Ganging Up On Me
It’s Teresa Giudice Vs. The World On Explosive Real Housewives of New Jersey Reunion!
Meow! The Real Housewives of New Jersey Get Catty In Explosive Reunion /n