O.J. Simpson's Brain Damaged Victim Bruce Fromong Forgives Him/n
Bruce Fromong, the brain damaged victim of O.J. Simpson‘s robbery, has forgiven the disgraced former football star, according to the Sunday Mirror.
And incredibly, Fromong has said he wants to pick Simpson, 70, up from prison when the Juice is paroled in October!
Fromong was one of the memorabilia dealers Simpson victimized when the ex-athlete was allegedly trying to get back his sports items with some other men’s help. Fromong was ambushed by the group because Simpson wanted his things back.
PHOTOS: Twisted Love: O.J. Simpson’s Ex Is A Homeless Meth-Head Hooker!
Simpson was ultimately convicted of armed robbery and kidnapping due to the 2008 incident.
Fromong has had a series of heart attacks after the robbery, and yet, as TV viewers saw on Thursday, he supported Simpson’s parole, which was granted then.
The memorabilia collector has told the Sunday Mirror how he reconciled with Simpson, his pal of more than 20 years.
He said, “I could have died that night. They only needed to pull the trigger and I would have been dead. Just two days after the robbery, I had a severe heart attack. It was one of four I’d endure. I flatlined twice.
PHOTOS: O.J.’s (NSFW) Trail Of Destruction: Simpson ‘Meth’ Addicted Ex In Sex Tape Bombshell
“I had three on the Monday alone after the robbery on a Thursday night.
“The second time they hooked me up to machines for two-and-a-half hours. I received some brain damage and it has been very difficult ever since.
“A lot of people don’t realize how this has affected me. It nearly killed me. I used to be a millionaire and now I’ve faced bankruptcy,” he said.
While fighting for his life, Fromong said he couldn’t do business and lost everything, including his house in Oregon.
PHOTOS: Case Closed? Knife Found At O.J. Simpson’s ‘House Of Horrors’
He told the Mirror, “Despite it all, I still forgive OJ. Some people think I’m crazy, but it is the way I have been brought up.”
Fromong had collected oodles of Simpson memorabilia with friend Mike Gilbert that the star sought to snatch.
He said Simpson had apologized to him for the robbery during his trial, “He said ‘Hey, wanna talk?’ He said sorry. We actually ended up shaking hands despite me giving evidence against him the day before.”
PHOTOS: Cuba Gooding Channels O.J. Simpson On ‘American Crime Story’ Set In L.A. –– 10 New Shocking Shots From Filming
Fromong has vowed to pick up Simpson from prison when he’s sprung in October but the former football player hasn’t said if he wants a lift.
But one thing is for sure, Fromong has no more hard feelings against Simpson and is determined to “move on” with his pal.
Meanwhile, as Radar has reported, another of the memorabilia dealers, Tom Riccio, wants Simpson to star in a movie version of his book about the robbery case!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n