Are we hearing wedding bells for another member of the Duggar family?! We could be! E! News has confirmed that Josiah Duggar, 18, has begun courting Marjorie Jackson, 17. A courtship is an old-fashioned way of dating that has two people gett.../n
Are we hearing wedding bells for another member of the Duggar family?! We could be!E! News has confirmed that Josiah Duggar, 18, has begun courting Marjorie Jackson, 17. A courtship is an old-fashioned way of dating that has two people getting to know each other as they prepare for marriage. With chaperones present, the couple is free to hug but cannot kiss until their wedding day.The 19 Kids and Counting star met Marjorie while taking Spanish lessons from her mother, Analucia. They officially began dating on April 6, the same day that Derick Dillard and Jill Duggar welcomed their first child! Josiah told the magazine that everything has been smooth sailing so far."It's been going very well," Josiah said. "I met Marjorie a few years ago, when I was taking Spanish lessons at her house and I was very impressed with the way she was with her siblings and her love for the Lord."

Although he knew her for a little while before they embarked on a courtship, Josiah said that he really fell for her during a service trip to El Salvador in December. "She really caught my eye," he said. "That is really where I noticed her."Marjorie, on the other hand, took a liking to her suitor almost instantly after first meeting. She confessed to the mag, "I met him at Spanish class a few years back. For me it was an immediate thing, I have always admired him and his family."The Duggar family has a lot to be excited about, especially with the arrival of Derick and Jill's son Israel David Dillard. Michelle Duggar and Jim Bob Duggar couldn't contain their excitement at the birth of their newest grandchild, posting a video to Facebook gushing over their daughter's little bundle of joy.

"What a blessed time this is as we welcomed our new grandbaby little Israel into the world," Michelle said. "We are just so thankful for our friends and those out there who have been praying for our family. Thank you so much."But because their brood is constantly growing—Jill has said she wants multiple children—Jim Bob couldn't help but joke, "Four grandkids and counting...Going on 200."He might have the right idea! Before Jill even delivered baby Israel she was already talking about having more kids. "We're open to as many children as God will give us," Jill dished. "We believe children are a blessing from the Lord and a gift from him.""We've talked about adopting, too," Derrick chimed in. "My mom was adopted."People was the first to break the story.
/n