Man Arrested For Having Sex With A Donkey Claims It Was A Shape-Shifting Prostitute/n
By Radar Staff
A man in Zimbabwe who was charged with bestiality after being caught having sex with a donkey came up with a very interesting defense for his sick crime, RadarOnline.com has learned. 
After he was busted for violating the donkey in the early hours of Sunday morning, 28-year-old Sunday Moyo told the court that just hours earlier the animal was a human hooker that he picked up in a nightclub, reported Gawker.com. 
“Your worship, I only came to know that I was being intimate with a donkey when I got arrested,” Moyo of the Mandava township in Zvishavane told the members of the court on Monday, who then all broke down into hysterical laughter.
PHOTOS:   Celebs Who Have Done Jail Time
Moyo was caught red-handed in the middle of his hot tryst when police on a routine patrol spotted Moyo mounting the animal, which was tied by his neck to a tree and lying on the ground.
“I had hired a prostitute and paid US$20 for the service at Down Town night club and I don’t know how she then became a donkey,” he told Zvishavane magistrate Mildred Matuvi, reported the NewZimbabwe.com.
PHOTOS: Celebrity Mugshots
But not only did he get intimate with the long-eared animal, Moyo now claims he’s in love with his hot date!
“I think I am also a donkey. I do not know what happened when I left the bar, but I am seriously in love with (the) donkey,” said smitten Sunday, according to The Herald newspaper.
PHOTOS:  Sexy Stars Who Have Been Arrested 
There is no word from the donkey as to whether the feelings are reciprocated. 
Matuvi ordered that Moyo be remanded in custody until Thursday and be examined by two government psychiatrists.
RELATED STORIES:
Man Arrested For Allegedly Having ‘Inappropriate Relations’ With Neighbor’s Dog
Mother Charged With Rape Of 13-Year-Old Boy Arrested Again For Sending Love Note In A Burrito
Austin Powers Actor Jailed For Life For Brutal Gang Rape
Petit Murder Trial: Shocking Cellphone Photos Of Young Michaela Shown To Jury /n