Amy Schumer Responds to Backlash Over ‘Formation’ Parody Music Video/n





                    Amy Schumer and Goldie Hawn Star in Bizarre 'Formation' Parody Music Video
                







And Twitter is NOT pleased. 

 MORE >>





Amy Schumer is taking the high road.

After receiving tons of criticism when she released a “Formation” parody video featuring appearances by Goldie Hawn, Wanda Sykes, and Joan Cusack that inspired the trending topic #AmySchumerGottaGoParty, Schumer responded to critics. Instead of continuing the negativity, Schumer’s decided to use her platform to encourage other women and thank the people that helped her release the video: None other than Jay Z and Beyoncé.
In the caption of a picture of herself laying on a couch in just underwear, Schumer wrote, “You know you that bitch when you cause all this conversation. Thanks for the exclusive release Tidal!”



You know you that bitch when you cause all this conversation. Thanks for the exclusive release Tidal! We had so much fun making this tribute. All love and women inspiring each other. #strongertogether
A photo posted by @amyschumer on Oct 24, 2016 at 1:10pm PDT





	Amy Schumer and Ben Hanisch Make Red Carpet Debut at 'GQ' Men of the Year Celebration


































5 Photos »


While some of Schumer’s critics accused the star of appropriating the song that has such strong African American themes, it’s clear that the comedian’s had Beyoncé’s approval from the start. After releasing the video on Sunday (Oct. 23, 2016), Schumer shared a behind-the-scenes video on Instagram and thanked the couple for all of their help.



Behind the scenes with me and @officialgoldiehawn getting in formation. Announcing our movie title this week! Coming out Mother’s Day. Thank you Jay Z and Bey and everyone at tidal for all your help and releasing it! Directed by myself and @marcusrussellprice
A video posted by @amyschumer on Oct 22, 2016 at 1:08pm PDT





	Amy Schumer Visits 'Good Morning America'








































14 Photos »


/n