‘Gossip Girl’ Recap: The Waldorf Redemption/n





                    'Gossip Girl's' Ed Westwick
                







What's the actor's secret passion?

 MORE >>










                    'Gossip Girl' BFFs No More?
                







Frank Ocean provides the soundtrack for a debutante ball.

 MORE >>





 We’re on the back five episodes of The CW’s Gossip Girl’s final season and the stakes just got really high. Everything has gotten to a point of no return and every character despite any success, is now facing a major obstacle.
Note: Spoilers ahead if you haven’t watched Monday’s episode, “Save the Last Chance.”
Aptly titled, “Save The Last Chance,” this week marked Blair’s (Leighton Meester) final opportunity to prove herself as an asset to Waldorf Designs. Last week, I noted that I had faith in Blair’s ability to create a line based on her own golden era, high school. Fortunately, it was a wild success.
It’s not that Blair couldn’t weather a failure, but now that Chuck (Ed Westwick) failed to fulfill his side of their moronic pact, she might not have him. This is pretty much a load of crap. We all know that Chuck has the tendency to go dark and Blair always ends up saving him. It’s what they do and it’s why they should be together.
 

serena's many men








































9 Photos »



What would really make Chuck a man and a success would be to build his own empire and separate himself from his father’s poisonous ways. He has the resources, but seems determined to take down Bart more than anything. Perhaps it’s time for everyone’s favorite devious Uncle Jack to make his return?
Bart (Robert Burke) really is such an evil man, but I did laugh a little when he asked if Chuck had to leave to kill a spider for Blair. He’s such a d**k, but it was still comical. Chuck and Blair need to cut the bull if they don’t want their relationship to become a total parody. Some would argue that it already has. There are only THREE episodes left of Gossip Girl, let’s not waste them.
Now that Bart has sunk his poisonous talons into Nate (Chace Crawford), the dynamic duo of Charles and Nathaniel is in trouble. Why can’t Chuck just be Nate’s business partner? That should’ve been the solution from the beginning. At least our other favorite best friends seem to be on the right track.
 

inside 'gossip girl's' wrap party








































9 Photos »



Serena (Blake Lively) genuinely wanted to apologize to Blair. Blair owned up to the fact that she was wrong for dating Dan (Penn Badgley) and that if Serena had dated Chuck she would have scratched her eyes out. Well said, B. The two even reunited for a scheme, which they are a bit old for, but nonetheless is as necessary on the UES as breathing.
Then again, it seems the only people who are there for you in the end are the ones who couldn’t care less about the drama and backstabbing. Rufus (Matthew Settle) owed absolutely nothing to Lily (Kelly Rutherford) after the way she treated him, yet he still gave the microfilms back to her. I will really never understand why Lily went back to Bart. Aside from Rufus, Lily has been married to a who’s who of losers and jerks.
Could William Van Der Woodsen (Billy Baldwin) have seemed less interested in Ivy? At first I was wondering why the hell he was even in the scheme to begin with, then when he looked dismayed to find out Bart wasn’t leaving Lily I think I figured it out. He’s always wanted Lily back. Then again, I could be reading things completely wrong.
 

'gg's' most fashionable shoots








































6 Photos »



By far the biggest con artist on an episode full of chicanery was none other than Lonely Boy himself. While Dan’s reunion with Serena sometimes seemed too good to be true, these two have always had chemistry. I feel like even if it started off as something deceiving, Dan’s intentions could have changed. Maybe I just have far too much faith in these characters. Either way, is Dan really gonna play Serena like that? Doesn’t he have more than enough material for a “Serena” chapter? Or did he never write one at all because he still loved her? Only time will tell…
Buzz Moments
OMG: Lily torching the only evidence against Bart.
Thank You, TV gods.: Blair and Serena making amends. I needed these besties back together.
Awk-ward: William and Ivy. Can she not find a lover her own age?
Hotness: B by Waldorf Designs and Blair’s pop-up show McQueen tartan outfit.
Fabulous: The fact that there are the “five families” of the NYC private schools. Cracking up. Amazing.
Can. Not. Wait.: Gossip Girl and Blair Waldorf’s favorite holiday, Thanksgiving!
Celebuzz Meter (1-10): 7, good but ridiculous at times. Everyone was just a hot mess.
Every show has a signature holiday: The OC gave us Chrismukkah miracles, Pretty Little Liars always puts on the scariest Halloween show, but nobody does turkey day quite like the cast of Gossip Girl!
Don’t forget to tune in next week and let us know what you thought of “Save The Last Chance” in the comments!
- Leigh Raines
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n