 Was Farrah And Ryan's 'Love Story' Fake? 'Secret Boyfriend' Claims Fawcett Cheated On.../n
A multi-million dollar lawsuit between Ryan O’Neal and the University of Texas over a missing Andy Warhol portrait has plunged Farrah Fawcett’s legacy into chaos — a tawdry tell-all about a “secret” 11-year affair she allegedly had behind the back of her long-time lover.
Farrah’s high school sweetheart, Greg Lott, was questioned during a deposition regarding the painting on October 24 last year, RadarOnline.com has learned.
But in the course of the interrogation, he revealed much more — including the actress’ sex life, their secret love letters, international jaunts together behind-the-back of O’Neal and her often volatile relationship with the Oscar-nominated Love Story star.
PHOTOS: ‘Secret Boyfriend’ Claims Fawcett Cheated On Ryan O’Neal For 11 Years — See His Private Photo Collection
Most shockingly of all, Lott, a former University of Texas footballer who met Farrah in 1965, told lawyers that Farrah was his “girlfriend” until she died, according to a 273-page transcript of the deposition in Lubbock, Tex.
PHOTOS: Tatum, Ryan & Redmond O’Neal With Friends After Farrah Fawcett’s Memorial
The pair was in a “committed relationship… exclusive,” he said, until her untimely death of cancer on June 25, 2009, at age 62.
“For the record … this was a romantic relationship?” a lawyer probed Lott during the deposition, a transcript of which Radar has exclusively obtained.
“Yes,” responded Lott.
“A sexual relationship,” questioned the attorney.
PHOTOS: Farrah Fawcett Through The Years
“Yes,” responded Lott. “She saw no one else and I saw no one else but her.”
Lott’s stunning revelation has been an unforeseen side effect of O’Neal’s battle with the University of Texas.
The parties are sparring over ownership of an Andy Warhol portrait of Fawcett — one of two that Warhol made of the Charlie’s Angels star that were bequeathed to the institution of higher learning after her death.
RadarOnline.com has learned Lott is now expected to testify in support of the University when the case commences in the Los Angeles Superior Court in November.
PHOTOS: Ryan Spends Father-And-Son Time With Redmond
It’s a feud that is mired in controversy and is complete with allegations of fraud, theft, lies and infidelity — and now, sordid revelations about Fawcett’s life.
Radar has obtained a copy of Lott’s interrogation and can now tell the full story of the secret end-of-life 11-year affair — in his own words.
A twice-convicted felon, he described under oath and penalty of perjury how he was drawn to the tall blonde on campus at the University of Texas in 1965. They dated for two years, he said, until she left for the bright lights of Hollywood.
But Lott told lawyers that they reconnected decades later.
DOCUMENTS: Read Ryan O’Neal Deposition Confession About Cheating On Farrah
As proof of his claim, he provided six years of phone records and a stack of handwritten love notes which he purports to be from Fawcett.
“I think those letters speak for themselves,” Lott declared to lawyers.
One read, “My Darling Greg, to say that I miss you is the greatest understatement in the world. I already ache for you, but I don’t want [you] to cry for [me]. I want you to think of me smiling and laughing the way you make me when I’m around you. You are one of my greatest gifts. To find you and happiness again is something I will be forever grateful for. You are my north, my south, my east and my west… I love you forever and more. Farrah.”
When asked during the deposition what Fawcett meant by “happy new life”, Lott said: “Our happy new life together again.”
PHOTOS: Tatum, Ryan & Redmond O’Neal With Friends After Farrah Fawcett’s Memorial
“Is it your testimony that Ryan O’Neal was not in a relationship with Ms. Fawcett between 1997 and 2009?” one legal eagle quizzed.
“Yes, except for [their contact regarding] a dysfunctional son… He’s a drug addict,” said Lott, referring to Redmond O’Neal, who has since become sober.
Lott even claimed to recall a 1998 conversation with Fawcett when she asked if he wanted to date “exclusively.”
“I said, ‘No, I don’t want to see anyone else,'” Lott claims. “She said, ‘I don’t want to see anyone else.'”
PHOTOS: Andy Warhol’s Former New York City Townhouse For Sale
Lawyers asked if he ever discussed the notion of monogamy with her after that time, especially in light of her public appearances with O’Neal.
Lott insisted: “Didn’t have to.”
But questions about Lott’s credibility have long lingered.
O’Neal has dismissed him as “a disgruntled ex-boyfriend from the Sixties,” a claim hammered home by lawyers representing the Hollywood actor during the course of the deposition.
PHOTOS: Hollywood’s Dirtiest Divorces
“How do you explain that nearly every tabloid in America reported that Fawcett and O’Neal were a couple during the period ’01 to ’09,” Lott was asked.
“Because they had photos of them when she would pick up her son at the gym or drop him off at the gym or, you know, what have you,” Lott said. “My understanding is he [Ryan O’Neal] claims that he was with her for 30 years. That discounts my 11-year relationship with her.”
Asked if he thought O’Neal was a liar, Lott said. “In that regard, yes.”
A lawyer pressed him on why the pair, if they were romantic, did not socialize publicly or even go out to eat at restaurants.
PHOTOS: Celebs Who Have Been In Rehab
“[We] went to the movies,” he claimed. “Half a dozen, maybe. [It was] hard to go out with Elvis… [Farrah was] the most famous person in the world.”
“We (Farrah and I) didn’t want our relationship to be public for several reasons,” Lott further explained.
“One was her child and the rest of it was because I didn’t want to be Mr. Fawcett in the media. We were famous together in college. We did not want to go through that again.”
Further pressed by lawyers as to who could corroborate his story, Lott said Fawcett’s “personal assistants, her maids, her servants” could all validate their relationship. He named Mike Pingel, Colette Weintraub, Gail Chatfield, Danica Cole, Benny and Pili Perez and Jojo O’Neal as those who could back up his story.
PHOTOS: Friends Lay Farrah To Rest
Besides, Lott testified, “Everybody in Texas knew we were a couple. We just did not parade around Hollywood because I don’t need to be photographed with her to have a relationship with her.”
In fact, Lott claims, the couple saw each other “several times a year.”
When asked how many days he would spend in Fawcett’s home when he would visit her between 1998 and 2009, Lott claimed, “Sometimes a week, sometimes six weeks.”
In particular, he remembered one romantic 10 to 14-day tryst in Los Angeles in the spring of 2006, when he claims the couple holed up in Fawcett’s condo. And he said she visited him in Texas ten times.
PHOTOS: First Photos of Farrah Fawcett’s Gravestone
He also recounted sharing a bed with Fawcett in New York City when she was rehearsing for Bobbi Boland on Broadway and taking romantic vacations with her to Mexico, Canada, and Idaho.
After Fawcett was diagnosed with cancer in 2006, however, Lott said all that came to an end.
He last saw her that year at her parents’ home in Houston.
Lott insisted that Fawcett had nothing to do with the split, but that O’Neal froze him out of Farrah’s life against her will.
PHOTOS: Celebs With Drinking Problems 
He claimed, “I wasn’t allowed to see her before she died or go to her funeral. In fact, I was barred… It’s terrible, it’s one of the worst things that’s ever happened to me.”
Lott would call her condo, he said, only to be told “I was not allowed to talk to her.” In fact, according to Lott, he was told that he arrived at Fawcett’s condo, he “would be arrested.”
He also claims Farrah’s last wishes were ignored.
She didn’t want a funeral, nor did she want to be buried. “She wanted to be cremated and once again her wishes weren’t fulfilled,” he testified.
PHOTOS: Celebrity Mugshots
Lawyers pressed him on whether it was possible that Fawcett, “as she lay dying in her condo, gave instructions to have no callers during the last few months of her life?”
“No,” said Lott. “Over 44 years of knowing her, if there was something that was very serious, I was only to hear it from her lips.”
He said the last time they spoke was on April 8 when she was in Saint John’s Hospital.
Lott testified, “She told me on April the 8th that she would call me when she got home the next day, which was Friday.”
PHOTOS: Celebs Who Died Young
But Lott claims she never did and when he attempted to call her directly, he told lawyers, “all her machines were full and you couldn’t leave a message.”
What troubled Lott, he said, was that Fawcett “never allowed her message machines to get full because she had an addicted son.”
On June 25, 2009, Fawcett finally lost her battle with cancer and passed away.
In the wake of her death, Lott shot to prominence through a series of media interviews — a move, he told lawyers, that he regretted in hindsight.
PHOTOS: Celebs Stand Up To Cancer
“I was pretty upset that it was titled, ‘Secret Lover,’ he said, referring to an interview with the British newspaper, The Mail On Sunday.
“It was not a secret,” he insisted. “It’s demeaning. It wasn’t any secret. Everybody in Texas knows it.”
Lott said he came forward because he wanted the “truth to be told…. That I was her lover and boyfriend.”
But despite his version of events, questions linger and lawyers for O’Neal are set to press him on his criminal past. He was convicted and jailed in 1972 for conspiracy to transport marijuana and again, in 1982, for conspiracy to sell cocaine.
PHOTOS: Ryan O’Neal Copes At Beach Home
During that period, Lott admitted during the deposition, he was “young and stupid … naive … Pretty young, pretty stupid. Paid a heavy price for it.”
But Lott’s criminal history and his claims of a relationship with Fawcett are only incidental to the real reason lawyers want to speak to him: to find out if O’Neal acquired the Warhol painting illegally.
When asked if he believed O’Neal stole the Warhol portrait, Lott said: “I think we are here to find out.”
Probed further on whether he had a personal opinion as to whether O’Neal “stole” the portrait, Lott said it was his “understanding from the 44 years that I knew Farrah, they were both hers. [It] ended up in his apartment after she died.”
He continued, “It’s just my understanding they were always hers.” /n