Thomas Jane Talks Guy-on-Guy Action, but Will He Have to Take It Back? Leave it to Thomas Jane to set our little gay hearts a flutter. And this time it has nothing to do with his raunchy show, Hung. We're of course talking about his ver.../n
Leave it to Thomas Jane to set our little gay hearts a flutter.And this time it has nothing to do with his raunchy show, Hung. We're of course talking about his very open and honest interview with the Los Angeles Times, where he hints at having fooled around with guys during his younger years as a starving actor.Gay bedroom stuff in Hollywood? Nothing new there. But will Jane stick to his guns on this one?

After we heard what Thomas had to say about spending time with both dudes and chicas in the past (sadly he's totally hetero now), we totally expected the inevitable back peddling. "It was a misquote!" or "It was taken out of context!" or whatever.But let's back peddle ourselves a bit and look at what Thomas actually said:"I wasn't averse to going down to Santa Monica Boulevard and letting a guy buy me a sandwich. Know what I mean?"He teased the Times.We do, Tommy. And if you don't, he clarifies:"You're a lot more open to experimentation as a young man. And for me, being a young artist and broke in Los Angeles, I was exploring my sexual identity," Thomas went on. "Until you've tasted the food, you don't know whether you'll like it or not, as my mom always said."Couldn't agree more, T.J.We wonder what Tom Hardy thinks of all this.Remember, some quotes surfaced about past guy-on-guy action and then Tom (and his peeps) backpedaled when they realized what a tizzy he'd caused. Well there's no gay fun in that!And why should it be such a sensitive topic?After all, it's hot for ladies to pull the lezzo card (we're talking to you Megan Fox and Anna Paquin) but a man admits to a little man-on-man action and everyone flips out!Let's face it, who the hell hasn't experimented. We say kudos for talking about it Thomas. And even bigger kudos for not taking it back later.
/n