Tuesday Ten: 10 Breast Cancer Awareness Products That Give to the Cause/n





                    Shannen Doherty Reveals She Has Breast Cancer
                







The actress just made a heartbreaking announcement.

 MORE >>










                    Rita Wilson Undergoes Double Mastectomy After Breast Cancer Diagnosis
                







Tom Hanks' wife shares some personal news.

 MORE >>





Think pink!

Aside from the start of Pumpkin Spice Latte season, October is also an important time in fall as it is Breast Cancer Awareness Month. Whether the disease has affected your life or not, now’s the time to get informed and help fight for the cure.
Beauty and fashion brands these days are also jumping in to lend a hand, creating products that give back and support BCA research. From nail polishes that donate its proceeds to charity to a bra designed specifically for women who have undergone mastectomy surgery, there are plenty of things out there that are worthy of the cause.
Here are 10 BCA goods that will have you looking and feeling great:

1. JustFab Lenny Clutch, $24.95. How chic is this? Not only will this little bag will not only take your outfit to the next level, but 100 percent of its net proceeds will benefit Susan G. Komen Orange County. Pink has never looked better!
2. Estée Lauder Resilience Lift Night Creme with BCA Bracelet, $86. The oh-so ethereal creature that is Eva Mendes swears by this beauty brand’s products and calls them her “life savers.” And what better way to potentially save more lives than by contributing to cancer research? For each purchase of Resilience Lift Night with its special edition BCA bracelet, the company will donate 20 percent of the cream’s suggested retail price to the Breast Cancer Research Foundation.
3. PopSugar Must Have Box, $39.95 per month. It’s the gift that keeps on giving! The monthly subscription box service is dedicating its October box to Breast Cancer Awareness Month and has made a donation to Right Action for Women. This month’s package is filled with full size goodies and essentials, including Mindy Kaling’s new book, Why Not Me?.
4. Stella McCartney Alina Bra, $110. In honor of her mother who passed away from breast cancer, Stella McCartney has created a line of pretty pink lingerie for breast cancer survivors and supporters. Modeled by Cara Delevingne, the range features a variety underwear and bras — including one created for women recovering from a mastectomy — of which a percentage of its proceeds will be donated to the Linda McCartney Centre in the UK and the National Breast Cancer Foundation in Australia.
5. Eos Lip Balm Duo, $6.59. Miley Cyrus can’t stop using these lip balms — and why should she? All the proceeds from this two-pack of the brand’s top-selling Strawberry Sorbet and limited edition Wildberry flavors will benefit breast cancer research at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center.


Celebrity Cancer Survivors








































20 Photos »


6. Guess Breast Cancer Awareness Watch, $100. You can officially wear your support on your sleeve! This year, the fashion label has created two limited edition watches in support of breast cancer awareness, donating 20 percent of all proceeds to the Get in Touch Foundation. It’s no wonder Gigi Hadid is a spokesperson for the brand!
7. Crabtree & Evelyn Nail Lacquer in Armed in Pink, $8. Made without camphor, dibutyl phthalates, formaldehyde or toluene, this polish is great for your nails and benefits a variety of charities. Five percent of its US sales will go to the National Breast Cancer Foundation, while five percent of its Canadian sales will be donated to the Breast Cancer Society of Canada.
8. Oribe Dry Texturizing Hair Spray, $42. One of Khloé Kardashian’s favorite hair products of all time, this volume-building spray now has a limited edition version in partnership with the National Breast Cancer Foundation. The brand has also made a donation to the organization.
9. Sonia Kashuk Proudly Pink Brush Set, $15.99. A breast cancer survivor herself, beauty entrepreneur Sonia Kashuk has created a brush set exclusively for Target to raise money in support of the fight against breast cancer. The big box retailer is donating 15 percent of the purchase price to the Breast Cancer Research Foundation.
10. Lokai Pink Bracelet, $18. As seen on the likes of Kylie Jenner, this rose-colored bracelet will add a pop of color to wardrobe as well as benefit Susan G. Komen. According to the company, they will donate $1 for each bracelet sold with a minimum contribution of $250,000 to the foundation.

/n