WATCH: IKEA Will Collaborate with One of Justin Bieber and Kanye West's Favorite Fashion Designers on New Furniture Line
/n

 
From the runway to the flat pack box: IKEA will team up with high-end streetwear label Off-White for a new furniture collection.
The Swedish mega-retailer and clothing brand’s designer Virgil Abloh plan to create a collection of “inspiring design” items aimed at young people outfitting their first home, the brand announced during their annual Democratic Design Days event in Almhult, Sweden, this week. A hand-picked group of students will help create the furniture, which will have a “provocative viewpoint,” IKEA stated in a press release.
RELATED: This Is the Best IKEA Product of All Time, According to the Company’s Head of Design
Abloh, an American-born designer who’s brand Off-White is based in Milan, has collaborated with Kanye West, while Justin Bieber, Kylie Jenner, Bella Hadid, Rihanna, Drake, and Beyonce and Jay Z have all worn his designs. He was on site at the Design Days and created a custom version of IKEA’s iconic blue Frakta bag for the event.
Kevin Mazur/Getty
“I believe we’re in a compilation/post Tumblr generation. You take a number of images that aren’t yours and compile them to make an expression about yourself. You might not own those beautiful things or have the budget to buy them, but you put them on your page and it reflects your taste,” Abloh says of his inspiration for the collaboration.
FROM COINAGE: From John Steinbeck’s Cottage to an Actual Castle: 5 Historical Homes You Can Rent

RELATED: IKEA’s Classic Blue Bags Are About to Look Very Different — See the New Design
The designer, who is also a music producer and architect, and has created a limited collection of furniture under the Off-White label, added, “My premise is to employ the ability to create these things in a place, with IKEA as the engine behind the thought process, so that young adults can live with design and art.”
The Virgil Abloh x IKEA collection will arrive in stores in 2019.
/n