Father Who Accidentally Killed Son Still Believes In Second Amendment – but Thinks Shooters Should Have Enhanced Training/n
On July 3, Clayton Brumby accidentally shot and killed his 14-year-old son Stephen at a shooting range in Sarasota, Florida.   
After the tragedy, Clayton and his wife Elizabeth, 50, who have always prioritized gun safety, haven’t discussed how they will handle gun safety with their children going forward, but Elizabeth tells PEOPLE it’s important to them now more than ever.  
Clayton was teaching his older kids about gun safety on the fateful day he lost his son, Clayton, 64, tells PEOPLE in an exclusive interview in this week’s issue.  
“We did the drills, we practiced, we wanted to make sure our kids knew the dangers of guns,” he says. “We practiced gun safety many times. It was a huge priority.”  
Because he knows the dangers of guns, he takes full responsibility for what happened.  
“It wasn’t the gun that killed my boy,” he says. “I killed my boy.”  
The day Stephen died, Clayton had taken three of his seven children to the range, where they took turns shooting Clayton’s .22 caliber semi-automatic pistol.  
After Clayton fired a round, a hot shell casing struck the wall, causing it deflect and fall back into his shirt. Quickly, he tried to get it out and his gun, which was inadvertently pointed behind his back, went off.  
He thought the bullet went straight up in the air until he heard his son David, 24, yell out, ‘Dad, Stephen’s been shot.’ Stephen was hit directly in the neck and later died at Sarasota Memorial Hospital.   
For more on the Brumby family’s tragedy, pick up this week’s issue of PEOPLE, on newsstands Friday.
Using the Tragedy to Prevent Another One
Although Clayton, his wife Elizabeth, and their six other children – David, Alexis, 23, Sam, 18, Christen, 12, Thomas, 11, and Jordan, 9 – are grieving their unimaginable loss, they’re also determined to find any good that could come from the tragedy.   
Stephen Brumby (light blue shirt) with his familyThe Brumby familyClayton, who still believes in owning a gun, has since talked to the local gun range about softening the wall where a bullet might ricochet.   
“I said to them ‘How about a heavy piece of cloth on the wall where the shell is going so instead of it landing on someone who has a loaded gun in their hand, it would instead just fall to the floor,'” he says. “Another family shouldn’t have to go through this.”  
The gun range gave him the assurance he wanted and told them they were already working on it.   
While gun owners go over safety drills, they don’t train for distractions like hot brass, he says.   
Clayton and Elizabeth Brumby mourn their son Stephen 14, who died when his father accidentally shot him at the shooting range.Julian Dufort“If one thing comes out of this – and many things will – we’ll make this part of the training for gun owners,” he says. “When we’re surprised, we don’t have time to think.”  
“My son is dead a consequence,” he says. “I should have put the gun down first.”  
But Clayton says that while he’d love to see that type of training in Sarasota, it’s already happening in other parts of the country.   
His older brother who lives in Georgia and owns a gun went through a “bump drill” during his training which consisted of getting bumped or surprised by something while holding a firearm.  
“I want to encourage trainers to spend time on a bump drill, so that when surprised, the one handling the gun will put it down immediately and automatically,” he says.  
He would call it the Stephen Bump Drill or Stephen’s Drill.   
“Why attach a persons name to it?,” he says. “To put a human face on the practice and a cost – to give it some focus and weight.”  
He adds: “Is that I want my son to be remembered for, that he was the victim of an accidental shooting? Not by any stretch; he is so much more than that. Do I want to be remembered as the dad who shot his son? No, I’m far more than that too. But if it will, in the least, help someone avoid the mistake I made and the tragedy to follow, I’ll carry that.”  
Elizabeth, who doesn’t blame her husband and says it was simply a “horrific accident,” is standing by his side as they both work to make sure another family doesn’t lose a loved one in a similar way.  
“We could not have been safer about what we did and it happened to us,” she says. “It’s horrific but we will get through this. We’re a team.”
/n