Your Weekend 6 Picks: What Corinne Olympios Remembers About ‘Bachelor in Paradise’, J-Rod Do Paris/n





                    'Bachelor in Paradise' Star Corinne Olympios Didn't Consent to DeMario Jackson's Explicit Activities
                







Details on their sexual encounter.

 MORE >>










                    Corinne Olympios Says She's a Victim
                







"This is my worst nightmare."

 MORE >>





More details have surfaced in the scandal that shut down production of Bachelor in Paradise.

A source tells E! News Corinne Olympios “doesn’t remember much of the events of the night” involving co-star DeMario Jackson because “she was blacked out for the majority of it.” Echoing previous allegations that Corinne was drunk and couldn’t give proper consent when she was engaged in sexual activities with DeMario, the insider claims the reality star last memory was “taking a shot of tequila.”
According to the publication, Corinne allegedly drank two cups of champagne, a dirty martini, and a shot or two of tequila before the incident. She was also said to have eaten very little in the Mexico heat, which may have contributed to her intoxication. Corinne was apparently so drunk she has no recollection of falling face first into a Jacuzzi or injuring her knee from tripping down a flight of stairs.
The source adds Corinne was never told by producers that she and DeMario got physical on set. What she knows about the sexual encounter largely comes from secondhand accounts. The insider also say Corinne was not in the state of mind to give consent to DeMario.
As for the producer who filed the complaint that sparked Warner Bros. internal investigation, the outlet reports the crew member has since gone off the grid and deleted all social media accounts.
Last week, Corinne called herself a “victim” who suffered “physical and emotional trauma” from the tryst, saying in a statement, “I have little memory of that night, something bad obviously took place, which I understand is why production on the show has now been suspended and a producer on the show has filed a complaint against the production. As a woman, this is my worst nightmare and it has now become my reality.”

Read more about this story and catch up on other celebrity news headlines from the weekend, including:

Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez Are Loved Up in Paris
Josh Peck Marries Longtime Girlfriend Paige O’Brien!
Kaley Cuoco Debuts Silver Hair
Drew Barrymore Is Dating David Hutchinson
Gwen Stefani Celebrates Blake Shelton’s Birthday with a Kiss



Top Celebrity News Stories—June 19, 2017








































6 Photos »


/n