Justin Bieber's Fans Are Livid After The Singer Threatened To Make His Instagram Account Private — Get Caught Up On ALL The Drama!/n

It's not a good day to be a Belieber!
Justin Bieber's fans are up in arms — and the singer himself is none too pleased, either — after a tense exchange on Instagram last night that ended with the star threatening to make his account private!
Related: Justin's Dad Makes More Creepy Comments About His Son's Peen
It all started after the Biebs got upset over the comments he was receiving on a series of selfies he shared with 17-year-old Sofia Richie, his friend (and yes, the daughter of Lionel Richie). 
As fans began to comment in droves about Richie, the pair's potential relationship statuses, and more, the Biebs lashed out and posted the following pic (and note the caption, below)!!! 




I'm gonna make my Instagram private if you guys don't stop the hate this is getting out of hand, if you guys are really fans you wouldn't be so mean to people that I likeA photo posted by Justin Bieber (@justinbieber) on Aug 13, 2016 at 10:34pm PDT


Whoa!!!
Obviously with this caption (below) the Biebs is NOT playing around:

"I'm gonna make my Instagram private if you guys don't stop the hate this is getting out of hand, if you guys are really fans you wouldn't be so mean to people that I like."

That sent fans on Twitter into a tizzy all day, with "#RIPBeliebers" trending all over the world, including some of the reactions (below):

I can't believe beliebers finally understood that their fave is rude af #RIPBeliebers pic.twitter.com/XWJWIitAKJ
— ㅤ (@ezpiniar) August 14, 2016

Yooo she dragged tf out of him #RIPBeliebers pic.twitter.com/Wui8ws1SpC
— zy (@sweetfonds) August 14, 2016


He don't talk anymore,
He don't hug anymore,
He don't love anymore,
Like he used to do.#RIPBeliebers pic.twitter.com/qSTZeDMQb6
— X (@Justmojiarmy) August 14, 2016


When you're watching drama go down in a fandom that you are not even a part of. #RIPBeliebers pic.twitter.com/V5uxdlqJYp
— Nicole Magixx. (@cliffordsmofos) August 14, 2016


Not even hating but how would making your Instagram private change anything when like half the world follows you 😳 #RIPBeliebers
— Riley Jacob (@damnitsriley) August 14, 2016
That last one though… preach!!
What do U think of the drama here, Perezcious readers?!
Let us know in the comments (below)!
[Image via Justin Bieber/Instagram.]
/n