Anatomy Reveal: Callie's Love Life Is Getting Steamy! Here's a little somethin' many of you Grey's fans will be shocked to hear: The number one most-asked-about coupling so far this season is not Meredith and Derek, Chris.../n
Here's a little somethin' many of you Grey's fans will be shocked to hear: The number one most-asked-about coupling so far this season is not Meredith and Derek, Christina and Owen, Alex and Izzie...or even the Chief and the hospital board. (Told ya. Shocking!)The most vocal fan faction submitting Q's to E! Online in the past two weeks is asking: Will Callie (Sara Ramirez) and Steamy (Eric Dane) ever get back together?We know they're now next-door neighbors and suffer from the same acute clothaphobia (fear of wearing clothing), so we checked in with Sara Ramirez herself, who tells us…

Not a chance. At least not for the time being."What we're going to see this season with Callie is a healthy relationship—wow!" Sara tells us of her current on-cam coupling with Arizona (Jessica Capshaw). "Yes, it's a drama and you've got to have conflict. That's what I love about it. Regardless of who's in the relationship, you're seeing those universal conflicts that happen in a relationship, whether it's heterosexual or homosexual or whatever it is. People issues. I think they're really going to try and solidify Callie and Arizona in this season."Sara attended the GLSEN (Gay, Lesbian and Straight Education Network) Respect Awards at the Beverly Hills Hotel on Friday night, which honored Grey's creator and executive producer Shonda Rhimes."It's vulnerable, what the writers are trying to write about and what the actors are trying to interpret," Sara says. "You're not always going to make everyone happy, but we're certainly trying, trying to work with integrity, trying to story-tell with integrity."As for how she would define Callie's sexuality, Sara says: "It falls into a gray area that people can't quite define and I think sometimes that's frustrating. We can't define you, we don't have a box to put it in, so bisexual is the only thing we can come up with. Right now, technically she's in a lesbian relationship, but Callie is open, she's exploring something that I'd call sexual fluidity. It's not about the gender, it's about the person—it's about the spirit of the person and the essence of the person and to me, it's quite unconventional."Hmmm…So in the words of Jim Carrey from Dumb and Dumber, she's "saying there's a chance!" down the road for Callie and Steamy."We'll see about later in the season…" Sara teases.In the meantime, though, it's all about Lexie (Chyler Leigh) and Steamy, and Callie and Arizona.There is some "really amazing Callie and Arizona stuff" in the next couple episodes, a Grey's mole hints. "They are steaming up in their own way. It's much more of a relationship than it was [with Steamy].
/n