Mom Of Jay Z's Alleged Love Child Slams Rapper In Shocking Video/n
As Jay Z‘s marriage to Beyonce continues to crumble, RadarOnline.com has learned he is facing new pressure from the woman who claims she gave birth to his love child years ago. In an exclusive video with Radar, Wanda Satterthwaite, the mother of his alleged son, Rymir, said she and her offspring aren’t dropping their paternity lawsuit against him any time soon!
The 46-year-old rap mogul’s ongoing paternity case is being reviewed by the Supreme Court over allegations that fraud and collusion
have allowed Jay Z to avoid taking a DNA test to prove, once and for all, whether or not he is the biological father of Rymir.
Nw, after nearly a decade of maintaining her silence, the alleged baby mama, Wanda, 40, spoke out exclusively to Radar.
PHOTOS: Legitimate Son? Jay Z & Alleged Love Child Are Almost ‘Identical,’ Doctor Says — 10 Pics Of Their ‘Similar’ Features
In the shocking video, Wanda said, “My name is Wanda Satterthwaite and I am the mother of Rymir Satterthwaite. Today is April 20, 2016 and I want the world to know that I support my son in his paternity suit with Shawn Corey Carter. I stand by my allegations regarding this man.” Wanda claims to have gotten pregnant when she was dating the rapper more than twenty years ago.
“Nothing has been done,” she blasted. “The Governor of Pennsylvania is reviewing information regarding allegations of fraud in Philadelphia regarding court orders where the parties names were changed and removed. My message to my son, Rymir, is that the battle is now yours! Don’t give up!”
Aside from an uncanny resemblance to the hubby of Beyonce and father to four-year-old Blue Ivy, Rymir also shares a talent for music and just finished recording his debut album.
PHOTOS: Baby Momma Drama! Whose Their Daddy? 22 Celebrity Paternity Battles
As Radar previously reported, Rymir — who has been under the care of guardian Lillie Collie since 2008, when Wanda’s health began to deteriorate — is scheduled to speak in front of Congress this month about the case.
According to a source close to Rymir, “He is not going to stop until Jay Z takes the DNA test!”
Watch the shocking video above!
Do you think that Jay Z should take the paternity test? Tell us your thoughts below. /n