Khloe Is Destroying My Son Lamar/n
Lamar Odom‘s desperate dad claimed wife Khloe Kardashian has taken over the troubled hoop star’s life by controlling his finances — and keeping him isolated from old friends and even his family!
Lamar, 36, who won two NBA championships with the Los Angeles Lakers, survived a near-fatal drug overdose last October inside a Nevada brothel.
“(Khloé) is answering his phone and checking his texts, too,” Lamar’s disabled dad, Joe Odom, told The National ENQUIRER.
“I can’t get through to him anymore!”
PHOTOS: Khloe Refusing To Divorce Lamar Over Money & Property
The 62-year-old Vietnam-era vet claimed the Keeping Up With the Kardashians star has taken over Lamar’s finances “even though he’s recovering,” and is terrified that by keeping pals and family from seeing him, Lamar will fall back into destructive drug habits.
“I am praying that doesn’t happen,” said Joe .
Kardashian, 31, took full control of Lamar’s life following his overdose, moving him into the house next door to her so she could keep a closer eye on him.
Joe, a former junkie, has also fallen victim to Kardashian’s control. She booted him and his wife, Cecilia, out of the $4,000-a-month Los Angeles home Lamar had been paying for the past decade.
PHOTOS: Lamar Update: Odom Transferred To LA Hospital For Rehab, Kris Jenner Returns Home From Vegas & More On NBA Star’s Recovery
Joe and Cecilia were forced to move back to Brooklyn, N.Y., where they now live in a cramped apartment and are barely surviving on his meager veteran’s pension.
“Khloe didn’t even have the guts to tell me herself that my rent wasn’t going to be paid anymore,” griped Joe. “We had just days to get out! I should be there for him in L.A., instead of thousands of miles away.”
Joe also claimed Kardashian has created obstacles around Lamar to keep away his closest pals, including former welterweight boxing champ Zab Judah.
“Zab and Lamar were real close,” said Joe. “He was helping him get back into condition and doing positive things. Lamar would have benefited from hearing his voice … holding his hand. But that wasn’t to be.”
PHOTOS: Kris Jenner & Khloe Kardashian At War Over Lamar’s Treatment
Though Joe is desperate to reconnect with Lamar, he’s grateful to be out of the spotlight that everyone in the Kardashian clan craves so desperately.
“All that drama is not for me,” he asserted. /n