Charting Brie Larson’s Ascent to Awards Season Darling/n





                    2016 BAFTAs: 'The Revenant' and Leonardo DiCaprio Win Big, Brie Larson Wins Another Best Actress Trophy
                







Is an Oscar in Leo's future?

 MORE >>





Brie Larson appears to be an overnight success, taking home a Golden Globe and a SAG Award, not to mention an Oscar nomination for her breathtaking performance as a woman held in captivity for seven years in the stirring film Room. But the actress’s climb to stardom began long ago.

Although Larson landed a number of promising television and films roles, including a bit part in 13 Going on 30 and a supporting role on Showtime’s United States of Tara, her first big break came with the 2012 comedy 21 Jump Street in which her character helped Morton Schmidt (Jonah Hill) and Greg Jenko (Channing Tatum) get their hands on a synthetic drug known as H.F.S. (Holy Fucking Shit).
Not long after, she landed a supporting role in the coming-of-age love story The Spectacular Now as Cassidy, girlfriend to Sutter Keely (Miles Teller).


Brie Larson Through the Years








































21 Photos »


Keely is a high school senior who has no plans for the future and has developed a penchant for partying and drinking. Believing he’ll never change, Cassidy breaks up with Sutter, setting in motion the film’s romance that blossoms between Sutter and wallflower Aimee Finicky (Shailene Woodley). Early on, the actress displayed a real knack for capturing the self-conscious, hormone-addled perspective of teens on the cusp of adulthood.
Larson’s next role proved just what the young actress is capable of. She was cast in the independent film Short Term 12. It was not only a leading role but a serious dramatic turn for the talented young thespian. Larson portrayed Grace, a young supervisor at a group home for troubled teenagers. Her performance garnered rave reviews and numerous awards for the quiet strength and willful determination she brought to the film.





Not long after, Larson appeared on the then-NBC show Community as Rachel, a love interest of Abed’s (Danny Pudi). The show helped Larson flex her comedic muscles, displayed a disarming, effortless dry wit.





Next, the actress tackled playing the love interest of Mark Wahlberg in The Gambler. Wahlberg portrayed Jim Bennett, a lit professor with a serious gambling addiction. She was cast as Amy Phillips a student of Bennett’s who shows real promise. Before long they become romantic and Amy could be forced to pay for Bennett’s gambling habit. As before, Larson’s dynamic ability is on full display, charming both Bennett and the audience.





Soon after, Larson was cast as Kim in the Amy Schumer’s runaway hit Trainwreck. Whereas Amy’s character is a cynical, alcoholic party girl, Kim is the voice of reason and the perfect sounding board for Amy’s numerous fears and insecurities.





Now Brie Larson is an It Girl in Hollywood, catching the eyes of top directors and producers and able to pick any project she wants. Soon the 26-year-old will be starring in a film adaptation of Jeannette Walls’ novel The Glass Castle, as well as a King Kong origin film.
But before all that, go check out Room, if you can, and tune in February 28th to see if the talented young actress has caught the eye of Oscar as well.


2016 Golden Globes: Brie Larson Glimmers in Gold








































8 Photos »


/n