The People V. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story Tackles That Infamous Glove Moment That Changed The Trial! Read Our Full Recap!/n

What's glove got to do with it?
That was the question on everyone's mind during Tuesday night's The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story when a pair of gloves changed everything in the calculated trial.
As the trial continued, viewers were able to see how professors at Harvard Law were using it to teach their classes — one professor even faxed a suggestion to lead defense attorney Johnnie Cochran (Courtney B. Vance) to bring up drug cartels and their typically brutal murders to the court.
Related: LAPD Finished Testing Knife Found On O.J. Simpson's Estate!
Jonnie took this cue and acted out having his throat sliced, giving the audience entertainment and a new conspiracy theory to eat up — that Nicole Brown and Ron Goldman could have been murdered because Faye Resnick (Connie Britton) owed a cartel money! 

While lead prosecutor Marcia Clark (Sarah Paulson) laughed at the "desperate flailing," Chris Darden (Sterling K. Brown) realized the jury was captivated by the defense's "exotic" stories.
But Johnny was soon the subject of his own exotic story when two of his former lovers appeared on a talk show, revealing how the "smoothest man in L.A." ran two households while he two-timed them both.
During this time, the prosecution traced Nicole's old credit cards that proved she had bought extra large Isotoner gloves that were found at the scene of the crime — and they were sure this would prove O.J. Simpson's (Cuba Gooding Jr.) involvement in her death!
To celebrate, Marcia agreed to drive to Oakland for a birthday party with Chris over the weekend to unwind. They enjoyed a nice trip, until an uncomfortable tension when Chris walked Marcia to her door and didn't make a move like he wanted to.

The defense was beginning to unravel, as Robert Shapiro (John Travolta) was stressed about starting more riots and upsetting the LAPD — urging Robert Kardashian (David Schwimmer) to join him in wearing a police solidarity pin.
When Kardashian refused, Shapiro threatened him saying that he was on camera removing a garment bag from O.J.'s property — and the jury might think there was a weapon in the bag Kardashian was trying to get rid of.
Related: Nathan Lane Dropped The N-Word On The People V. O.J. Simpson!
Kardashian ran home and opened the bag to find there was no weapon inside, but was still upset thinking about how his kids were being tormented at school because of their relationship to the case.
After their awkward, unromantic weekend, Chris tried to convince Marcia to entertain the jury by asking O.J. to put on the glove, which she brushed off. During a recess in the court, Shapiro approached the gloves and tried one on, telling the defense the gloves were too small.

Even though Marcia wouldn't allow it, Chris and the defense requested that O.J. try on the gloves.
Then, that moment we all saw, played out beat by beat — O.J. struggled to put on the gloves and announced to the jury they did not fit.
Back in his office, Chris replayed the tape of O.J. trying on the gloves, and called up Ron's family to apologize for what they had seen that day in court.
Are YOU watching The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story airing Tuesdays at 10 p.m. ET on FX?
[Image via FX.]
/n