Shop 100+ Pieces from Kylie Jenner's Closet (Including that Neon Chanel Shorts Suit She Wore Last Month)
/n
Kylie Jenner/Instagram
If you’ve been known to scroll through your Instagram feed, then stop, sigh and dream of wearing the daring, fashion-forward pieces Kylie Jenner models on her account, today’s your lucky day. The 19-year-old Kylie Cosmetics mogul dug out 100 designer pieces from her closet that we’ve seen her wear everywhere from red carpets to birthday parties and Instagram pics, and is giving her fashion-obsessed fans the chance to get to own them themselves.
Right now, the luxury e-retailer consignment shop TheRealReal just launched an exclusive sale featuring tons of Jenner’s envelope-pushing clothing and accessories – from an Opening Ceremony puffer jacket, Off-White c/o Virgil Abloh letterman jacket, Balmain high-top sneakers, MM6 faux-fur coat, Balmain bodycon dress, MaxMara cashmere coat, Gucci graffiti jeans, a leather Moschino moto and plenty more!
And even if you’re not the biggest fan of the youngest KarJenner sibling, anyone can admit snatching these high-end items at such a discount is a steal pretty hard to resist.
RELATED VIDEO: The Top 5 Reasons We’re Obsessed with Kylie Jenner

RELATED PHOTOS: UPDATED! Every Single Time Kylie Jenner Has Ever Changed Her Hair Color
If you’re considering making the splurge on one of Kylie’s pre-worn looks, prepare to shop fast. So far, almost half of the items are already sold or on hold, so get your shopping in quickly before it’s too late. And if you need a little guidance on what to buy, we rounded up some of her most recent wardrobe hits that we kinda can’t believe are already on sale.
 
The Dolls House Fringe-Trimmed Jumpsuit
Kylie Jenner/Instagram; TheRealReal.com
Kylie wore this plunging white jumpsuit this past January while vacationing in the tropics with Tyga, and caused a stir thanks to its uncanny resemblance to one Rihanna wore by another designer.
Buy It! The Dolls House Fringe-Trimmed Jumpsuit, $325; therealreal.com
Balmain Strapless Mini Dress
Kylie Jenner/Instagram; TheRealReal.com
Get the exact same classic LBD Kylie wore last summer for an Instagram photo in which she posed taking a bite out of an apple (because there’s no better reason to wear a designer dress!) (At least the apple is affordable if you’re hoping to recreate this photo).
Buy It! Balmain Strapless Mini Dress, $3,200; therealreal.com
Calvin Klein Collection Metallic Skirt Set
Kylie Jenner/Instagram; TheRealReal.com
Kylie also wore this strapless crop top-skirt combo for an Instagram shoot last summer, but was slightly overshadowed by that massive ring, which set off a frenzy of engagement speculation.
Buy It! Calvin Klein Collection Metallic Skirt Set, $495; therealreal.com
Bryan Hearns Mesh Long Sleeve Dress
Kylie Jenner/Instagram; TheRealReal.com
This shiny vinyl mini dress clearly held a special place in Kylie’s heart – she wore this piece in September to celebrate her BFF Jordyn Woods’ 19th birthday!
Buy It! Bryan Hearns Mesh Long Sleeve Dress, $525; therealreal.com
Chanel Quilted Short Set
Kylie Jenner/Instagram; TheRealReal.com
And for sheer timeliness, you can’t beat this neon yellow Chanel sweatsuit set Kylie posted herself wearing on Instagram just last month. This one’s already sold, but you can still sign up for the waitlist just in case it comes back!
Buy It! Chanel Quilted Short Set, $2,650; therealreal.com
Do you plan on shopping Kylie’s closet before everything sells out? Tell us your favorite piece in the comments below!
/n