10 Best Celebrity Super Bowl Ads/n





                    Beyonce's Setlist Revealed
                







What will Beyonce sing at Super Bowl 47?

 MORE >>










                    Super Bowl Weekend 
                







JT will perform in a special pre-game show.

 MORE >>










                    '12 Super Bowl Performers
                







Who will rock football's biggest game!

 MORE >>





 The players aren’t the only ones that go big or go home during the Super Bowl — advertisers bring it during the game as well, which is why it’s the one time of the year when we can’t wait for commercials to interrupt the main event.

To get you in the mood for Sunday’s crop of big-ticket spots, check out the products that your favorite celebs — like the Justins (Bieber and Timberlake), Brad, Britney, Beyonce, Betty, and more — have slung in some of our favorite Super Bowl commercials from years gone by (Pepsi really likes their stars!).
Michael J. Fox, Diet Pepsi (1987) The Family Ties star gets an unexpected visit from a new sexy neighbor seeking a Diet Pepsi — and he goes to great lengths to get it for her in this action-packed ad, while channeling a little Alex P. Keaton and a little Marty McFly.





Kevin Bacon, Visa (2002) In a parody of the game that bears his name, “Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon,” the actor proves his identity with a spoof of “six degrees” in an effort to buy a book without ID. He says to the clerk, “Okay, I was in a movie with an extra, Eunice, whose hairdresser, Wayne, attended Sunday school with Father O’Neill, who plays racquetball with Dr. Sanjay, who recently removed the appendix of Kim, who dumped you sophomore year. So you see, we’re practically brothers.”  Well played, Kev.





Britney Spears, Pepsi (2002) Britney dances and sings her way through the many decades of Pepsi’s history starting with the ’50s. In this big-budgeted, impressively-produced ad, the pop-princess shows her range by dressing and acting the part of each decade. She continued to demonstrate her range later that year when she starred in her first movie Crossroads.





Jessica Simpson, Pizza Hut (2004) In a reference to her infamous “is this chicken…or is this fish?” question she asked during her MTV reality show, Newlyweds: Nick &  Jessica, Simpson says to her sister Ashlee, “I know, buffalos don’t have wings,” in this commercial for Pizza Hut’s buffalo chicken pizza. Thus proving that she was  in on the joke, and has a sense of humor about herself.





Pink, Britney Spears, Beyonce & Enrique Iglesias, Pepsi (2004) The power-house pop-stars sing a badass version of Queen’s “We Will Rock You” in this larger-than-life gladiator-themed Pepsi ad. Getting the three singers together at the height of their careers was already a coup, but  seeing them take down Latin heartthrob Enrique Iglesias as an evil Roman emperor was epic indeed.





Brad Pitt, Heineken (2005) Brad Pitt artfully dodges the paparazzi for a six-pack of Heineken. There isn’t much to say about this commercial that it doesn’t say for itself. It’s Brad Pitt. In a commercial. He’s hot. But it also ran during a dramatic time in Brad Pitt’s personal life — near the release of Mr. and Mrs. Smith and weeks before he broke things off with Jennifer Aniston for Angelina Jolie.





Justin Timberlake, Pepsi (2008) It may not be totally clear what was going on in this commercial which shows JT being dragged throughout New York City, but it’s fun to watch anyway. Mostly because we get to see the Sexy star being helplessly and hilariously yanked around, and there’s the added bonus of a silly cameo by a Britney’d-out Andy Sandberg. Oh, and a week after this spot aired, Timberlake won two Grammys. Per usual, Justin rocks it.





Betty White, Snickers (2010) In undoubtedly the best installment of the “You’re Not You When You’re Hungry” Snickers campaign, Betty White throws the ‘tude (while also getting knocked) around the football field. It was just one of the many hysterical Betty White moments that followed her unforgettable performance in 2009’s The Proposal.





Justin Bieber and Ozzy Osbourne, Best Buy (2011) Sharon’s bossy, Ozzy’s clueless, and Bieber saves the day in this smart Best Buy ad. There’s nothing better than when seemingly-random celebrities are paired together, and it’s even better when they poke fun at themselves. “What the F*&%’s a Beiber?” We’re sure Ozzy wasn’t the first to ask that question.





Matthew Broderick, Honda (2012) It took them long enough to do a “remake” of Ferris Bueller’s Day Off. Do we care that it was in an ad for a car? Nope, just as long as we get to see Broderick (who will always be Ferris to us) running around L.A. while playing hooky from acting, singing, dancing, and frolicking on the beach, all the while making inside references to the original movie. Because sometimes you really do need to stop and look around a while, because life moves pretty fast, and you could miss it.





This year we’ll be wowed by Amy Poehler, Kaley Cuoco, Paul Rudd, and more, but you’ll have to wait until Monday to see a roundup of our favorite celeb spots from this year’s game.
 

Beyonce’s Rehearsal Photos from Super Bowl 47








































9 Photos »


So what did we miss? What are your favorite Super Bowl commercials of yesteryear? Sound off below!
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n