Celebs Get Paid How Much To Attend Fashion Week!?/n

And here we thought they just liked going to fashion shows.
Celebrities have been flocking to Paris, Milan and New York to attend Fashion Week shows, but they're not going just to go, they're getting PAID a lot of dough to sit front row!!!
Retailer and stylist, Cameron Silver shared the deets on how the "deals" work:
"They fly them out and put them up and offer a nice Paris or Milan holiday, unless they're contractually obliged to attend. Others pay them an appearance fee."
According to reports, Rihanna got a nice pay day of $97,500 to hit up Karl Lagerfeld's show back in 2010, but that's peanuts compared to the $800,000 paycheck Jessica Chastain is said to have received to attend Armani Prive's show last year.
Other celebs making bank include Beyonce, who pulls in $100,000, while Chloe Sevigny pockets $65,000, some $15,000 more than Kim Kardashian and Blake Lively's $50,000 paychecks.
While some stars gladly announce that they're getting lump sums to sit their fannies in the front row, starlets like Anne Hathaway and Cate Blanchett denied that they get any moola.
During NYC Fashion Week, celebs such as Amy Adams, Diane Kruger and Emma Stone attended Calvin Klein's show, but the only reason they were there was because they got some type of monies.
However, Paris is a whole other story.
Since Charlize Theron, Mila Kunis, Marion Cotillard and Natalie Portman are all faces for Christian Dior, they may attend all out of love, and since Salma Hayek's hubby, Francois-Henri Pinault runs the French multinational holding company, PPR, she's there just to enjoy the shows.
As for Chanel shows, Kirsten Dunst, Blanchett, Audrey Tautou and Lea Seydox, who simply love the brand, attend without pay.
The cool thing is that some luminaries such as Nicole Kidman and Angelina Jolie never receive front row deals, while others such as Allison Williams attend just to get publicity.
At the end of the day, fashion shows are meant to get business rolling in and getting big names to sit front row is going to be costly.
But in order to make the shows appealing, the designers' gotta do what they gotta do!!
Thoughts?!?
[Image via WENN.]
/n