WATCH: Caitlyn Jenner Confronts Jimmy Kimmel for Joking About Her Transition/n





                    Caitlyn Jenner Calls Rob Kardashian "Stupid" for Leaking Blac Chyna's Explicit Photos
                







Caitlyn Jenner isn't on Rob Kardashian's team when it comes to his online rant against Blac Chyna.

 MORE >>










                    Kim Kardashian Says Caitlyn Jenner "F**ked Everyone Over"
                







And Kris Jenner "100 percent" agrees!

 MORE >>





Caitlyn Jenner put Jimmy Kimmel in the hot seat when she appeared on his late night talk show this week.

During her appearance on July 18, the Olympian opened up about her struggles with gender identity before calling out the comedian for making fun of her during a difficult time.
“When you deal with this issue, every story is a different story. Every journey is a different story. I am not a spokesperson for the trans community,” she said. “I’m only really a spokesperson for my journey and then take my platform, which I have, and see if I can make a difference in the world.”
“Why has gender and my identity been an issue in my life since I was this big?” she continued. “And I just go to the point where fortunately I had raised ten wonderful children. Kris [Jenner] and I, we had gone our separate ways — not because of gender issues, but because of other things. And there I was back in Malibu all by myself, and so I slowly went through, told all my children, because it had been just hammered all over the media for the longest time.”
Jenner added, referencing Kimmel, “In fact, guys like you, making some jokes…”





According to the host, he was poked fun of the situation at the time because he thought the 67-year-old I Am Cait star was superficial for getting a face lift. He admitted he stopped when he found out Caitlyn was actually trying to transition into a woman.
“Right, but we didn’t know what was happening,” he said. “We thought you were just vain … We didn’t know what was going on. I’m sorry about that, by the way.”
“No, it’s quite alright,” she responded. “I accept your apology. I don’t know if you saw when I was on Jimmy Fallon, I gave him a real hard time.”
In 2013, Jenner — then still know as Bruce Jenner — confronted Fallon about the jokes made at his expense during the 2012 Olympic  Games. The retired athlete reportedly asked Fallon to “stop saying sh*t about my face.”





 
/n