Celebuzz’d 035: Charlie Heaton, Molly Sims, and Busy Philipps on the Hotline/n





                    Celebuzz'd 034: Gail Simmons' Advice on Making Scrambled Eggs
                







Your mind is about to be blown

 MORE >>





Remember that scene in Mean Girls where Cady, Regina, Karen, and Gretchen were all on a four-way call, only separated by dividing lines in the screen?

That’s how this episode of Celebuzz’d went down with our very special guests Charlie Heaton, Molly Sims, and Busy Philipps. First, Heaton — who you may know better as Jonathan Byers from Stranger Things — fills us in on Shut In, his latest thriller with Naomi Watts and Jacob Tremblay that hits theaters on Nov. 11, 2016. The breakout star tells us about his experience working with powerful leading ladies, how portraying a paralyzed character in Shut In exercised his acting abilities, and how he has to peel himself out of his American accent because, spoiler alert, Heaton is from England!
“I find myself caught and not being able to come out of it and I’m like, woah! Charlie, remember that you’re British! Remember!”
Then, Sims shares her best advice on maintaining good health, gorgeous hair, skin, and nails with Nature’s Bounty® Optimal Solutions® Hair, Skin & Nails Gummies. The blogger and author, whose YouTube page now offers lifestyle advice based on her own experiences, explains exactly how she came up with this hack for pregnant women who need a little temporary wiggle room in their jeans:



SAG Awards: Behind the Scenes With Busy Philipps








































9 Photos »


Last, but certainly not least, DIY expert Philipps talks to us about her thrilling partnership with Michaels in her Michaels Makers video series where she will battle other celebrities, including the Bella Twins, the Madden Brothers, and Snoop Dogg, in crafting competitions. She also shares the knowledge that she picked up from a DIY fail and how this gorgeous cake came about.

Subscribe to Celebuzz’d on iTunes, Stitcher, and SoundCloud to get new episodes of our podcast as soon as they come available. Follow us on Twitter at @CelebuzzPod.
/n