O.J.-Obsessed! Kris Was A Simpson 'Groupie,' His Former Manager Claims/n
Kris Jenner has said O.J. Simpson was like a “big brother,” but according to the man who knew him best, she was nothing more than a “groupie!” The Juice’s former agent, Mike Gilbert, revealed the truth about their relationship in a bombshell interview with RadarOnline.com.
Robert Kardashian‘s then-wife has claimed that Nicole Brown Simpson was one of her best friends, and she is a central character in the FX miniseries The People V. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story. But according to Gilbert, the show is “so fricking inaccurate.”
Gilbert, who repped the NFL star before his arrest for the murders, took issue with the scene where Simpson is in boxers and dress shoes while running with a gun. “That never happened,” he insisted.
PHOTOS: TV Show Of The Century? It’s Selma Blair As Kris Jenner, David Schwimmer As Robert Kardashian & More On Set For ‘American Crime Story: The People V. OJ Simpson’
In addition, Jenner’s prominence in the show and her claims of insider knowledge about Brown Simpson are massive exaggerations, Gilbert told Radar.
“The Kardashian angle is absurd. Usually when someone dies you know who their best friends were,” he said about the Kardashian matriarch.
“How many days did Kris go to the trial? She was barely at the trial,” Gilbert recalled.
PHOTOS: John Travolta On ‘American Crime Story’ Set Amid ‘Fake’ Marriage Rumors & Scientology Scandals
“She was a groupie. She only went when there was celebrity testimony. She went when Furman testified. She went when O.J. tried on the gloves. It was a happening and people wanted to be there.”
The 1996 trial that ended in an acquittal for the murders of Nicole Brown Simpson and Ron Goldman is being rehashed on the docudrama, but Gilbert said the portrayals are false.
“It is really glorifying Robert [Kardashian],” he said, insisting, “There were no heroes in this trial.”
PHOTOS: Cuba Gooding Channels O.J. Simpson On ‘American Crime Story’ Set In L.A. –– 10 New Shocking Shots From Filming
Gilbert claimed, “‘Bobby’ took O.J.’s suit to him in the holding cell every day. That’s it. He came every day and even O.J. said ‘Why is he coming every day? I guess it is something for him to do.'”
Gilbert also reiterated his bombshell claim from his book How I Helped O.J. Get Away with Murder: The Shocking Inside Story of Violence, Loyalty, Regret and Remorse.
“O.J. told me he did it.” /n