Scarlett Johansson and Romain Dauriac Are Fighting for Custody of Their Daughter/n





                    Scarlett Johansson and Romain Dauriac Split After Two Years of Marriage
                







Love is dead.

 MORE >>










                    Scarlett Johansson Thinks It's Unnatural to Be Monogamous
                







Maybe she's just not meant for marriage.

 MORE >>





Scarlett Johansson is said to be gearing up for a nasty custody battle after filing for divorce from estranged husband Romain Dauriac.

The Ghost in a Shell star submitted documents to the Manhattan Supreme Court on Tuesday (March 7, 2017), explaining that her marriage with the French journalist is “irretrievably broken.” In the divorce filing, Johansson asked the judge to award her primary custody of their 3-year-old daughter, Rose Dorothy Dauriac.
Dauriac’s attorney Harold Mayerson told Page Six that his client plans to fight and “move to France with his daughter” as Johansson travels a lot for work.
“It will be an interesting process,” he added.


10 Things You Need to Know About Scarlett Johansson








































10 Photos »


In a statement to E! News, Johansson vowed to “never, ever” speak about her divorce, saying, “As a devoted mother and private person and with complete awareness that my daughter will one day be old enough to read the news about herself, I would only like to say that I will never, ever be commenting on the dissolution of my marriage. Out of respect for my desires as a parent and out of respect for all working moms, it is with kindness that I ask other parties involved and the media to do the same. Thank you.”
News of the split first surfaced in January just two years after the couple wed in a secret ceremony. At the time, it was reported that the parents were no longer romantically involved, though they continued to be co-parents to their daughter and business partners as owners of Yummy Pop.
Previously, Johansson was married to Ryan Reynolds from 2008 to 2010.


Scarlett Johansson's Dating History








































10 Photos »


/n