 Royal Family Scandal! California Woman Claims She's Princess Diana's Long-Lost Aunt —.../n
The British royal family is being rocked by yet another shocking revelation, as a California woman has come forth claiming to be Princess Diana‘s long-lost aunt!
“I think it’s sad that they want to dismiss my claims,” Ann Ukrainetz says in the latest issue of The National ENQUIRER, on newsstands now.
Ukrainetz, 71, is reigniting her 18-year campaign to be recognized as the illegitimate daughter of the late Lord Maurice Fermoy, who is Princess Diana’s grandfather.
The ENQUIRER claims that Ukrainetz has “provided extensive evidence” to prove that she is another love child, and that her birth to Fermoy was covered up by the Royal Family.
PHOTOS: Cheating, Toe-Sucking & More! 14 Racy Secrets & Scandals Of The Royal Family
The self-described great aunt to Princes William and Harry, who is now a Sunday School teacher in San Diego, Calif., says that the royal family “just wants to brush it under the carpet so that they don’t have to deal with it.”
The secret scandal began in 1966 when Ukrainetz’s mother, actress Evelyn Rudderforth, left behind a confession that said Ann had grown up with a father who wasn’t her actual parent, the magazine claims.
According to The ENQUIRER, “a handwritten note in one of her mother’s old songbooks revealed that Ann’s real father was Lord Fermoy, who died in 1955 .”
“Charles was not your biological father. I fell in love with Lord Fermoy and we had you as a result. He was married and I was just a commoner,” the message allegedly read.
PHOTOS: Other Women: The 9 Most Infamous Celebrity Mistresses Revealed!
Ukrainetz tells The ENQUIRER that she was “shocked by the revelations and did not even know who Lord Fermoy was.” However, she could not ask the man who raised her as her father, because he died in 1966.
“I wish my mom had told me about it when she was alive. She may have felt as if she had betrayed herself and didn’t want me to think badly of her, so she kept it to herself,” says Ukrainetz, who is a mother to three and grandmother of seven.
Today, she believes that her mother met Lord Fermoy through his wife, Lady Ruth, who was a patron of the King’s Lynn Players – a theater group that included Ann’s mother, The National ENQUIRER says.
In a surprising twist, Princess Diana’s mother, Frances Shand Kydd, who would have been Ukrainetz’s half-sister, seems to be supporting her story from beyond the grave.
PHOTOS: Royal Weddings Through The Years
In 2004, less than a year after releasing her biography, Frances: The Remarkable Story Of Princess Diana’s Mother, she revealed to the biographers, “Evelyn Rudderforth was paid in cash and packed off to a foreign country, on the understanding that she and the child would be provided for in return for her discretion,” The ENQUIRER claims.
The Royal family and Lord Fermoy’s descendants refuse to meet with Ukrainetz, or provide DNA evidence to prove her case, says The ENQURER, on newsstands now.
“It’s a sad situation,” Ukrainetz adds. “They just want to draw the blinds and pretend that nothing happened.” /n