Risky Business? An Actor’s Memoir Claims Tom Cruise and Rebecca De Mornay Got Romantic While Making an '80s Classic
/n
It’s the movie that made Tom Cruise an overnight superstar. And now, a new book claims the actor made quite an impression on his costar Rebecca De Mornay while making Risky Business in 1983. 
In a newly published excerpt in The Hollywood Reporter from an upcoming memoir by Revenge of the Nerds star Curtis Armstrong, the actor chronicles his time spent on the set of the hit ’80s film Risky Business with Cruise — and spills some steamy off-screen secrets.
In his book Revenge of the Nerd, Armstrong, who appeared alongside the two stars in the film, claims that a then-19-year-old Cruise had an on-set fling with his 23-year-old costar Rebecca De Mornay.
“It’s no secret that Tom engaged in an intense affair during the shooting with De Mornay,” Armstrong writes. He claims that while Cruise and De Mornay were involved with each other, the actress was also seeing actor Harry Dean Stanton, who would supposedly visit the set often.
“I suspect that most of Harry Dean’s great qualities were lost on Tom, who, I think, was beginning to regard him as a guest overstaying his welcome,” Armstrong writes.

But a relationship — albeit a discreet one — with De Mornay didn’t stop Cruise from seeing other people, Armstrong claims. He writes that the young actor regularly had a line of women outside his hotel room.
“Returning late one night, I found three or four young girls — late teens, I suspect — lined up in the hall outside of Tom’s room,” he writes.
“They just stared at me, and at that moment, Tom’s door opened and another girl came out, adjusting her hair and taking off down the hall, while the first girl in line slipped into Tom’s room,” Armstrong continues. “This was a young man who knew something about time management and understood how to successfully juggle Bible study and b— jobs.”
FROM PEN: Lea Thompson on ‘Back to The Future’, ‘Red Dawn’ and Her Infamous ‘Howard The Duck’ Love Scene

Armstrong says that when Cruise wasn’t on set or with his various dates, the actor spent his time hanging out with friend Sean Penn, who was in town shooting Bad Boys.
According to the memoir, a typically clean and tidy Cruise would let loose when Penn was around. Cruise’s room, Armstrong claims, would be littered with clothes on the floor, along with a “heady scent” that smelled like “dirty laundry, cigarette smoke, alcohol and young white male.”
Neither De Mornay or Cruise have commented on his account. 
Armstrong’s book Revenge of the Nerd hits stores July 11.
/n