2012 Grammy Awards: The Best, Worst & Wackiest Dressed Stars/n
By Leah Ornstein – Radar Style & Beauty Editor
Music’s biggest acts were dressed to rock and shock at the 54th Annual Grammy Awards on Sunday night in Los Angeles, hitting the red carpet in the best, worst & wackiest designer duds – and RadarOnline.com has all the wardrobe winners and sinners in a special photo feature.
 PHOTOS: The Best, Worst & Wackiest Fashions At The 2012 Grammy Awards
 Looks like Katy Perry has the blues – but in the best way possible! The stunning songbird,  who is in the process of amicably divorcing her husband of a little over  a year, decided to leave the shock factor and home and glammed up in a  sky blue Elie Saab Spring 2012 Couture gown, which complimented her  bright blue hair!
 Other best dressed babes of the night included Rihanna, who  looked incredibly sexy in a very revealing Giorgio Armani gown, which  she paired with Neil Lane bling and Christian Louboutin heels, and Taylor Swift, who rocked a tres mature, back baring, Zuhair Murad Couture gown, also with Neil Lane bling.  The Duchess really outdid herself this time – and not in a good way! Fergie,  who is always a wild card on the red carpet, was impossible to miss in a  bright orange lace Jean Paul Gaultier gown that exposed her black  lingerie to the max!
 Kelly Rowland and Cyndi Lauper also succumbed to the Worst  Dressed list, with Kelly destroying her perfectly glam Alberta Ferretti  embroidered gown with too-large Lorraine Schwartz chandelier earrings  and bad hair, and Lauper proving that Time After Time, she fails to  learn the importance of a good stylist!
PHOTOS: Stars Arrive At The 2012 Grammy Awards
M.I.A., who?  Nicki Minaj definitely topped her Super Bowl Halftime Show buddy with shock value!  The sassy rapper really went out of her way to stir up controversy  showing up on the arm of a man dressed like the Pope, looking like  Little Red Riding Hoodrat in a Versace Couture red robe.
An armed and dangerous singer, who we have never heard of, also got our attention. Sasha Gradiva,  known professionally as SASHA, accessorized a pink princess gown with  an arm full of weapons. Cyborg chic?  More like cyborg freak.  Not too  mention, entirely inappropriate.
For all the rest of the best, worst & wackiest dressed stars of the 2012 Grammy Awards, click here.
RELATED STORIES:
Chris Brown & Rihanna Secret Hook-Ups Won’t Lead To Getting Back Together
Rihanna Continues Living The High Life In Hawaii
Rihanna Doesn’t Object To Chris Brown Attending Grammys
PHOTOS: Take A Peek At The 2012 Grammy Nominee’s Palatial Homes /n