Blac Chyna Tries Jacking Rob Kardashian’s Car!/nSources claimed that Chyna and her team of lawyers, including Lisa Bloom, went to Rob’s lawyer's office and spent hours inside negotiating a custody agreement, however, nothing was resolved.Without being able to come to an agreement, Rob allegedly called for someone to have his car pulled up to the valet stand, but only after Chyna left. However, according to a witness, Rob’s car arrived at the valet stand before he did, and a visibly agitated Chyna jumped into the reality star’s Range Rover preparing to hightail it away from the office.  But, before she could drive off, her lawyers reportedly told her “That’s not a good idea,” and she then proceeded to get out of his car.Chyna’s lawyer told a different story though.According to Lisa, Chyna had some “choice words” when she saw Rob’s Range Rover, but that was it. She insists Chyna never hopped inside and was only “agitated” when she saw the car as she was the one who gifted the vehicle to Rob.Her frustration may stem from the fact that Rob kept Chyna’s gifted Range Rover after their split while she returned the cars he had given her.Chyna was granted a restraining order against Rob, back in June, after he blasted her online, by sharing explicit naked photos of her to his Instagram followers. Rob even accused Chyna of cheating on him and using drugs.What do you think about Chyna and Rob’s latest custody drama? Sound off in the comments! Sources claimed that Chyna and her team of lawyers, including Lisa Bloom, went to Rob’s lawyer's office and spent hours inside negotiating a custody agreement, however, nothing was resolved.Without being able to come to an agreement, Rob allegedly called for someone to have his car pulled up to the valet stand, but only after Chyna left. However, according to a witness, Rob’s car arrived at the valet stand before he did, and a visibly agitated Chyna jumped into the reality star’s Range Rover preparing to hightail it away from the office.  But, before she could drive off, her lawyers reportedly told her “That’s not a good idea,” and she then proceeded to get out of his car.Chyna’s lawyer told a different story though.According to Lisa, Chyna had some “choice words” when she saw Rob’s Range Rover, but that was it. She insists Chyna never hopped inside and was only “agitated” when she saw the car as she was the one who gifted the vehicle to Rob.Her frustration may stem from the fact that Rob kept Chyna’s gifted Range Rover after their split while she returned the cars he had given her.Chyna was granted a restraining order against Rob, back in June, after he blasted her online, by sharing explicit naked photos of her to his Instagram followers. Rob even accused Chyna of cheating on him and using drugs.What do you think about Chyna and Rob’s latest custody drama? Sound off in the comments! /n