Ronda Rousey’s Fiancé Is A Felon! MMA Star's Secret Assault Conviction Revealed/n
Ronda Rousey’s fiancé Travis Browne doesn’t just get violent in the octagon: RadarOnline.com has learned that the MMA star was previously convicted of a felony after punching a man in the face so hard that he broke his jaw in three places!
Browne, 34, was found guilty of felony assault stemming from the fight he had with a man during a pick-up basketball game at Stagecoach Park in Carlsbad, California on March 17, 2002.
According to documents obtained by Radar, after a “verbal altercation,” between Browne and Christopher Barnard, “Defendant then approached Barnard and pushed him to the ground while exclaiming ‘Shut up and just play ball!’”
“Other players on the basketball court separated” the two of them, court documents state, “after Barnard had been pushed to the ground.”
But Browne “pushed through those attempting to prevent a physical fight and punched Barnard in the face with a closed fist,” before he “then walked away from the scene.”
PHOTOS: Booked And Beautiful! Bikini Babes Who Have Been Arrested
Browne was just 19 when he assaulted the man, in 2002, and according to the documents Barnard suffered extensive injuries.
“Barnard was hospitalized for three days following the attack,” the documents state. “The injuries he suffered were severe: his jaw was broken in three places, surgery was required to treat the fractures, and his jaw was wired shut for four weeks. According to probation reports, the medical expenses required to address Barnard’s injuries exceeded $18,000, most of which was covered by the State Victim Compensation program.”
The violent charges, investigated by the police for weeks before they were able to identify Browne and arrest him, we filed as “assault by means likely to produce great bodily injury, with the allegation of personally inflicting great bodily injury,” the documents obtained by Radar stated.
Rousey’s fiance, now #10 in the official UFC Heavyweight rankings, pleaded guilty to the felony in 2003 and was sentenced to three years of felony probation. He also was ordered to complete community service.
In 2015, Browne petitioned the court to lower the conviction from a felony to a misdemeanor.
Prosecutors fought back, arguing that thecrime was especially brutal.
PHOTOS: Arrests, Knife Attacks & Dealing Drugs: Inside Amy Schumer’s Dark, Painful Past
“This offense warrants nothing less than a felony conviction,” they argued in documents obtained by Radar.
“Because of Defendant’s lack of self-control, Barnard was brutally attacked over a senseless basketball game,” the documents state. “[Browne] was 6’7″ tall, weighed about 220 pounds, and was of a muscular and athletic build. He not only shoved Bernard to the ground, but he pushed through the other players who were attempting to intervene and prevent a physical fight. As Bernard picked himself up off the floor, [Browne] push through the other members of the basketball court and delivered a violent blow that shattered Bernard’s jaw in three separate places. Bernard could not to speak, eat or drink normally for four agonizing weeks.”
Prosecutors insisted, “The circumstances and injuries involved can hardly be described as misdemeanor conduct. In order to maintain justice for the victim the people request the court to deny this reduction of the serious and violent felony offense to a misdemeanor.”
Browne brought out the big guns in his case, writing an emotional letter to the court as well as having his mother, his new father in law and a UFC exec begging for his mercy.
PHOTOS: Steamy Affairs, Shocking Arrests & More! The Richie Family’s Top 10 Secrets & Scandals EXPOSED
“Being a dedicated father has opened my eyes to understanding why it is important to being a positive role model,” Browne wrote in a letter to the court dated March 12, 2015. “I have been excluded from any activities that any father would love to be a part of. I filled out an application to be a leader for my child’s Cub Scout program and was denied because of this felony conviction.”
He continued, “For example, I am unable to be a coach for my children’s sports teams and am unable to volunteer at their school as these all require background checks and this conviction keeps coming up.”
“I am now a public figure and believe it is my duty to be a positive role model for my peers and the younger generation as I not only have my close friends and family around me but also millions of fans that I influence by the way I act.”
On March 2, 2015 his new father-in-law, Rick Webb sent an email on Browne’s behalf, included in the documents obtained by Radar. (Rick’s daughter, Jenna Webb, and Browne got married on January 9, 2015. They split in 2016 amid allegations of domestic abuse, which his team denied.)
“Travis is a fit in this respect, being a devout Mormon, and a person who exhibits all the qualities one would want in a family addition,” the fighter’s father-in-law claimed. “Travis’ attitudes, values, beliefs and life goals are all evident.”
Webb continued, “He is standing tall as the father to his young sons. My daughter Jenna loves the boys and is learning the role of being a stepmom, and is delighting in the moment.”
PHOTOS: Betrayal! Nude Photos! Arrests & More: Teen Moms’ 20 Most Shocking Scandals
His father-in-law wrote, “I know that Travis has a black mark in his history that he is trying to move away from,” and he also said that his daughter was “safe,” with Browne.
“I never have to worry about my daughter because I know she is safe and well taken care of with Travis There are plenty of bad people in this world that the law needs to continue to deal with and keep in check. Travis Browne is not one of them. He needs to be free to build his life, raise his sons and enjoy the new life he’s building with Jenna.”
On April 24, 2015, Browne’s request for the felony to be reduced was granted by the court, according to the documents obtained by Radar.
Just a few months later, in July 2015, Jenna posted photos on her Instagram page showing bruises on her body that she claimed were from Browne hitting her in February 2015, before her father filed the letter with the court.
PHOTOS: Explosive Fights, Shocking Arrests And Girlfriends Back Home: Top 10 PHOTOS: ‘Bachelorette’ Secrets And Scandals Revealed!
She released a statement at the time saying, “I did what I felt in my heart that I had to do to deliver a message to other people that are being abused and other people that he may potentially abuse in the future. I do not plan on pressing charges. I’ve prayed for a long time that he would become a better person, and I will continue to pray for him in hopes that he can make changes and salvage a life for him and his boys.”
Browne’s camp issued their own statement, which read, “If Travis Browne, 6 foot 7 seven inches, 250 pounds, is going to abuse you, you are probably going to have to go to the hospital, but apparently there were no hospital visits.”
Story developing.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n