Kesha Releases Her First Solo Single After 4-Year Legal Battle with Dr. Luke/n





                    Dr. Luke Says Kesha Accused Him of Raping Another Recording Artist in Text Message to Lady Gaga
                







This lawsuit is getting messy.

 MORE >>










                    Kesha Cries While Talking About "Devastating" Dr. Luke Lawsuit
                







Simply heartbreaking. 

 MORE >>





Kesha fans, your prayers have been answered!

After a lengthy wait, the singer has dropped her first solo single since 2013. Titled “Praying,” the ballad is the first song Kesha has released alone since accusing her former collaborator Dr. Luke of sexual, physical, and emotional abuse. It comes just a year after “True Colors,” a collaboration with DJ Zedd.
“‘Praying,’ my first single in almost four years, comes out today. I have channeled my feelings of severe hopelessness and depression, I’ve overcome obstacles, and I have found strength in myself even when it felt out of reach,” she wrote in an essay for Lenny Letter.
“I’ve found what I had thought was an unobtainable place of peace,” she continued. “This song is about coming to feel empathy for someone else even if they hurt you or scare you. It’s a song about learning to be proud of the person you are even during low moments when you feel alone. It’s also about hoping everyone, even someone who hurt you, can heal.”





New track aside, Kesha’s new album, Rainbow, will arrive August 11 via RCA and Kemosabe — the label Dr. Luke left earlier this year amid his four-year legal battle with the songstress.
“In the past couple of years, I have grown into a strong, independent woman. I have realized through this long journey of ups and downs that if I’m lucky enough to have a voice that people listen to, then I should use it for good and for truth,” Kesha penned in Lena Dunham’s weekly newsletter. “I’ve battled intense anxiety and depression, a relentless eating disorder, and all the other basic bullshit that comes with being human. I know I’m not alone in that battle. Finding the strength to come forward about these things is not easy, but I want to help others who are going through tough times.”


kesha Performs with Zedd at Coachella








































6 Photos »


/n