EXCLUSIVE! Carey Mulligan Reflects on Modern Women's Rights After Birth of Daughter Evelyn/n
When it comes to motherhood, Carey Mulligan hasn't had a full moment to take it all in.The Suffragette actress gave birth to her first child, daughter Evelyn Mumford, in September with her husband of three years, Marcus Mumford of Mumford & Sons. The brand new parent has had such a busy year, filming two movies, a television series, and becoming a mother that she admits she's barely been able to catch her breath."I haven't had time to sort of reflect yet," the 30-year-old Academy Award nominee told E! News exclusively of her newest role in life.In celebration of her latest title as "mommy," Mulligan, who has starred non-stop in one major film after the next over the last few years, added that she does not have any upcoming projects on her agenda and will be taking some much-needed time off to be with her new baby."I think I will," Mulligan told E! News of a silver-screen break. "I mean, you know, I'll do something great if it comes along."

As the lead role of the upcoming film Sufragette, a period project depicting the British women's right to vote movement of the late 1800s, Mulligan is even more mindful of the political status of women throughout the world, especially now that she has a daughter of her own.  "[For] a large part of the world, it's still as bad as it was 100 years ago for many women," Mulligan said of women's modern status. According to the actress, schooling is to blame."I would say the biggest problem is education. I think there are 62 million girls denied an education today," the An Education actress told E! News. "That is the starting point for hope and having a life and for being empowered. If you have no education, you have no power."In addition to school access, Mulligan notes two other afflictions plaguing women worldwide. "We still have 1 in 3 women experiencing sexual violence and only 22 percent of our parliaments are made up of women, so the imbalance is still massive."While there is stark room for global improvement,  Mulligan acknowledges the pockets of progress. "We're definitely come a long way in the western world."
/n