White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer Looking For His Replacement/n
Sean Spicer is already on the hunt for his own replacement.
The White House press secretary will soon be taking on a new role in the Donald Trump administration and he’s bringing in new candidates, and RadarOnline.com has learned exclusively who’s in the running.
Former CNN correspondent and journalist Scottie Nell Hughes posted a photo on Instagram of Washington D.C.’s most famous address last Friday with the caption “#MAGA” — President Trump’s campaign slogan Make America Great Again. And now we know why the 37-year-old author of “Roar” was in the nation’s capital.
PHOTOS: Donald Trump Sweeps, Hillary Clinton Slams—The Biggest Moments From Last Night
“She’s being considered for the White House press secretary position,” a well-placed source old Radar.
“She met with Sean personally to discuss the opportunity and other possibilities.”
Spicer is reportedly being promoted to oversee all White House communications operations, including the Press Office.
PHOTOS: President Trump! The 8 Most Shocking Moments Of America’s Wildest Night EVER
His role change comes amid intense scrutiny of his performance behind the podium since Trump took office.
Spicer’s new job is reportedly not a demotion, but the shift in leadership comes just two months after Spicer’s comments during a press briefing when he compared Syrian President Bashar al-Assad‘s actions to Adolf Hitler during World War II.
“It’s disappointing because I’ve let the president down,” he said at the time. “On both a personal level and professional level, that will definitely go down as not a very good day in my history.”
PHOTOS: Top 10 Moments From Megyn Kelly’s Explosive Donald Trump Interview
While Hughes is a frontrunner, “a few Bush administration people are also being considered,” added the source.
“They’re looking for fighters to shift from defense to offense.”
Like Spicer, whose gaffes have been on replay from CNN to SNL, Hughes is no stranger to being parodied. As Radar reported exclusively, Hughes wrote an open letter to comedienne Samantha Bee about bullying after she attacked the political commentator for an on-air slip-of-the-tongue during the televised “Not The White House Correspondents’ Dinner.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n