WATCH: Aaron Carter Breaks Down in Tears as He Reveals What Drugs He Takes/n





                    Aaron Carter Attacked for Alleged Racist Remark
                







Aaron Carter was sent to the hospital after he was attacked by a fellow musician who thought the singer had made a racial slur during his concert.

 MORE >>










                    Cops Called on Aaron Carter for Failing to Pay Walmart Bill
                







Trouble seems to follow Aaron Carter these days

 MORE >>





Aaron Carter is clearing the air about his alleged drug use.

Just days after he was taken into police custody on charges of DUI refusal, possession of marijuana less than one ounce, and possession of drug related objects, the singer spoke out about the incident and refuted claims he was intoxicated at the time of his arrest.
“Somebody said I was driving recklessly on the road, that’s what the police report said, but the alignment was off on my car, so I went to AutoZone to see if I could do anything about it,” he told Entertainment Tonight. “A motorcyclist reported that I was swerving all over the road, but the alignment was off a little bit on the new tire.”
Aaron, who was arrested with girlfriend Madison Parker in Georgia last Saturday, explained the car he bought for his tour was in bad shape and he even had to stay up to guard the vehicle because the doors wouldn’t lock properly. He said he was inside the repair shop asking for help when the police approached him.





CREDIT: Entertainment Tonight


“[They] forcefully grabbed me out,” he said. “[I] stepped outside. I say, ‘I invoke the right to speak to my attorney,’ and they disregarded that, they revoked that immediately. They said, ‘Is there anything illegal in the car?’ I said, ‘I have marijuana in the car.'”
“I kept trying to explain the whole situation, to the officer,” he continued. “He said, ‘You’re a professional, right? I’m a professional too, so be quiet.’ And then I said, ‘OK.'”
While marijuana was found in his car, Aaron argued he wasn’t under the influence of drugs during his arrest because he smoked nine hours before the incident. He also revealed he was on pain medication due to a jaw injury, though he stopped taking the pills after the incident.
“No. Nothing. Zero. I am willing to do a polygraph test,” he said, refuting rumors he was on other drugs like meth, cocaine, and heroin. “I take Xanax, Propranolol for high blood pressure medication, and I took oxycodones for my mouth.”
He also refuted rumors he was drunk during his arrest, explaining that he can’t actually consume alcohol due to a medical condition. “I do not drink alcohol at all,” he shared. “I do not drink.”





CREDIT: Habersham County Sheriff Office


“I’ll occasionally have a sip of a beer or something like that, but I can’t even drink IPAs,” the 29-year-old continued. “I can’t drink anything like that. I have to drink the lightest beer possible that’s not hoppy. I don’t drink any hard liquor.”
Aaron added he hasn’t been sleeping since the arrest, explaining how he’s spent the last four days dealing with backlash from the public. “It hurts real bad because people don’t know me, and I have no control over it, and this is the way I am,” he said. “I have a medical condition. When I was 19 years old, I got an endoscopy done in Tennessee and I was diagnosed with a hiatal hernia. The doctor told me I have to keep stress out of my life, or else it’s gonna take a toll on me and I can develop cancer.”
“I don’t need help,” he concluded. “What I need is for people to understand that I’m human and that I make mistakes just like every other human in this world, but I would never risk my life or my girlfriend’s life.”


more celebrity mugshots








































7 Photos »


 
/n