 'RHOC' Preview Video! Dr. Terry Dubrow Dishes On New Costars & Wife Heather's Dramatic.../n
At the end of the Real Housewives of Orange County’s last season, Heather Dubrow admitted that she was uncertain if she would return to the hit Bravo series.
But the 46-year-old Hot in Cleveland actress is back for season 10, which sources tell RadarOnline.com will premiere in June, and fans can expect a much warmer Heather this year.
“I think Heather last season was shown in a light that wasn’t exactly her,” her husband, Newport Beach plastic surgeon and Botched star  Dr. Terry Dubrow, 56, tells Radar in an exclusive video interview alongside his E! costar, Dr. Paul Nassif. “She’s now more relaxed, more unbuttoned, and now the truth is she has real and significant relationships with the girls on the show.”
PHOTOS: Male Plastic Surgery Disasters! 10 Photos Of Bruce Jenner, Sylvester Stallone & More Cosmetic Calamities!
And Dr. Dubrow, who battled cast member Shannon Beador’s husband David in a dinner fight last season over accusations the business owner insulted Heather, says he will be playing Mr. Nice Guy beside his wife.
“I was told things about David Beador that absolutely weren’t true. I went a little crazy in defense of my wife,” he explains, adding that he’ll be cool, calm and collected onscreen this summer. “The entire season I was doing Botched. I make the occasional ‘what’s happening?’ appearance.”
In addition to being a “crazy season,” the Consult Beaute skincare founder, 55, calls this year a “baseball season,” since retired MLB center fielder Jim Edmonds’s wife Meghan and Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim player Josh Hamilton’s wife Katie have joined the cast. (Radar exclusively reported the series’ new additions in January, though Bravo has never confirmed the news.)
PHOTOS: Knifestyle Mistakes! Plastic Surgery Shockers – Top Docs Expose 14 Photos Of The Worst Hollywood Offender
“Jimmy Edmonds is a very good friend of ours,” Dr. Dubrow says. “It’s a longtime relationship there.”
Can’t wait until June? Watch Dr. Dubrow and upcoming guest star Heather on Botched, airing Tuesdays at 9/8 c on E!.
And don’t forget to catch Radar’s exclusive interview with Dr. Dubrow below.
 /n