TV Buzz: Olivia Munn Cast in Recurring Role on ‘New Girl’; CW’s ‘Emily Owens, M.D.’ Pilot Available Online/n
Fans of Nick (Jake Johnson) and Jess (Zooey Deschanel) on FOX’s New Girl may not be happy by this news. Olivia Munn, who currently stars on HBO’s The Newsroom, is set to play Nick’s recurring girlfriend Angie in an arc this season. It is believed that her first episode will air in November. [THR]
Are you sad that Jersey Shore is about to enter its final season? MTV has your relief!

To celebrate the final season of Jersey Shore, MTV is bringing you Snooki and the gang for a whole week. Staring Thursday at 10 PM, the network will host a “Jerzathon” of all five previous seasons back-to-back leading up to next week’s premiere. The marathon will start with “Gym, Tan, Look Back,” a retrospective special featuring cast interviews and footage from Season 6. Select castmembers will also be tweeting during the marathon this weekend. Jersey Shore’s final season premieres Thursday, Oct. 4 at 10 PM. [MTV]


tcas 2012: fox's all star party








































12 Photos »


The CW has announced they are joining the ranks of networks offering up pilots online prior to premiere day with Emily Owens, M.D. The medical drama, starring Mamie Gummer, will be available for viewing via iTunes, CWTV.com, and Facebook beginning Monday. Emily Owens, M.D. premieres on Tuesday, Oct. 16 at 9 PM on The CW. [CW]
Is your house a mess? Well, if you win a new contest offered by FOX and Raising Hope star Martha Plimpton, she will come and clean it for you. From Thursday through Monday, Oct. 8, fans of the sitcom can enter their best “Awkward Family Photo” and a paragraph stating why their family is like the Chances at www.fox.com/cleansweep. The winner will be chosen in mid-October and Plimpton and her on-screen husband Garret Dillahunt will come and clean (with the help of professionals of course) in early November. [EW]
Midseason CW show, Cult, has cast the parents of Skye Yarrow (Jessica Lucas). In Cult, Skye plays a researcher for the show within a show (also called Cult) and works with reporter Jeff Sefton (Matt Davis) to find his brother after he goes missing because of his intense devotion to the series. Playing Skye’s parents are Dawson’s Creek alum Obba Babtunde and Veronica Mars alum Erica Gimpel. [Zap2it]
We’re looking forward to another two years of The Soup on E! as Joel McHale has signed a new deal with the network to extend the show. In addition, the Community star’s production company, Free Period Productions, will develop nonscripted projects with E! while he will develop scripted projects with Sony Pictures television. [THR]

 brightcove.createExperiences();

 
/n