Movie Casting Update: Sky Ferreira Climbs Behind the Wheel of ‘Baby Driver,’ Belinda Dives into ‘Baywatch’/n





                    Zac Efron Gets Misted and 27 More of the Funniest Celebrity Paparazzi Pics of the Week
                







We hope you’re in the mood to laugh, because we have some extremely funny pics.

 MORE >>





We’ve searched the internet for all the latest film casting news and compiled the stories you need to see featuring stars like John Goodman, Latin songstress Belinda and Sky Ferreira!

Patriot’s Day, Mark Wahlberg’s drama about the Boston Marathon bombings, is on the fast track. John Goodman has signed on to play former Boston Police Commissioner Ed Davis. The film will cover the events surrounding the explosions at the race’s finish line in 2013, the lockdown of the city, and investigation by local and federal law enforcement. J.K. Simmons has also signed on to play Watertown police Sgt. Jeffrey Pugliese. [The Wrap]


Kelly Rohrbach Heats up on the Set of 'Baywatch'








































20 Photos »


The cast of Baywatch just got even hotter (which we weren’t sure was possible). Mexican singer and actress Belinda is a late-comer to the star-studded ensemble, as the film is already in production. She brings with her a devout fanbase, having sold 16 million records worldwide, as well as boasting 3.5 million Instagram followers and 3.9 million Twitter followers. The cast already includes Zac Efron, Alexandra Daddario, Priyanka Chopra, Dwayne Johnson, Kelly Rohrbach and David Hasselhoff. [Deadline]
Speaking of insane casts, pop singer Sky Ferreira has joined the talented-packed crime drama Baby Driver. The story follows a getaway driver (Ansel Elgort) forced to work for a notorious crime boss (Kevin Spacey). It’s not clear what her role will be, but “seductive love interest” sounds about right. The film also stars Jamie Foxx, Jon Hamm, Lily James and Jon Bernthal! So. Much. Talent. [The Wrap]


Ansel Elgort's Best Red Carpet Looks 








































21 Photos »


/n