The A-List Go ‘Alkaline’ — The Diet Everyone Is Raving About/n





                    Quick-Fix Diets
                







How the stars shed pound fast.

 MORE >>





 Move aside Atkins and South Beach.There’s a new diet fad taking over Tinseltown: The Alkaline Diet.
Sure, the name sounds more like something for batteries than weight loss, but it’s actually way more normal than some of the other diet trends made popular by Tinsletown’s tiniest (Beyonce’s cayenne cleanse comes to mind).
Marjorie Nolan, RD, an American Dietetic Association spokeswoman agrees: “It’s a diet of fresh fruits and vegetables, plenty of water, avoiding processed foods, coffee, and alcohol, which are all recommendations for a generally healthy diet anyway,” Nolan told WebMD.
While there aren’t any gimmicks, this diet does take some discipline. Not surprisingly, stars known for their healthy diets, including Victoria Beckham, Gwyneth Paltrow and Jennifer Aniston are among the A-listers who swear by the Alkaline Diet.
 

celebrities who have tried the gluten-free diet trend








































10 Photos »



Want to try it? Here’s what else you need to know about the Alkaline Diet.

The plan is based on the idea that maintaining an ideal pH level is necessary for optimum overall health, and your pH level — which determines how acidic of alkaline you are — is determined by what you eat. Based on that premise, the goal of the diet is to maintain an ideal pH level of 7.35 to 7.45 by limiting acidic foods to just 30 percent of your diet and loading up on high-alkaline food — aka mostly fresh fruit and veggies. Alkaline-promoting foods, including soy products, certain nuts, grains, and legumes, are also okay.
The bad news? Acid-promoting foods such as meat, fish, poultry, and dairy products are prohibited. In other words, prepare to go quasi-vegetarian. Also not allowed are sugary and processed foods, as well as caffeine, all of which are considered highly acidic.
 

celebrities who are vegetarians








































20 Photos »



But according to its proponents, giving up these acidic foods is a small price to pay for the benefits. The diet has been purported to do everything from slowing the aging process and preventing cancer to aiding in weight loss.
Still, the science behind the diet’s claims isn’t clear. A 2012 report, published in the Journal of Environmental and Public Health gave the diet mixed reviews for its effectiveness. While Nolan concedes the plan is pretty healthy overall, she isn’t convinced of the pH-balancing premise behind the diet.
“Our body regulates our pH between 7.35 and 7.45 no matter how we eat,” Nolan told WebMD. “Clinical studies have proved without a doubt that people who eat more fresh fruits and vegetables and hydrate properly do have lower rates of cancer and other diseases, but it probably has nothing to do with blood pH.”
While the diet may not have science supporting its claims, it continues to have Hollywood’s backing. Beckham even makes her family healthy meals from the Alkaline cookbook, Honestly Healthy.
“Love this healthy eating cookbook!! X,” the wife of soccer star David Beckham tweeted on Jan. 11, along with a picture of Honestly Healthy.
Interested in jumping on the Alkaline band wagon too?
Click here to check out the other celebs who are fans of the Alkaline diet and learn more about it.

Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n