Not So 'Stern'? Controversial Moments From Howard's Classic Radio Shows DISAPPEARING/n
Howard Stern and the powers-that-be at SiriusXM have been hard at work wiping away a lot of the naughty bits and over-sexualized celebrity interviews that helped put the “shock” in shock jock.
“Let’s call it what it is,” a source told RadarOnline.com, “It’s a white-washing of the ‘Sternthology’. They’re scrutinizing every bit from every show over 30 years. They’re cleaning it all up.”
The “Sternthology” is described as a chance to let listeners, “hear the classic moments mentioned on the live show, as well as make personal requests to hear their favorite Stern Show bits, musical performances, and celebrity interviews,” according to Stern’s website.
PHOTOS: Howard Stern Rips Kelly On Air: ‘You Can’t Walk Off Work!’
But longtime fans are complaining that they’re hearing less and less of shows that featured foul-mouthed sidekick Artie Lange, and that the “sanitization” goes far beyond that.
“The mandate is out. Wipe away any and all references to ‘RETARD,’ ‘F*&&%#,’ and the N-word,” Radar’s source shared.
The edict comes from Marci Turk, SiriusXM’s COO and the woman responsible for Stern’s PC behavior. She’s sometimes referred to as the “Yoko Ono of the Stern show,” behind her back.
PHOTOS: The King Of All Scandals: Shock Jock Howard Stern’s Top 20 Secrets & Feuds EXPOSED
Aside from banning longtime guests Gilbert Gottfried, Lisa Lampanelli and Craig Gass, Turk was behind tweaking the names of Stern show regulars Gary The Retard to Gary the Conquerer, and convincing Stern to no longer use a lisp for segments in The Homo Room.
Sources close to Stern, who has three years left on his contract, say the cleanse has a bigger meaning, and has a lot to do with him partnering with SiriusXM CEO Jim Meyer and their marketing of a new streaming video app that will give Sirius access to Stern’s audio and video library for 12 additional years.
“That’s where they see the BIG, BIG money rolling in,” our source said. “But every day, they’re power-washing away the magic that those shows held for his loyal fans for the last 30 years. This new generation isn’t hearing the REAL Howard Stern!”
What do you think? Do you miss the foul-mouthed and offensive old Howard? Or is this change for the best? Sound off in our comments section.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n