Serena Williams Loses in U.S. Open Semifinal: Let the Drake Blame Game Begin/n





                    Serena Schools Reporter
                







Off court, Serena Williams is also a winner.

 MORE >>





And just like that, it’s over for Serena Williams and her quest to become the first person to win a Grand Slam in nearly two decades.
On Friday (Sept. 11), Williams failed to advance to the women’s singles finals at the 2015 U.S. Open when she lost the semifinals match in three sets (2-6, 6-4, 6-4) to Italy’s Roberta Vinci. The unseeded (!) Vinci will next face fellow Italian Flavia Pennetta in the finals.


U.S. Open 2015: Celebrities Cheer for Serena Williams








































10 Photos »


Already, everyone from your neighbor’s great aunt to your mysterious Twitter followers have been reacting with one common denominator: Drake, who is rumored to be romancing Williams.
The Canadian rapper was spotted watching the tennis great go for even greater inside the Billie Jean King National Tennis Center on Friday, along with thousands of others. Here he is applauding Williams for a job well done, despite the heartbreaking loss:





CREDIT: Getty Images


Naturally, the Blame Drake bit got a bit out of hand:

I’m not saying Venus should grab Drake and go for a walk. But she really should. I mean now. Not walk. Run. #JinxesAreRealPeople
— Michelle Beadle (@MichelleDBeadle) September 11, 2015


Drake is no longer allowed to attend major sporting events. — Taylor Rooks (@TaylorRooks) September 11, 2015



Uber but for sending Drake to important moments in your enemies’ lives
— Zack Goldman (@ThatDamnYank) September 11, 2015


Drake about drop 3 songs bc Serena lost — Henry Pham (@Henitals) September 11, 2015



I blame Drake for this. #serena #usopen
— Karen (@runitupdamiddle) September 11, 2015


Drake is the Jessica Simpson to Serena’s Tony Romo. #BlameDrake — Madelyn Burke (@MadelynBurke) September 11, 2015



Drake the curse bruh. First Kentucky NOW Serena.
— Neiman Marcus (@_MHooks) September 11, 2015


i think drake regrets his new haircut tbh pic.twitter.com/zScqiU12Kh — L.A.S (@SartoriallyInc) September 11, 2015


Elsewhere, while track-and-field star Lolo Jones didn’t disagree with the general consensus, she did have a suggestion for the rapper’s near future:
Well when Serena breaks it off with Drake I’m here for you boo. My season is already in the crapper so no one will blame you.
— Lolo Jones (@lolojones) September 11, 2015


I look up to her so much. Winning or in defeat. I would trade 10 of my good days for one bad day of Serena’s — Lolo Jones (@lolojones) September 11, 2015


While it’s pretty clear Drake will shake this off with a new song or two, let it be known that Drizzy, we’re here for you if you need anything.

/n