Katie Holmes Has Sworn Off Dating Actors, Being Introduced To Artists/n
By Radar Staff
While Katie Holmes isn’t ready to date just yet – she’s told pals that when she does it won’t be with any actors, RadarOnline.com is exclusively reporting.
The former Dawson’s Creek star has sworn off thesps and is instead being introduced to artists by her fashion business partner, Jeanne Yang.
However, Katie, 33, is in no hurry to be tied down and is enjoying the single life right now.
PHOTOS: Katie Holmes Working At Fashion Week
“Katie doesn’t want to tie herself down just yet, but she says she’s done going out with actors,” a source revealed.
“Her previous relationships with Joshua (Jackson), Chris (Klein) and Tom (Cruise) didn’t work out, so she thinks she should look away from her own profession.
“Jeanne Yang, her business partner for the Holmes & Yang fashion label, has taken Katie to some art gallery openings recently and she’s met tons of interesting artists.
PHOTOS: Tom Cruise And Katie Holmes’ Relationship Through The Years
“She’s been saying now that if she does date anyone, it could be someone who works in the arts world.
“Katie’s more interested in the quiet life now and an unassuming artist would fit the bill perfectly for when she’s ready,” the source revealed.
As RadarOnline.com previously reported, Katie is happily single since divorcing Tom Cruise and has no plans of dating anytime soon.
PHOTOS: Tom Cruise And Katie Holmes’ Relationship Through The Years
“Katie is just flourishing in her new life,” a source close to the situation previously told Radar.
“Yes, there have been some dark moments but she was more than ready to embark on the next phase of her life post-Tom Cruise. Katie felt that her professional career suffered because she was married to Tom and that she didn’t have the final say in her acting roles. Katie is currently busy preparing for her role in Dead Accounts.
“Katie believes in love and hopes to get remarried one day, but she has absolutely no plans on dating anytime soon. Katie is devoted to being the best parent possible to Suri and continuing a smooth transition into their new lives together. Katie knows bringing a new man into the situation would only cause more stress for Suri right now, and the actress is still recovering from the end of her marriage to Tom.”
PHOTOS: Tom Cruise Pictured In Iceland After Katie Holmes’ Divorce Filing
Meanwhile, leaked legal documents dated August 17 and signed by New York State Supreme Court Judge Matthew F. Cooper, offer details of the divorce decree, including the specifics of the A-list couple’s custody agreement.
The “marital relationship” had “broken down irretrievably for a period of at least six months immediately preceding,” the papers state.
Tom, 50, and Katie, 33, tied the knot in a lavish wedding in Italy in 2006. However, the legal documents say they officially married “in a civil ceremony” in Los Angeles on November 11, 2006. A prenuptial agreement was acknowledged and signed by Holmes months earlier.
PHOTOS: Sad Suri Cruise Steps Out With Mom Katie Holmes
In terms of child support, Tom was ordered to pay $400,000 a year to cover Suri’s “medical, dental, insurance, unreimbursed medical and dental, education, college, extracurricular and camp expenses.”
 
RELATED STORIES:
Where’s Tom? Suri Cruise Goes To First Day Of School With Just Katie Holmes!Tom Cruise’s Recruited Girlfriend, Told It Was A ‘Hush-Hush Mission’ That Would Change The World
Katie Holmes On Divorce: ‘There Are A Lot Of People With Much Bigger Problems’
Off-Broadway Date A Deux? Katie Holmes Steps Out With Jeremy Strong /n