Sarah Hyland Reveals She’s Been on Bed Rest Struggling with Serious Health Issues/n





                    Here's How You Can Win Sarah Hyland's Heart
                







Sarah Hyland believes good communication is the best way to start a relationship.

 MORE >>










                    Sarah Hyland Talks Health Issues and 'Never' Having a Normal Life
                







Sarah Hyland is opening up about overcoming some major demons.

 MORE >>





Sarah Hyland is speaking out against speculations that she’s suffering from an eating disorder.

The Modern Family star took to Twitter Wednesday (May 24, 2017) to address her fluctuating weight. Insisting she’s not anorexic, the 26-year-old, who underwent a kidney transplant in 2012, revealed she’s been dealing with health issues for the past 12 months.
“I haven’t had the greatest year. Maybe one day I’ll talk about it but for now, I’d like my privacy. I will say this year has brought a lot of changes and with that, physical changes,” she shared.
“I have been told I can’t work out. Which, for me, is very upsetting,” she continued. “I love to be outdoors. I love to be strong. (I’ll be using that word a lot). Strength is everything. Being strong has gotten me where I am. Both mentally and physically. I am not a fan of ‘being skinny.'”

My story as of now. Part 1. pic.twitter.com/6kWlnxgjIb
— Sarah Hyland (@Sarah_Hyland) May 24, 2017


Part 2 pic.twitter.com/Uu54zACNc7
— Sarah Hyland (@Sarah_Hyland) May 24, 2017


Hyland added she’s lost “a lot of muscle mass” from being “on bed rest for the past few months.” Though she’s a fan of working out, she admitted she hasn’t been able to keep up her fitness due to her current state.
“My circumstances have put me in a place where I’m not in control of what my body looks like. So I strive to be as healthy as possible, as everyone should,” she wrote. “It’s never fun to look in the mirror and see your hard work at the gym fade away or have your legs be the size of one’s arms.”
The actress assured fans she’s “eating as much protein as possible” to maintain her muscles and “get back to the STRONG, lean, and fabulous self.” According to her, her face may look bloated from time to time because of the Prednisone — an immunosuppressant drug normally used to treat inflammatory diseases — she’s been taking.
“I don’t mind when you say that I look pregnant. Or fat,” she said. “My self confidence is not rendered from your comments. Because I will always be too fat. I will always be too skinny. I will never have enough curves to be called a woman. And I will always be a slut for wearing a push up bra. Love the you you set out to be. Be the best version of yourself. Be healthy.”


Sarah Hyland attends the 2016 emmy awards








































8 Photos »


/n