Dr. Jackie Walters (who will help deliver the baby), Quad Webb Lunceford and Demetria McKinney. Kandi and Todd's family including Mama Joyce, Aunt Bertha and Aunt Nora were also happy to celebrate the big day at the Z art gallery in Atl.../n
Kandi Burruss is ready to celebrate Baby Tucker!Just two months before the Real Housewives of Atlanta star is expected to deliver her first child with husband Todd Tucker, the pair decided to host a family-friendly baby shower with plenty of familiar faces.In several photos shared on Instagram, Kandi was able to celebrate her upcoming arrival with Bravo stars including Phaedra Parks, Marlo Hampton, Dr. Jackie Walters (who will help deliver the baby), Quad Webb Lunceford and Demetria McKinney.Kandi and Todd's family including Mama Joyce, Aunt Bertha and Aunt Nora were also happy to celebrate the big day at the Z art gallery in Atlanta.

For those wondering how the singer and reality star enjoyed her day, E! News can confirm the event was a "Kandiland Theme" shower that featured plenty of tasty treats. "When guests arrived, they were treated with a candy kabob full of the most popular candy," Tamara Whitaker from BellaRoseEvents told E! News. "I did not want to leave her husband out so I took the upstairs level and created him a male's safari lounge. We had balloons hanging from the ceiling like branches and vines and safari animals everywhere." Guests were also treated to bacon wrapped shrimp, lemon pepper wings, jambalaya, and baked mac & cheese cupcakes from Exclusive Designs."Everybody came to share our joy for #BabyTucker!" Kandi wrote after posing several candid photos on Instagram. "Thank you so much for helping to make our shower for #BabyTucker memorable!!!"Just last week, E! News sat down with Kandi to talk all things baby. As we quickly learned, the Bravolebrity's due date may be sooner than fans think.

"I am due Jan. 6. My actual due date is Jan. 20 but Dr. Jackie [from Married to Medicine] wants me to schedule a C-section for Jan. 6," she explained. "I don't have any cravings, which is crazy. I don't even eat that much, which is also crazy."She added, "This pregnancy isn't a lot different than my first one but it is different as far as it wasn't as easy to get pregnant so that was the major difference. With Riley it was like a surprise. With this baby, we actually had to try."Watch her pregnancy journey unfold on the Real Housewives of Atlanta airing Sunday nights at 8 p.m. only on Bravo.(E! and Bravo are part of the NBCUniversal family)
/n