So Spoiled: Some ‘PLL’ Shippers Will Be Very Happy with This Finale, Says Exec /n





                    Troian Bellisario Drags Taylor Swift for Her 'False Feminism'
                







During what could be Taylor Swift's worst month of press ever...

 MORE >>





Dying for news on Blindspot? Can do. Need an update on Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.? We’ve got you covered. Desperate to know how this season of Pretty Little Liars will end? Fear not! We’ve got exciting news on all those shows and more!

Hoping to see Roy (played by Colton Haynes, of course) make a return to Arrow soon? Well, sadly, you might have to keep waiting. At the moment, Haynes is shooting a part in Scream Queens.
“We would have Roy back in a heartbeat,” EP Wendy Mericle said. “If the right circumstances come up and the right storyline presents itself, absolutely.” [TV Line]
Season 7 of Pretty Little Liars brought about a slew of new and renewed relationships. Now, although everyone isn’t getting a happy ending, showrunner Marlene King hinted that lots of fans are going to like this how this season wraps up.
“There are three sets of shippers that will be very happy with this finale,” she stated. What a tease! [Entertainment Weekly]


Julia Roberts, Jennifer Aniston and Shay Mitchell Step Out for the 'Mother's Day' Premiere








































27 Photos »


Wanting details on the status of FitzSimmons when Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. returns?
“They’re going strong, in a solid relationship” when Season 4 opens, said co-showrunner Maurissa Tancharoen. “They did not have the opportunity to go to the Seychelles, but they’re working together, living together…. And of course with that comes some challenges.” [TV Line]
Curious how Jane will do back on the team again in Blindspot? Check out this thought from Jaimie Alexander:
“She feels that the team pretty much gave her to the CIA,” she said. “And she’s been beaten everyday for three months straight.” Yikes! [Entertainment Weekly]


Ashley Benson and Shay Mitchell Hit the Beach








































25 Photos »


/n