The Trump Tapes: Bombshell White House Recording Reveals The TRUTH About Media Feud/n
An explosive recording taped within the hallowed walls of the White House has revealed intimate details of the workings of the Trump administration, RadarOnline.com has learned — including the truth about whether presidential staffers are compiling dirt files on journalists.
Washington Post reporter April Ryan dropped a bomb on Washington this week when she claimed that Trump adviser Omarosa Manigault had “physically intimidated” her and verbally threatened her during a February 8 altercation in the upper press office at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. Ryan claimed Manigault had warned her that the White House had compiled dirt “dossiers” on Ryan and other journalists during the spat. But a new audio of the incident obtained by Radar reveals a vastly different scenario.
Well-placed sources told Radar that the fight began when Ryan complained to Press Secretary Sean Spicer that she was not being called on during press briefings. According to one insider, Ryan told him that she blamed Manigault for the slight.
PHOTOS: President Trump Makes Plans To Bond With The Queen Over A Round Of Golf
Escalating the matter, Ryan then visited Manigault’s office on February 7, and accused Manigault of asking Spicer to block her, based on Ryan’s criticism of the President’s daughter, Ivanka Trump.
The audio obtained by Radar captures that heated discussion, where Ryan makes the accusation that Manigault “turned on her,” for telling Spicer she was personally attacking Ivanka.
“What do I say? I do my job,” Manigault says to Ryan on the tape.
In turn, the reporter responds, “Girl bye. Bye friend. You turned on me.”
PHOTOS: Furious Hillary Clinton Catches Husband Bill Eyeballing Donald Trump’s Daughter Ivanka
Manigault replies, “You said something to Sean. That’s my job!”
“I will always do my job. I will always defend the President,” she continues.
Manigault then proceeds to accuse Ryan of being one of the reporters who had been targeted by the Hillary Clinton campaign in a pay-for-play attempt to curry favorable coverage, a story first reported in The Intercept.
“You’re paid by the Clintons,” Manigault accuses.
PHOTOS: Melania Trump Channels Jackie O. For White House Meeting With The Obamas
Ryan snaps back on the tape, “Keep reporting that and you’ll see how you get sued when it’s proven that I am not. Girl, I’ve been doing this 20 years. I’ve been here 30 years.”
Manigault retorts, “Call the Clintons, they’ll take care of you girl,” to which Ryan responds “I will!”
Ryan replies to Manigault, saying “Girl, bye.”
Nowhere on the audio obtained by Radar does either party mention the existence of a “dossier,” or similar blackmail file.
Indeed, an eyewitness, Washington Post reporter Abby Phillip, admitted that could not confirm the specific content of the women’s conversation.
When asked for comment on the situation by The Washington Post, Manigault responded, “My comment: Fake news!”
Story developing.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n