Meet David Boreanaz's Pooch-Loving Porn Pal David Boreanaz is a huge fan of porn high priestess Demi Delia's...puppies. And boy, we sure don't mean that euphemistically. Amid reports that she had an affair with the erstwhile A.../n
David Boreanaz is a huge fan of porn high priestess Demi Delia's...puppies. And boy, we sure don't mean that euphemistically.Amid reports that she had an affair with the erstwhile Angel, the star of Mommy XXX, MILF 4 and I F--ked Your Wife Again has issued a statement to E! News clarifying her relationship with the still-married actor.It's all about the dogs. Really.

"He did attend my Easter party [last year], but I did not have sex with him then," says the 42-year-old actress, whose real name is Gina Rodriguez. "He went up to my room, but it was because my Teacup Yorkie had puppies and he wanted to see them."[David] and I built up a friendship through the phone and text," adds Rodriguez, whose credits also include some Playboy-branded videos and episodes of Baywatch and Robbery Homicide Division, and who also manages adult-film stars.Though she does confirm that Boreanaz came to her house in L.A.'s porn-friendly San Fernando Valley on a few different occasions, Rodriguez wouldn't elaborate on why or what happened when he was there. She also admits going to the Bones star's house after partying together at Guys & Dolls nightclub last summer with a mutual friend "to see [David's] backyard that he had just completed."See, it's a friendship built on a mutual love of pooches and horticulture. Nothing wrong with that, right?Also sticking up for Rodriguez is her client Joslyn James, who we all remember for her breakout role in the Tiger Woods scandal."It's ludicrous to think that anything happened in that bedroom because everyone hangs out in her room, that's her office," James tells E! News.A rep for Boreanaz has not returned calls seeking comment. However, a source close to the star tells E! News the two did meet through a mutual friend but denies the rest of what Rodriguez claims.The actor has copped to having an affair and is working on repairing his marriage to former Playmate Jaime Bergman.The identity of his said mistress has remained a popular guessing game.The Other Woman Club's go-to attorney Gloria Allred has said the woman in question is going to come forward eventually and that it's not Allred client (and refugee from the Woods mess) Rachel Uchitel, whose intimate texts with Boreanaz were leaked last week.
/n