 X-Rated! Farrah Abraham’s Vaginal & Butt Tightening Procedures Caught On Camera.../n
Farrah Abraham’s famous lady parts are getting a tune up! RadarOnline.com can reveal exclusive video of the Teen Mom OG star undergoing procedures to rejuvenate her vagina and tighten her butt.
In the never-before-seen footage, the sex tape star undergoes an internal vaginal rejuvenation procedure.
“The procedure is performed with a wand that is inserted and moved back and forth for four minutes to tighten the walls of the uterus,” an insider told Radar of the procedure that took place at the Beverly Hills Rejuvenation Center. “It tightens everything inside your uterus and the walls of the uterus. It also makes the skin thick.”
PHOTOS: Farrah Or Fiction? 15 Parts From ‘Celebrity Sex Tape In The Making’ That Clearly Come From Farrah Abraham’s Life
The insider added how the procedure is beneficial when having intercourse.
“It is beneficial for sex so you’re not wide,” the source explained. “It also helps with moisture and lubrication.”
The MTV star also underwent exterior vaginal rejuvenation.
“When the clitoris and outside lips are stretched out and long, it shrinks them and makes the vagina from the outside look youthful,” the source said.
PHOTOS: ‘Teen Mom’ Star Farrah Abraham Takes Photos With Times Square Characters With Boyfriend & Daughter Sophia In Tow
The mother of Sophia is keeping up with her famous booty too, as she underwent the skin-tightening procedure Exilis.
“The procedure heats up the skin with radio frequency to tighten the skin and tissue,” the insider said. “It goes deep and gets rid of cellulite to make everything tight and firm.”
Abraham is no stranger to plastic surgery. She went under the knife for the first time in 2010 when she got a breast augmentation. She went from an A cup to a C cup.
PHOTOS: Farrah, Catelynn & Amber Bury The Hatchet, Go On Triple Date In LA — Plus, Their MTV Movie Awards Outfits!
In 2012, she went under the knife for a rhinoplasty and chin implant. She eventually removed the implant in 2013. That same year, she got a second breast augmentation, going from a C cup to a D cup.
She then got a third breast augmentation in 2015 to “fix the burning pain issues that were horrible.”
Watch the video above!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n