Lindsay Lohan Wrote a Treatment for a ‘Mean Girls’ Sequel/n





                    Where Would The Plastics Be in 2016?
                







Let's imagine where our favorite 'Mean Girls' ended up in life.

 MORE >>










                    Tina Fey Will Bless Us With a 'Mean Girls' Musical
                







The Plastics will be hitting the stage, and not just the one at the Winter Talent Show.

 MORE >>





Lindsay Lohan is desperate to turn the dream of a Mean Girls sequel into a reality. In fact, she’s so adamant on making it happen that she’s already started her own work on the unofficial project. (No self-respecting fan would count that hot mess of a TV movie as canon.)

In a Facebook Live interview with CNN on Thursday (Dec. 29, 2016), the 30-year-old revealed she’s been throwing the idea around and trying to get people in high places — namely screenwriter Tina Fey and producer Lorne Michaels — on board for the film.
“I have been trying so hard to do a Mean Girls 2. It is not in my hands,” she said. “I know Tina Fey and Lorne Michaels and all of Paramount [Pictures] are very busy. But I will keep forcing it and pushing it on them until we do it.”
“I would love to have Jamie Lee Curtis and Jimmy Fallon in the movie,” she added, explaining that she’s penned a few things for her version of a follow-up to the 2004 teen comedy. “I’ve already written a treatment for it, so I just need a response.”
In 2014, Lohan expressed interest in revisiting the cult classic again, telling Time Out London, “People really love the movie: how do you top that? I was with Tina Fey the other day and I said we should do another Mean Girls, like an older version where they’re all housewives and they’re all cheating. That would be really funny. I’ll harass Tina to write it.”
However, earlier this year, Fey confirmed she was working on a Mean Girls musical with her composer husband, Jeff Richmond. At the time, the 30 Rock creator did not specify if the original cast would be involved in the new production.
So fetch, right?


lindsay lohan through the years








































29 Photos »


/n