 Kathryn's Heartbreak! Thomas Scores Full Custody In Shocking Court Ruling: All The Details.../n
Kathryn Dennis and Thomas Ravenel‘s bitter custody war is finally over, and RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal that only one Southern Charm star got custody of their tots!
Ravenel, 54, was awarded full custody of Kensie, 3, and St. Julien, 1, while Dennis, 24, was given visitation rights in five stages, according to Charleston, S.C. documents obtained by Radar.
READ THE COURT DOCS!
Dennis’ visitation will increase on a year-long scale that will shift as she maintains her sobriety. Radar previously reported that Dennis checked into rehab last summer for her addiction issues.
The custody arrangement set up five stages to her visitation rights, and she will “have at least eight visitation periods” in each phase.
The first phase began with her “clean hair follicle drug test” from April of this year, and it will end in October. During this time, her mother or aunt must supervise her visits on alternating weekends from Friday afternoon to Monday morning. As long as Dennis passes six drug tests, she will move onto phase two.
PHOTOS: ‘Southern Charm’ Shocker! Danni Rushed To Hospital During Filming
Dennis will still have Kensie and St. Julien on alternating weekends from Friday to Monday during the second stage of her visitation, but she will have unsupervised time with the tots from Saturday at 10 a.m. until 6 p.m.. This stage will last for two months, assuming she passes her drug tests.
In the third and fourth stages of her visitation, she will get an additional day of visitation time and additional unsupervised time with the children. Ultimately, she will get a full week with the kids in the fifth stage of her visitation, with unsupervised weekends.
In addition, Dennis will get visitation on Thanksgiving and Christmas in odd years of her phase-in visitation and Ravenel must pay for her travel expenses if he is outside of Charleston with the kids during her schedule time.
PHOTOS: Embattled Superstar Uma Thurman Skates From Brutal Custody Fight – With 4-Year-Old Daughter
But, the couple’s schedule could change, as “once mother has been clean for a period of one year, the parties agree to return to mediation.”
Their quick agreement comes as a shock, as Ravenel wanted Dennis thrown in jail over their battle just last month.
Stay with Radar for more.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n