Callie and Arizona's Custody Battle Is Just Beginning on Grey's Anatomy and It's Already Getting Ugly Things between Callie and Arizona are about to get a whole lot worse. The minute Callie jumped the gun and presented her ex-.../n
Things between Callie and Arizona are about to get a whole lot worse.The minute Callie jumped the gun and presented her ex-wife with potential schools for their daughter across the country at the start of tonight's episode of Grey's Anatomy, we knew her pipe dream of moving Sofia to New York to follow Penny wasn't going to fly with Arizona. But we didn't know we'd be in full-blown custody battle mode by episode's end. Seriously, why doesn't anyone think about what they're doing before they do it on this show?!

After their conversation over coffee came to a crashing halt, each of the exes headed into work and whined to their respective sympathetic ears. Penny told Callie that she couldn't step in and offer advice because it wasn't her place yet. And Richard, surprised that Arizona had already consulted with that lawyer, told her to slow down and consider whether she was overreacting. And that seemed to work. Callie came to her senses and was ready to admit that she'd gotten ahead of herself, but all it took was one ill-timed phone call to send Arizona over the edge.It turns out that Callie had already submitted an application for Sofia at the Barton Academy, completely undermining her promise to Arizona to not make plans without her. If that tense final face-to-face with the pair over Arizona's lawyer's card is any indication, Grey Sloan Memorial is about to be a battlefield.Spare Parts:- Ben's already antsy in his punishment, showing little remorse and cavalierly looking to get back into the OR by returning to his anesthesiologist position. That he went through with it even after Miranda expressly told him he "better figure out where [he's] gonna sleep" if he did doesn't not bode well for this marriage. Homeboy needs to check himself before he wrecks himself even more.- The young shooting victim case was incredibly sad and shook up much of the staff in unexpected ways. Maggie's freak out over how much she loves Mer's kids was a really sweet moment, as was Jo's realization that she didn't need the gun she was hiding from Alex to feel safe anymore.- Kyle is going to die, right? There's no way that he's not going to die. Poor Edwards.- "We're becoming cat ladies. And the children are our cats." Hands down, funniest line of the night.Grey's Anatomy airs Thursdays at 8 p.m. on ABC.
/n