Rashida Jones Designed the Prettiest Pastel Luggage Collection for Away/n
Away is a lightweight suitcase made for modern-day travelers, with a hard shell, interior compartments, a laundry bag, and built-in USB chargers. Not to mention, you can buy a set of two suitcases for less than one might cost from other luggage brands.
Each season, the brand unveils an Away Edition capsule, a collaboration inspired by the experiences of well-known travelers. This fall, it partnered with actress and producer Rashida Jones, an Away fan since her first trip with one of its suitcases.
“I found it to be my dream idea of what luggage should be: durable, functional, cute, simple, not fussy, and not too serious,” she said.

Away co-founder Jen Rubio describes Jones as “an expert traveler with an incredible eye for design,” so it was a no-brainer when the opportunity arose to collaborate.
Edition RJ is a whimsical, yet refined collection inspired by Jones’ trips to Stockholm. Having always been drawn to the elegant simplicity of Scandinavian design and its effortless blend of playfulness, Jones wanted to design a line that captured that sensibility. Her capsule features all four sizes of luggage in three shades she feels perfectly embody Stockholm: cactus green, clay pink, and violet, a set of four color-coordinated packing cubes, and an exclusive Stockholm Tote.

“I love the idea of being able to bring some magic into something banal,” Jones said of the collection. And the fun colors are practical, too, allowing you to spot your bag on the baggage claim carousel instantly.
“I think we underestimate the toll that carrying luggage has on us, especially if you travel a lot,” Jones said. And this was the motivation behind the exclusive RJ Stockholm Tote, which you can hold, wear cross-body, or use the smart slat to slide it over the handle of your suitcase.
We caught up with Jones for a quick take on her most treasured travel memories and the places on her wish list.

What are some of your favorite places in Stockholm?
“My number one is Ett Hem, a beautiful hotel. It’s [name] means ‘at home’ and it genuinely feels like I’m at home when I’m there. I really love visiting the Modern Museum — so beautiful — and there’s a great view of the city upstairs. There are so many inspiring female designers that I’ve met there: Carin Rodejber, Kristina Tjader from House of Dagmar… just badass, smart feminists who design beautiful clothes for powerful women. I also enjoy visiting all of the little islands in Stockholm, which I just find to be so cool. All the bridges you walk over connecting the individual islands may just be my favorite part.”
What’s the most memorable trip you’ve ever taken?
“Tokyo — I went there for the first time four years ago and it just felt like I belonged there. The city has its own beautifully unique vibe, and I love the attention to detail and the sense of respect. I loved crossing the intersection, Shibuya, which is one of the biggest intersections in the world and yet it’s so quiet, the opposite of Times Square — so magical.”
Anywhere you haven’t been that’s on your list?
“Yes! I want to go to South America, I’ve never been there, and I want to go to Australia.”
This article originally appeared on Travelandleisure.com
/n