John Heard Said In Final Interview That He Wanted To Work After Back Surgery/n
John Heard sounded desperate to get back to acting during his final interview.
The Home Alone actor spoke with actress Illeana Douglas for her “I Blame Dennis Hopper” podcast on Tuesday.
As Radar has reported, Heard was found dead in a hotel room in Palo Alto, Calif., on Friday; the maid service apparently found him. The star was staying there while recovering from back surgery.
PHOTOS: Domestic Abuse & A Six Day Marriage? John Heard’s Secrets And Scandals Exposed
And as the Mercury News reported, off-mic during his last interview, Heard revealed to Douglas he was “optimistic” about the future and looking forward to getting through back surgery the next day at Stanford Medical Center. He wanted to recover quickly and return to acting work.
“He was filled with optimism and hope that he would get this back surgery and begin to start working again,” Douglas wrote on her Facebook page after learning about Heard’s death on Friday, only two days after his surgery.
“That’s where he was happiest. Like any actor, he just wanted a job. He just wanted to work.”
PHOTOS: John Heard Death Continues Curse Of The ‘Home Alone’ Cast
Heard himself said on Facebook on Tuesday, “Having surgery tomorro (sic) and i want all the sympathy i can get !!!!! HA!”
On Wednesday around 8:45 a.m., just before Heard said he was going into surgery, the star posted another message, thanking fans for their support on Facebook: “”Wow WOW !!! thanks folks going in now just wanted to say thank you for such love just amazing you band of big hearted folks !!!! so grateful!!”
In his last poignant interview, with friend Douglas, Heard, 72, told stories about his long and diverse career. Although he is best known for playing the dad who leaves son Macaulay Culkin behind in the hit movie Home Alone, he had also appeared in Big, Chilly Scenes of Winter, such TV shows as The Sopranos, and the cult small screen movie Sharknado.
PHOTOS: 30 Celebrities Linked To Violent Deaths
As Radar has reported, Heard had lots of secrets and scandals in his life that dated back years, including three broken marriages and problems with his children. His former wife Sharon wrote in an obituary for their son Max, 22, that he missed having a father figure in his life.
Heard’s third and final wife Lana Pritchard exclusively told Radar about how much he had suffered with back pain and how she believes he might have died of an accidental overdose after the surgery.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n