Meghan Markle's Half-Brother Is Cleared Of Gun Scandal/n
A Meghan Markle family scandal is reportedly over, smoothing the way for Prince Harry to get engaged to his actress girlfriend.
Meghan’s half-brother, Thomas Markle Jr., has been cleared of allegedly threatening his girlfriend with a gun in a drunken rage last month, according to The Mail on Sunday.
The paper reported that two charges were dismissed after authorities in Oregon were “‘unable to locate” Tom’s girlfriend Darlene Blount.
PHOTOS: Prince Harry Pushes Forward With Engagement Plans To Meghan Markle
With rumors flying about Meghan, 35, getting engaged to lover Prince Harry, 32, her half-brother getting cleared could result in royal relief and speed up a commitment.
As Radar has previously reported, 50-year-old divorcee Thomas Jr. was taken into custody last month after he was caught in an allegedly drunken rage with Blount, resulting in him pulling a gun and pointing it at her head.
The Josephine County Sheriff’s office in Oregon announced that Thomas Jr. was arrested on 11 p.m. on Jan. 12 and released the next day at 10 a.m. “He will be going to court for it,” the authorities said at the time.
According to police records, charges includeD menacing, pointing a firearm at another person, and unlawful use of a weapon.
PHOTOS: Royal No-Show! Meghan Markle Dines ALONE With Mom After Prince Harry Snub
As Radar reported, Thomas Jr. called his ex-wife, Tracy Dooley, at 3 a.m. for his $1,500 bail.
Dooley later said, “I don’t want this to be embarrassing for Meghan. Tom has had a little fame and publicity since Meghan started dating Prince Harry. He wants what’s best for her. He is so happy and proud for her.”
A palace insider told Radar that Harry’s father Prince Charles called his son on the royal carpet after hearing about Meghan’s half-brother’s arrest, saying the sexy Suits beauty is “not fit to be your wife!”
But since then, Meghan has gotten more of a royal stamp of approval, as the Daily Star reported her first official public outing will be at Prince William‘s wife Kate Middleton‘s sister Pippa’s upcoming wedding.
With Valentine’s Day on Tuesday, however, could Meghan be getting a proposal of her own?
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n