Sadie Robertson on the Fate of Duck Dynasty: "We Know This Is All in God's Hands" The Duck Dynasty cast is relying on their faith to get them through tough times. With Phil Robertson "suspended indefinitely" from the.../n
The Duck Dynasty cast is relying on their faith to get them through tough times. With Phil Robertson "suspended indefinitely" from the A&E reality show that made him famous, his family is apparently considering quitting the series if he's not reinstated.The Robertsons issued a statement on Thursday, Dec. 19, and shortly after, Phil's 16-year-old granddaughter, Sadie Robertson, took to Twitter to elaborate. "This is what the family has decided. We know this is all in God's hands," she wrote. "Thank you for all the prayers. It means a lot to the family," she added. Sadie also tweeted "hakuna matata," a Swahili phrase made popular by Disney's 1994 animated feature The Lion King. It means "no worries."Prior to releasing a family statement, Sadie tweeted, "God is able. He will never change. He is a mighty God."



A&E;

Phil, 67, came under fire on Wednesday, Dec. 18, shortly after GQ published a profile on the Louisiana-based family. In the article, the patriarch suggested that homosexuality is sinful and even grouped gay people with terrorists. A+E Networks responded by benching him and asserting that it has "always been strong supporters and champions of the LGBT community."In the Robertsons' Nov. 19 statement, released via their official website, they made it clear that Phil is an important member of the Duck Dynasty family.

"We want to thank all of you for your prayers and support. The family has spent much time in prayer since learning of A&E's decision. We want you to know that first and foremost we are a family rooted in our faith in God and our belief that the Bible is His word. While some of Phil's unfiltered comments to the reporter were coarse, his beliefs are grounded in the teachings of the Bible. Phil is a Godly man who follows what the Bible says are the greatest commandments: 'Love the Lord your God with all your heart' and 'Love your neighbor as yourself.' Phil would never incite or encourage hate."They continued, "We are disappointed that Phil has been placed on hiatus for expressing his faith, which is his constitutionally protected right.We have had a successful working relationship with A&E but, as a family, we cannot imagine the show going forward without our patriarch at the helm. We are in discussions with A&E to see what that means for the future of Duck Dynasty. Again, thank you for your continued support of our family."
/n