Kylie Jenner Wants to Be Pregnant by the Time She’s 30/n





                    Kylie Jenner Covers 'PAPER' Magazine
                







We've found her 'Grease: Live' Audition

 MORE >>





Who would want to just be starting a family when they’re 32 years old?
.

Kylie Jenner discusses her omnipotent social influence in her cover story for the April issue of PAPER magazine, reflecting on the breadth of her brand and how her lips have inspired a generation.
In the interview, which was conducted through a series of DM’s from fans on Instagram, Jenner says that a primary misconception that people have about her is that she is “just super fake” and that she got her “full face reconstructed”.
“And that I only care about materialistic things,” adds the Lip Kit queen.
Instead, she wants the public to focus on her philanthropic moves that include an anti-bullying campaign, through which she met a special fan named Lizzie Velásquez. “She has a disease where she only weighs 60 lbs and she made a movie about her life, ” says Jenner. “I went to her private screening and met her, which was really cool. She’s amazing.”


Kylie Jenner Fan Gets Too Close Outside of Craig's Restaurant


































5 Photos »


When asked what her favorite books is, Jenner says that the “Pretty Little Liars” series had her hooked. “I think that’s what got me into reading and I read literally every single one so fast and that’s all I talked about all the time,” she said. “I’d be like, ‘They need to have a show or a movie’ And then they got a show and it was the happiest day of my life.”
Looking ahead to the future, Jenner looks forward to settling down and having children, hopefully on a farm, before the age of 30.
“I don’t want to start [having] a baby when I’m 30!” she said when compared to her older sisters who had their first children later in life. “I don’t believe in after 30 — I don’t know.”
Read Jenner’s interview in its entirety over on PAPER magazine.





CREDIT: Courtesy of PAPER Magazine / Photos by Erik Madigan Heck


/n