 Off The Wagon & Out Of Control! Shia LaBeouf Caught On Camera During Wild Night Out.../n
So much for sobriety?
In a bombshell world exclusive, RadarOnline.com has obtained a disturbing video that shows Shia LaBeouf partying hard with fans in Finland on May 13.
The 30-year-old actor, who had just finished isolating himself for a month in a cabin outside of Helsinki, Finland, said in September 2016 that he was nearly one year sober.
But all that seemed to have gone out the window on May 13, when he came into Helsinki to meet fans he’d been communicating with over a live-stream video service, which was located at the Kiasma museum.
PHOTOS: Shia LaBeouf Rockin’ Tight Pink Pants On ‘Jimmy Kimmel Live!’
According to an insider, the video room at the museum was set up like a small hut, where fans could go inside and talk to the cabin-bound actor on camera.
The footage obtained by Radar was captured when LaBeouf decided to surprise fans at a nearby pizza restaurant, where he was seen slurring, shouting and sloshing his way through some Sia lyrics.
“The first 30 minutes seemed fine, but then things got crazy the more he drank,” an eyewitness told Radar.
Meanwhile, LaBeouf’s brand-new wife, model Mia Goth, was nowhere in sight.
The party then relocated to a karaoke bar, where the superfan said by the time they got there, LaBeouf had already downed “another five to 10 drinks at the bar, even after drinking a lot at the pizza place.”
PHOTOS: Hugh Jackman, Ben Affleck & Shia LaBeouf — In The Buff! The 12 Hottest Male Nude Scenes Of The Year
As the video shows, he loudly bellowed along to Sia’s “Chandelier,” appearing not to know the words even though he appeared in her “Elastic Heart” video!
Around midnight, the source claims, LaBeouf was spotted talking to a group of fans who promised him they knew a private place they could continue the party!
Watch the shocking footage of his night in Finland right here on Radar.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n