Johnny Depp Dresses Up as Captain Jack Sparrow to Surprise Sick Children Yo ho, yo ho, it's a pirate's life for Johnny Depp and a few very deserving kids!  The A-list actor recently paid a heartwarming visit to the British Columbia Children's Hospita.../n
Yo ho, yo ho, it's a pirate's life for Johnny Depp and a few very deserving kids! The A-list actor recently paid a heartwarming visit to the British Columbia Children's Hospital in Vancouver, Canada, getting completely into character as Captain Jack Sparrow from Pirates of the Caribbean.Dressed head-to-toe in his costume from the Disney film franchise, Depp spent nearly six hours meeting one-on-one with patients (from newborns to teens) and their families from the oncology, general pediatrics and neurology wards. His visit came as a total surprise, and pediatric patients Aidan Chin, Madison Kertcher and Logan Lay served as Depp's special guides throughout the day.Johnny also entertained the kids with his signature swashbuckling style and posed for photographs during a pirate-themed celebration. 

"Meeting Captain Jack was a dream come true for my daughter," said 7-year-old Madison's mom, Sarah Kertcher. "He never broke character once and was so generous with his time. He was truly here for the kids and it brought tears to my eyes to see how special he made each one feel."This isn't the first time Depp, who is in Canada working on Richard Says Goodbye, has stepped away from filming to give back to those in need. In fact, the movie star enjoys dressing up as Captain Jack Sparrow and surprising sick children so much, he even travels with the pirate outfit. 

Back in 2013, Depp told E! News exclusively, "Sometimes you go to kiddie hospitals and things like that. I'll just sneak in and go and surprise a bunch of kiddies through the different wards…It basically turns into a two, three-hour improvisation and it's really fun. So I travel with Captain Jack."Two years later, the 54-year-old surprised patients at the Lady Cilento Children's Hospital in Australia, and just a few months ago, shocked Disneyland park-goers by making an impromptu appearance on the Pirates of the Caribbean ride. Check out more celebrities with a passion for philanthropy below: 
/n