Gossip Girl – Oct 5/n
It’s a fact—not every high school show makes it when they jump on to the college years. It’s a good reason that One Tree Hill skipped over them all together. So, just when we thought that maybe, just maybe, Gossip Girl was starting to lose its edge now that most of the drama is happening in the grungy East Village as opposed to the posh Upper East Side—last night’s episode proved that it’s still got it some sass. Here’s why:
Leighton Meester deserves an Emmy for her performance last night. It was truly heartbreaking to see how Blair Waldorf just cannot let go of being the Queen Bee and just doesn’t get the whole college experience. We love that she’s rebelling against eating Raman noodles, throwing on a pair of sweats and going to class with her hair still wet from the shower like every other college student in America. When she told the dude in the café, “sandals are not shoes” we almost spit out our lattes from laughing so hard. But watching her host a slumber party for high school social climbers just so she could lord over them was a reminder that even the exquisite Blair Waldorf has her share of insecurities too. Though we know she’s got something up her sleeve to keep her dorm mates at bay!
We never ever would have thought it but Chuck Bass is actually the best boyfriend ever! He really and truly does love Blair and will do anything to make her happy. Chuck in love—we never thought we’d dig it but that’s the best part about him—always full of surprises.
With so much of the action happening down at NYU, we almost forgot that Constance ever even existed. Only Lil J could make prep school uniforms into punk rock looks that even public school girls will crave.
Nate was barely on last night and his new girlfriend Bree (Joanna Garcia) was nowhere to be seen. Good! They are BORING. You know, 90210 got rid of Ethan this season—a major cast member that just wasn’t working. We love Chace Crawford as much as the next prep school girl but sometimes you just have to let a boring character spread his wings elsewhere—or revive his storyline, stat!
Hilary Duff joined the cast last night as uber movie star Olivia Burke just trying to be a “real girl” at NYU. Leave it to Dan Humphrey to have no idea that he was chasing after a famous actress. Olivia is also Vanessa’s roommate so we know that she’ll be meeting up with Dan again soon. As for Hil, she was a little too saccharinely sweet—she needs to do something a little scandalous in upcoming episodes if she wants to keep our interest.
Tyra Banks guest starred last night as Olivia’s co-star in her new movie—Tyra really should stick to model competition and talk show hosting. But, Serena as her publicist? We like it—the storylines are endless if GG’s resident socialite stats having power with the media!
And not like we didn’t see it coming, but Georgina teaming up with Scott? Brilliant. We really hope that when Michelle Trachtenberg’s show Mercy gets canceled (which it will) that she’ll wise up and join GG full-time! /n