 Wynonna Judd’s Troubled Daughter Sentenced To Jail & Drug Rehab For Meth Charges.../n
A Tennessee judge didn’t go easy on Wynonna Judd’s troubled daughter. RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal the outcome of Grace Pauline Kelley’s multiple drug-related cases – and it involves spending time behind bars and in drug rehab.
The Clerk of Court for Maury County exclusively told Radar that Kelley, 21, was charged with the manufacturing and delivering of meth. She pled guilty to the lesser charge of possession of meth.
She was sentenced to 11 months and 29 days in jail, which was suspended and will be served on probation after she successfully completes 30 days behind bars on March 7, 2017.
PHOTOS: Stars Behind Bars! Hollywood’s Most Sensational Mug Shots REVEALED
She also pled guilty to evading arrest and was sentenced to four years in jail. The jail time was suspended and will be served on probation. A condition of her probation is that she must serve 180 days at an in-house rehab.
She was also charged with failure to report an accident, but the case was dismissed.
The singer’s daughter is currently incarcerated at Maury County Jail. The clerk could not confirm to Radar if the wild child completed her rehab stint before serving her 30 days in jail.
As Radar reported earlier this week, Kelley pled guilty to manufacture, delivery, sale and possession of meth on May 26 in Williamson County. A Tennessee judge ordered her to pay $3,092.50 in fines. The balance is currently pending.
Kelley’s troubled lifestyle began when she was a teen, as she disappeared for days in 2011 during a flight layover while returning home from boarding school.
PHOTOS: Fights, Drugs & Shocking Splits! Secrets Of The ‘Teen Mom OG’ Reunion Uncovered
In December 2012, the daughter of Judd and Arch Kelley was sent to a “behavioral camp” for six months, a source told Radar.
Kelley’s actress aunt Ashley Judd got temporary custody of her niece in 2014 when she claimed her mother popped pills and was abusive.
Does the sentencing surprise you? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n