Dina Lohan Gets Birthday Surprise in NY/n





                    B-Ball for the Lohans
                







The Lohans hit up a Knicks game.

 MORE >>










                    Lindsay: Racy in White
                







Lindsay & Dina Lohan stun at Kim Kardashian's wedding.

 MORE >>










                    Lindsay Gets Leggy
                







Lindsay Lohan gets bares her legs in New York. 

 MORE >>





 Just days before her 49th birthday, Dina Lohan got quite a fun surprise while at Stone Rose Lounge. According to onlookers, her friend snuck up behind her with a tray of cupcakes and candles and started to sing “Happy Birthday.” The ladies indulged in a few treats and white wine.
Afterward, Dina and her friend spent time at the New York Fashion Week relaxation station to get their hair done at the John Frieda station and even visited the BlackBerry boutique to get her phone engraved to match the tattoo on her wrist – C*A*L*M (Cody, Ali, Lindsay, Michael). Aww!
In other celebrity sightings news …

 Ashlee Simpson and boyfriend Vincent Piazza  seem to be stronger than ever, stepping out at several public events this week. The couple first joined Christina Ricci to celebrate her September cover of Nylon Magazine at seafood restaurant, Catch. The following night, they attended the New York premiere of the second season of Boardwalk Empire held at the The Ziegfeld Theater in New York. The two looked madly in love and could barely keep their hands off each other!
 

Ashlee Simpson & New Beau Make Their Red Carpet Debut








































7 Photos »




Downtown Bar Rafaeli partied alongside Jessica White and Scott Disick at The Darby Restaurant to celebrate the Muse Magazine’s New York Fashion Week Party. The group crowded around the blue lit stage to witness the special performance by The Parlor Mob. Rock on!
 

Bar Refaeli Flashes Her Belly in NYC








































11 Photos »



For more celebrity sightings and news, be sure to follow Celebuzz Twitter, Facebook and Tumblr.
/n