Matt Damon Faces Backlash Over His Comments on Sexuality/n





                    Matt Damon Issues Apology for 'Whitesplaining' Racial Diversity
                







Matt Damon says he's sorry...

 MORE >>





Matt Damon and the Internet really aren’t getting along right now.
Recently, the actor found himself apologizing for interrupting the black producer of Dear White People, Effie Brown, on the season premiere of Project Greenlight.
And now, some people think he should be apologizing for a comment he made about sexuality in Hollywood. In an interview with The Guardian, the actor seemingly implied gay actors should stay in the closet.
Matt, who talked about his wife and four kids in the article, said:
“[I]n terms of actors, I think you’re a better actor the less people know about you period. And sexuality is a huge part of that. Whether you’re straight or gay, people shouldn’t know anything about your sexuality because that’s one of the mysteries that you should be able to play.”


Ben Affleck and Matt Damon Through The Years








































10 Photos »


And when asked if he thinks it’s harder for actors to be openly gay in Hollywood, he responded by saying, “I’m sure. When Ben [Affleck] and I first came on the scene there were rumors that we were gay because it was two guys who wrote a script together.”
“I don’t want to, like [imply] it’s some sort of disease – then it’s like I’m throwing my friends under the bus. But at the time, I remember thinking and saying, Rupert Everett was openly gay and this guy – more handsome than anybody, a classically trained actor – it’s tough to make the argument that he didn’t take a hit for being out.”
As can be expected, social media has exploded since the interview hit the web, with people wondering why Matt keeps ‘Damonsplaining,’ as they put it.

“people shouldn’t know anything about your sexuality” -Matt Damon So he should stop talking about his wife & kids immediately, then, yes?
— jaciem (@jaciem) September 28, 2015

Matt Damon needs to stop telling other people how to live their lives
— Mary the Heroine (@HeroineMary) September 28, 2015


Matt Damon is doing everything possible to ruin his ‘good guy’ image. He should probably just stop talking
— Eleanor Jackson (@elliejackson1) September 28, 2015


First diversity & now sexuality. Hey, Matt Damon.I’m not your publicist but PLEASE SHUT UP! YOU’RE SPROUTING UTTER NONSENSE AGAIN! #FacePalm
— Darcy Yusuf (@Like_Whoa) September 28, 2015



Is this going to be a thing now? Every week Matt Damon says something extremely stupid?
— Brent Weichsel (@bsweichsel) September 28, 2015
Wonder what he’ll say next week?






/n