Bobby Brown Had Sex with a Ghost and Five More Revelations From His ’20/20′ Interview/n





                    Bobby Brown Breaks Down in Tears Over Daughter Bobbi Kristina's Death
                







Bobby Brown is ready to talk about Bobbi Kristina Brown.

 MORE >>





Kesha isn’t the only person to have gotten freaky with a supernatural spirit.

In his recent sit-down with 20/20, Bobby Brown opened up in a very candid conversation about his personal life. Speaking with Robin Roberts, the New Edition singer touched upon everything from his tumultuous relationship with the late Whitney Houston to — yes, you’re reading this correctly — having sex with a ghost.
Here are six big bombshells he dropped on all of us Tuesday night (June 7, 2016) during his interview.
1. Houston made the first move
According to Brown, his ex-wife was the first to start flirting with him at the 1989 Soul Train Awards. Though he was already interested in her, Brown claimed Houston was the one to make the initial move.
“She was bumping into me,” he recalled. “I was like, ‘You keep bumping into me.’ And I kept doing that. And I did it like two or three times, and she kept bumping me. I asked her why, and she was like, ‘Because I want to.’ And that attitude — that whole thing right there — that’s the way it started.”
Brown, who was married to Houston for 15 years before separating in 2006, continued, “For the rest of my life, I will have that feeling towards her because she was the one person that knew me — that one person who had no judgement.”


Whitney Houston's Career Defining Moments








































9 Photos »


2. During their marriage, Brown and Houston would lock themselves up in a room to do drugs
After revealing that the first time he had seen Houston snort cocaine was on their wedding day, Brown confessed to having coke binges with the singer in their house while nannies looked after their daughter, Bobbi Kristina Brown.
“I always made it a point never to let her see me or my wife in that situation,” he noted, adding that it became harder and harder to hide the drugs as Bobbi Kristina, who passed away in 2015 from a combination of drowning and drug intoxication, grew older. “We failed Bobbi Kris. We could have been better. We should have been better. To be so young and have everything we wanted was a blessing and a curse.”
3. Brown hit Houston during a time he was struggling with his drug addiction
In late 2003, Brown was arrested on a misdemeanor battery charge for assaulting Houston. According to him, he was “trying to maintain sobriety” at the time. Though he admitted to striking Houston once, he ultimately said he has “never been a violent man toward a woman ever.”
“The last few years of our marriage was terrible,” Brown remembered. “Both of us trying to be clean, or one of us trying to be clean … it was terrible.”
The couple’s divorce was finalized in 2007.


Cissy Houston Reveals All About Whitney Houston








































10 Photos »


4. Brown is still struggling with alcohol, but says he’s no longer doing drugs
“When you’re living with somebody who has fought so many addictions and has come so far and then you see there is still something holding them back … you just want to help them,” Brown’s wife Alicia Etheredge said. “He has a good days and bad days, and he struggles like everybody else. He gets on his knees and he prays and he asks for support and he has really strong faith.”
The two married in June 2012 and have two children together and are expecting their third.


Whitney Houston's Full Toxicology and Autopsy Report








































42 Photos »


5. He’s adamant that Nick Gordon is behind Bobbi Kristina’s death
Brown, who is currently embroiled in a $10 million lawsuit with Nick Gordon, insisted that Bobbi Kristina’s live-in boyfriend had something to do with his daughter’s death.
“If I could get those two days back, I would go and get her,” he said behind tears. “My daughter would be here.”
“He knows what happened,” Brown notes, refusing to say Gordon’s name on camera. “I don’t know what happened that night, but he does.”
Previously, Brown claimed Gordon had injected his daughter with a toxic cocktail shortly before she was found unresponsive in her bathtub in her Georgia home. Gordon’s attorney recently refuted claims that his client had anything to do Bobbi Kristina’s passing.


Bobbi Kristina Brown, Nick Gordon at Whitney Houston Salute






















3 Photos »


6. Brown had sex with a ghost
Referring to a story included in his upcoming memoir, Every Little Step, Brown claimed he once had a sexual encounter with an otherworldly being.
“I bought this mansion in Georgia … this was a really, really spooky place,” he said. “But yes, one time, I woke up, and yeah, a ghost. I was being mounted by a ghost.”
“I wasn’t high,” Brown, who also claimed he slept with Madonna and Janet Jackson, added. “I was not tripping.”


Bobby Brown at Whitney Houston's Funeral








































8 Photos »


/n