Career Over? Maria Menounos 'May Never Return' To TV After Brain Tumor Surgery/n
Maria Menounos resigned as the co-host of E! news today after revealing that she recently underwent surgery to remove a brain tumor.
And now, as the 39-year-old seasoned anchor begins the long road to recovery, RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned from a friend that she may never return to TV!
PHOTOS: Gone Too Soon! 10 Shocking Celebrity Deaths
“Maria honestly does not know if she will return to entertainment after all of this,” the insider revealed. “It really caused her to wake up.”
“She wants to step down while she’s at the top of her game and refocus her life right now.”
Next, Menounos plans to finally marry longtime fiance Kevin Undergaro and start a family.
PHOTOS: Cancer Battle: Jessica Simpson’s Dad Spotted After Fighting Deadly Disease
“She is so grateful for everything that life has given her, and she does not take any of it for granted,” the source said.
A spokesperson for the star said there’s still a chance she will return to the spotlight.
Menounos “is leaving E! News to focus on her health and well-being. She is going to take some time and focus on some passion projects and see what’s next. That definitely doesn’t exclude television,” her rep told Radar.
This morning, Menounos revealed to People that she first learned of her diagnosis in February. In June, she underwent surgery to have a “golf ball-sized” tumor removed.
Menounos, whose mother is currently battling stage 4 brain cancer, released a statement on Instagram this morning to let her fans know that she will be okay.
“Seriously I’m recovering well and should be as good as new very very soon,” she said, and then proceeded to ask fans for prayers for her mother.





 First I wanna say thank you all for the well wishes, prayers and support. It's been a crazy time here in our home. I want you all to know that I'm ok! Seriously I'm recovering well and should be as good as new very very soon! Luckily I don't need any further treatments but I can't say the same about my mom. So please keep her in your prayers. I also want to thank @people for allowing me to share my story. @juliejordanc & @mrjesscagle THANK YOU' Next-I need to thank everyone at @cedarssinai everyone there has been amazing. Most people want to rush out of the hospital to get home I kept saying I've never been treated kinder. I cried like a baby saying goodbye to the amazing nurses who took such good care of me. God bless nurses! I of course need to thank dr black and dr Chu for performing an amazing surgery and giving me the best bday gift ever-my health. And lastly, god has blessed me in so many ways but this too was a blessing. I got to hear what I have meant to my friends and family-it's been quite moving for me. I want thank all of my incredible friends, family and even strangers who have shown me and my family such kindness. @alyssawallerce Thank you for being with me every step of the way. I couldn't have done it without you. @iamjoegear You too! And to @undergaro the best nurse in the world..you never left the hospital and slept by my side there. you are my everything and I'm so thankful to you. You and dad have really been incredible to mom and me. You both have inspired me. I've never been more excited about life. I see so much so clearly. Will share more with all of you soon! Xo
A post shared by maria menounos (@mariamenounos) on Jul 3, 2017 at 7:48am PDT



We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n