NASCAR Driver Mike Wallace and Daughter Allegedly Assaulted After Rascal Flatts Concert: 'It's Devastating for a Father'/n
NASCAR veteran Mike Wallace will never forget the fun family outing that turned savage when he and his daughter were allegedly beaten by three men in a parking lot following a Rascal Flatts concert, Charlotte police confirm to PEOPLE.  
Wallace, 57, and his wife and daughter were leaving Charlotte’s PNC Music Pavilion when they got into a confrontation with three men, the longtime race car driver told WSCO.TV.  
Wallace says the men began yelling at him and his family before kicking and punching him, leaving him with three broken teeth and in need of 12 stitches.  
His daughter, Lindsey Wallace Van Wingerden, 31, was injured in the attack after she lay on top of her unconscious father to try to shield him from the men’s blows, according to police, and Lindsey’s husband, Thomas Van Wingerden, 34, was also allegedly attacked and suffered minor injuries.  
Fighting back tears, he told WSOC, “I woke up. I see my daughter laying on the ground, which is devastating for a father. I mean, that’s the worst thing in the world.”  
Mike Wallace’s brother, Kenny Wallace, also a retired NASCAR driver, posted images of the incident on his Facebook page. One photo shows his brother’s bloodied and bruised face after the alleged attack. Another shows Mike Wallace’s daughter limp on a stretcher.  
“I am ‘tore up’ and ‘sick to my stomach’ about my brother ‘Mike’ and his daughter Lindsey Wallace Van Wingerden and everyone involved in this senseless … beating after a concert in Charlotte NC on Friday night,” Kenny Wallace wrote on his Facebook page.
“My brother Mike laid on the ground ‘knocked out’ and it was NOT even a fight and 3 men kept kicking my ‘knocked out’ brother in the face. Think about it? My brother was knocked out and they were kicking him in the face… I AM SO [expletive] MAD!!” Kenny alleged.  
Mike Wallace and daughter Lindsay during interview with WSOCTVSource: WSOCTVMike WallaceJohn Raoux/AP• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
Wallace and his daughter were treated and released from an area hospital, according to police.  
Nathan Lucas, 22, and Randolph Mangum, 24, were arrested and charged with simple assault, according to the Mecklenburg County Sheriff s website. They each posted a $1,000 bond.   
Paul Lucas, 29, was charged with assault on a female and was released on a $1,500 secured bond. All three have court in Mecklenburg County planned for July 22.  
Paul Lucas, Randolph Mangum, Nathan LucasMecklenburg County Sheriff's Office (3)Kenny Wallace says he doesn t know why the men attacked his brother. “I talked to Mike a couple times this weekend and he s just in shock,” he told USA Today. “He can t believe it happened.”  
On Sunday, Kenny Wallace tweeted, “The number ONE question I get from the @NASCAR world is “What did Mike do?”. Sad part is Mike did nothing. It was a GOON attack.”  
Another tweet by Kenny Wallace said, “I’ve talked to Mike this morning. He is down in the dumps. Beat up badly and can’t see out of one eye. I WILL MAKE SURE THIS MAKES NEWS!!!!”  
Rascal Flatts released a statement on their Facebook page, writing, “We were so saddened to hear what happened to Mike Wallace and his daughter after the concert in Charlotte. Sending love and prayers for a fast recovery.”  
Mike Wallace made 197 starts with three top-five and 14 top-10 finishes during his career in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series.
/n