Laura Bell Bundy’s ‘Rustic’ Wedding Cake Is a Sight to Behold/n
Becky Fluke
The glam look that Laura Bell Bundy sported on her wedding day was rivaled only by that of her cake.
The Broadway star, who tied the knot to TBS executive Thom Hinkle at a horse racetrack in Arcadia, California last weekend, went back to her Kentucky roots when choosing the sweets on the menu. “In Kentucky we have something called Derby Pie. It’s basically a pecan pie with bourbon in the custard and chocolate chips,” Bundy told PEOPLE. “I asked the bakers if they could make cake that tasted like that, and they did!”
To make the cake, she tapped her friends, Cake Wars winners Stephen Lowry and Jared Sullivan of SHOWBOY BakeShop in Las Vegas. The confection they created was a 3-tier, gluten-free chocolate cake with bourbon pecan mousse filling layered with chocolate chips. The frosting on the cake was a vanilla bean buttercream, which was drizzled with bourbon confectioners’ glaze to create the trendy drip look on top.
Becky Fluke
“The cake was a design inspired by the rustic feel of the wedding, with equestrian elements hidden throughout the decadent chocolates and drizzles,” the bakers said. “The gold horseshoe topper was created by hand, and edible! We decided to make it two horseshoes intertwined into one heart.”
WATCH: DWTS‘ Mark Ballas and BC Jean’s ‘Majestic,’ 7-Tier Wedding Cake

Bundy and Hinkle, clearly avid sports fans, also had two cupcake towers—one with a University of Kentucky basketball topper for her, and another with a Yankees cap for him.
Becky Fluke
Want the ultimate dish on the latest celebrity food news, plus exclusive recipes, videos and more? Click here to subscribe to the People Food newsletter.
The southern-inspired desserts were just one way that the wedding exuded country vibes. “I picked [the venue] because I grew up around horse racing in Lexington, Kentucky. It’s a part of the culture there,” Bundy said. She also had custom-built barn door facades made by her stepfather from real Kentucky barn wood.
The couple each took a shot of Angel’s Envy bourbon at the beginning of the ceremony, “cause that’s how we do in Kentucky.”

Reporting by Colleen Kratofil

/n