Farrah Abraham Shows Off Belly In Barely-There Bikini Amid Pregnancy Rumors/n
Farrah Abraham may be keeping her possible pregnancy under wraps – but she’s putting her bump on full display! The Teen Mom OG star showed off her burgeoning belly in a barely there bikini.
Abraham showed off her stomach in a revealing green and gold bathing suit over Instagram.



#ad Ladies, some real talk here – @flattummytea kicks bloating hard. Bloating is sooo uncomfortable, both in how it feels and looks. I don’t use this tea for weight control, it’s not about that, it’s for flushing out toxins and cleansing your tummy. From there it completely gets rid of bloating, and gives you a flat tummy. It’s a staple for me, I literally take it everywhere, especially when I’m away from home when I know I can’t always eat super healthy. Anyway, would love to see and know if any of you have a similar issue and or experience, and make sure you go check them out at flattummytea.com – Let me know girls!
A post shared by Farrah Abraham (@farrah__abraham) on Jun 13, 2017 at 5:15pm PDT



As Radar readers know, Abraham sparked pregnancy rumors when she was spotted with a bump while on vacation with her on-again, off-again boyfriend, Simon Saran.
PHOTOS: Farrah, Catelynn & Amber Bury The Hatchet, Go On Triple Date In LA — Plus, Their MTV Movie Awards Outfits!
“She’s not pregnant,” he told Radar at the time. “I believe she had too much Dr. Pepper to drink for breakfast that left her looking bloated.”
But when her bump was spotted again in a sports bra, Saran changed his tune!
“Yes, she’s 26 and pregnant,” he told Radar, perhaps jokingly.
PHOTOS: Farrah Abraham Celebrates 25th Birthday With ‘Teen Mom’ Pal Jenelle Evans
Abraham has yet to confirm the rumors.
This would be the MTV star’s second child, as she’s mother to daughter Sophia, 8, with ex-boyfriend Derek Underwood. Underwood tragically died in a car accident when Abraham was pregnant.
Abraham wouldn’t be the only pregnant Teen Mom star, as Teen Mom 2’s Kailyn Lowry is expecting her third child in only a few weeks with ex-boyfriend Chris Lopez. She is also mother to Isaac with ex-boyfriend Jo Rivera, and Lincoln with ex-husband Javi Marroquin.
PHOTOS: Teen Mom Porn Star Farrah Abraham’s Sex Book Seems True To Life
The newest Teen Mom 2 star, Briana DeJesus, is also due to give birth in a few weeks. She is mother to daughter Nova with baby daddy Devoin Austin.
Do you think Abraham is pregnant? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n