Watch Kunal Nayyar's Heartfelt Tribute to His Big Bang Theory Co-Star Carol Ann Susi The Big Bang Theory cast lost one of their own last week when Carol Ann Susi, famous voice actress, lost her battle with cancer. The 62-year-old Susi p.../n
The Big Bang Theory cast lost one of their own last week when Carol Ann Susi, famous voice actress, lost her battle with cancer.The 62-year-old Susi played the voice of Howard's (Simon Helberg) mother, Mrs. Wolowitz, who was never seen onscreen, but was a core part of the show, and the stars are already missing her presence on set.Kunal Nayyar, who plays Raj on the hit CBS sitcom, appeared on The Ellen DeGeneres Show today to talk about losing Susi and gave a sincerely heartfelt tribute to his late co-star.Watch a clip of his interview with Ellen DeGeneres below now!

"Sadly, a couple of days ago, we lost one of our cast members," Nayyar said. "She's famous because of her voice. She unfortunately lost her battle with cancer. We will miss her and she was a lovely lady. Her spirit will live with us on set forever."In addition to his touching tribute to Susi, Nayyar also revealed a surprising and unique fact about her."She's the only person I know in Los Angeles who didn't drive," Nayyar said. "For 30 years, she didn't drive a car. She would take the bus to work at Big Bang!"Nayyar frequently gave her rides home, further proving that the cast of The Big Bang Theory is like a family, on set and off."We've been on the show for eight and a half years now and it's a dream come true," Nayyar said. "It's like a family and we're really blessed."

Following Susi's death, Warner Bros. Television and Big Bang Theory executive producers Chuck Lorre, Steve Molaro and Bill Prady released a joint statement."The Big Bang Theory family has lost a beloved member today with the passing of Carol Ann Susi, who hilariously and memorably voiced the role of Mrs. Wolowitz," they said. "Unseen by viewers, the Mrs. Wolowitz character became a bit of a mystery throughout the show's eight seasons. What was not a mystery, however, was Carol Ann's immense talent and comedic timing, which were on display during each unforgettable appearance. In addition to her talent, Carol Ann was a constant source of joy and kindness to all. Our thoughts and deepest condolences are with her family during this time, and we will miss her greatly."No decision has been made yet in regards to how the show will handle Susi's death onscreen.
/n