EXCLUSIVE! Reign Finale: Adelaide Kane on Francis' Fate, "Heartbroken" Fans and Why She Wants to Burn the Royal Wardrobe! We've already given you an exclusive sneak peek of the Mad Kings's crazy plan in tonight'.../n
Brace yourselves, Reign Fans.As you know, we've been obsessed with Reign since day one, and now we can't believe that the royal season finale is finally here! We know that many of you, like us, are currently counting down the hours until the series' sure-to-be-jaw-dropping hour graces our TV screens—so we're gifting you with something to make the wait much more bearable.We caught up with Reign's star and all-round lovely person Adelaide Kane at The CW's upfronts presentation on Thursday to gather exclusive spoilers from the queen herself. Read on (and watch!) for scoop on Francis' seemingly doomed fate, royal wardrobe problems and why fans will be "bawling hysterically" by the end of the hour.

We've already given you an exclusive sneak peek of the Mad Kings's crazy plan in tonight's finale, so the question remains: Could Francis (Toby Regbo) really die at the hand of his own father on Reign? Historically speaking we know that Mary's husband did die at a young age, but Kane teases that fans may not need to say their goodbyes to Fancis quite yet."We're not afraid of shying away from the historical facts, but I don't think that it is going to be coming for a while," the actress revealed. "They will probably be keeping Francis around for a while."Whether or not we lose Francis, The CW star spilled to E! News that tonight's finale will be a roller-coaster ride of emotions. "[Fans] are just going to cry," Kane darkly promised. "If they're not bawling hysterically and throwing pillows around their rooms, we haven't done our job. Especially our Frary shippers are going to be heartbroken." Wait, what?!Check out our full interview with the Reign star above for even more behind-the-scenes secrets and shocking revelations.Reign's season finale airs tonight at 9 p.m. on The CW.
/n