Bobbi Kristina Brown and Nick Gordon Were Both Listening to Whitney Houston Song Before Car Crashes, Says Grandmother (EXCLUSIVE)/n





                    Bobbi & Nick at Whitney Salute
                







See the two at Whitney Houston's salute

 MORE >>










                    FAVORITE WHITNEY SONGS
                







Celebrities reveal their most loved Whitney Houston tunes.

 MORE >>





 Talk about a coincidence.
Bobbi Kristina Brown and Nick Gordon were both listening to the same Whitney Houston song — “I Look To You” — when they were involved in separate car incidents on the same day, both are telling family and friends.
“A Whitney Houston song came on the radio and Nick said he just went into panic mode and his foot just went down on the accelerator,” Nick’s grandmother, Maxine Gordon, told Celebuzz.
Likewise, Maxine said, “Bobbi Kristina had been listening to ‘I Look To You’ when she was driving.”
The daughter of the late diva, 19, was cited by police in a suburb of Atlanta after her car veered off the road, down an embankment and hit a few trees before finally coming to a stop.
Miraculously, Bobbi Kristina was uninjured.

Gordon, 23, was arrested for reckless driving and speeding after he was clocked driving at 82 mph in a 35 mph residential zone on the Northpoint Parkway on Wednesday night.
According to TMZ, Gordon has been charged with reckless driving.
But “he wasn’t driving reckless,” his grandmother vowed.


Bobbi Kristina and Nick Gordon together in happier times






















3 Photos »


Hours before, a good Samaritan called 911 after they spotted Bobbi Kristina standing in an embankment beside her own totaled her Chevrolet Camaro near the Georgia home that she currently shares with Gordon, her “adopted” brother and costar of their reality show, The Houstons: On Our Own.
She tweeted on about the incident saying that her “personal guardian angel” was looking over her and that she was unharmed.


music icon whitney houston: her life in photos 








































49 Photos »


According to reports, Bobbi Kristina broke up with her fiancé Gordon before their crashes.
The publicly affectionate couple never officially confirmed their engagement, but a series of tweets from the two sibling-lovers have insinuated that the relationship is over.
“They’re going to do something to help themselves now and seek some help,” Maxine added.


jennifer hudson pays tribute to legendary singer whitney houston








































12 Photos »


The grandmother said she believes that the controversial young couple are still struggling to come to terms with famous singer Houston’s unexpected death, at age 48, in Los Angeles at the Beverly Hilton Hotel on Feb. 11.
“They’re still emotional and both really miss Whitney and love her very much,” she said.
“Sometimes you need to hit a cement wall (in life). I mean, he could have killed somebody. Nick is a kind person, but he’s lost and so is Bobbi Kristina.
“When Whitney was here, they were good for each other. But now they’re not… He felt that love for her and she leaned on him for comfort. I guess that’s the way the cookie crumbles sometimes.”
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n