Two Young Boys Who Lost Their Father On MH Flight 370 Are Suing Malaysia Airlines AND The Government/n

They want answers. Who could blame them?
A 13-year-old named Jee Kinson and an 11-year-old named Jee Kinland lost their father on Malaysia Flight 370 that disappeared a few months ago.
[ Related: Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17: Everything Known So Far ]
And the two siblings have officially become the first relatives to sue Malaysia Airlines and the Malaysian government for what happened. 
They're accusing the civil aviation department of "negligence for failing to try and contact the plane within a reasonable time after it disappeared from radar while flying from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing on March 8 with 239 people on board."
The lawsuit was recently filed at Kuala Lumpur High Court, and it also accuses the airline of negligence and says they didn't take enough measures to make sure the flight was a safe one.
The boys are looking to be awarded damages for "mental distress, emotional pain, and the loss of support following the disappearance of their father, Jee Jing Hang.
Here's what their lawyer Arunan Selvaraj said:

"We have waited for eight months. After speaking to various experts, we believe we have sufficient evidence for a strong case. A big plane missing in this age of technology is really unacceptable."
Another relative whose mother was on the plane, Steve Wang said:

"We are examining the laws to figure out how to best bring our cases — for example, if we should file the suits in Malaysia. But without knowing where the plane is, evidence is lacking, and there are still possibilities that things may change. For now, it looks very difficult for us to bring a suit against the Malaysian government and its military."
One aviation lawyer however isn't sure how strong the boys' case is. Jeremy Joseph said:

"It's going to be quite challenging as the plane has not been recovered. Without knowing the cause of the incident, it's all very speculative."
We bet the airline company and the government will be retaining super powerful lawyers, and that may make this case extremely hard for these boys to win.
No matter what though, no amount of compensation can replace their father.
Such a sad series of events.
[Image via AP Images.]
/n