Octomom Poses Nude for Rent Money/nOctomom is so desperate for money, she did what she swore she would never do -- pose nude for cash.Nadya Suleman is days away from being homeless ... the house she owns that has been in and out of foreclosure for more than a year will be sold at an auction Thursday ... so Octo needs a new crib for her brood ... stat.The dilemma -- getting first and last month's rent together, so Octo has gone naked. She posed for the European magazine,  "Closer. "  Sources tell TMZ ... Octo got $10,000 for the shoot, which is what she needs to rent a new place.Octo is being very up front now about some misgivings about having 14 kids, saying,  "I'm doing that (posing nude) because I need to feed my kids. I need to pay the bills. And I'm still very cognizant of the repercussions of my choices. "It's not the first time Octo has been offered cash for skin ... porn giant Vivid Entertainment offered Suleman a $1,000,000 contract back in 2009 ... which she rejected.    Little Ricky on  "I Love Lucy " 'MEMBA HIM?! Keith Thibodeaux became famous for playing Lucille Ball and Desi Arnaz's son, Little Ricky, on the classic '50s TV series  "I Love Lucy. " Guess what he looks like now!     Stars Without Makeup Gaga Tweets Natural Photo The over-the-top singer tweeted a surprisingly  "normal " photo yesterday, showing how she looks with minimal makeup.While Gaga looks great without all that face paint, the same can't be said for all celebs -- check out our gallery of makeup-free stars above!   Stars Stripped Down It's Spring-kini Season! Spring has officially sprung which can mean only one thing ... half-naked celebrity photos from all around the world! Check out some of the sexy starlettes that have started off the year right and busted out their bikini bodies in 2012!   Female Pop Stars of the '90s & '00s THEN & NOW! They dominated  "Total Request Live " back in the '90s and '00s -- but what do music video stars like Willa Ford, Natalie Imbruglia, Dream and t.a.t.u. look like today?Check out the gallery above to see how biggest female singers of yesteryear look now.   Celebrity Scramble GUESS WHO! Can you guess which Hollywood hottie is behind this warped photo?   Brian Austin Green, Megan Fox Sued For Alleged Brutality  On the Beach Brian Austin Green is being sued by a celebrity photographer who claims he was brutally beaten by the actor as his wife, Megan Fox, egged him on.Delbert Shaw claims in a lawsuit that will be filed this morning in L.A. County Superior Court ... he was taking pics of the smoking hot couple last December on the beach in front of the Four Seasons Resort in Hualalai, Hawaii ... when Brian and Megan allegedly made verbal threats against Shaw.  According to the suit, it escalated when Megan yelled to her hubby,  "Are you going to let him get away with that? "Shaw alleges Brian defended Megan's honor by hauling off and pummeling him, causing severe injuries. To add insult to injury, Shaw claims Brian threw his iPhone into the deep blue sea.Shaw says Megan was egging Brian on during the entire incident. He's suing for unspecified damages and is represented by attorney Sark Ohanian at the law firm of Carpenter, Zuckerman & Rowley, LLP in Beverly Hills. Calls to reps for Fox and Green were not returned.   Fergie Turns 37 See Her Sexiest Looks! Who would've imagined that cute Stacy Ferguson from  "Kids Incorporated " would become the single-named pop sensation known as Fergie?In honor of her 37th birthday, we're pulled together 37 of her sexiest looks!/n