Giuliana On The Chopping Block As 'Fashion Police' Looks To Shake Up Cast/n
Is Giuliana Rancic going out of fashion? After Margaret Cho joined the cast full-time, RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned that executives are looking to make even more changes to the cast that could mean the end of her reign.
“Executives and producers have been saying that they want another man besides Brad Goreski,” the insider said, adding, “It would make for a more balanced cast.”
Could Rancic be given the boot? She recently moved back to Chicago full time, and the insider said she just doesn’t seem as indispensible as she once was.
PHOTOS:Wasting Away? Giuliana Rancic ‘Won’t Even Talk’ About Weight Issues At Sydney Awards Show — 10 Shocking New Photos
“Some people feel that Giuliana isn’t really bring anything unique to the show anymore,” the source claimed. “She is not really a fashionista, and doesn’t have a lot of credibility in the industry.”
That would surely come as a blow to 41-year-old Rancic, who left her job as the host of E! News after backlash from Zendaya Coleman’s racial slur incident.
“Some people think Giuliana could lose the job that she is trying to hold on to,” the source told Radar.
PHOTOS: Skeletal No Matter What She Wears! Giuliana Rancic’s ASTRA Awards Outfit Changes Highlight Her Bony Frame — 8 Photos Of All The Looks
“To make matters worse, she does not even get along with Brad or Melissa Rivers as well anymore.”
So who does the network think would be a suitable male replacement for Rancic?
According to the source, “there are a few names being tossed around, one of which is E.J. Johnson.”
PHOTOS: ‘Fashion Police’ Scandal Taking A Toll On Giuliana & Bill’s Marriage? Couple Looks Miserable While Out In L.A.
A rep for the network insisted, “There is no truth to the this. Giuliana is a co-host and consulting producer on the series and as our announcement stated last week, she will be returning in 2016.”
Do you think that Giuliana Rancic should be fired from Fashion Police? Tell us your thoughts in the comments below. /n