New Cancer Fears For 'Extremely Gaunt & Exhausted' Michael Douglas/n
Ravaged actor Michael Douglas‘s gaunt face, cloudy eyes and shockingly thin frame have renewed fears the savage cancer that nearly killed him in 2010 is back — and eating him alive!
Sources say the 5-foot-10 star has wasted away to a bony 134 pounds, igniting concerns the killer stage 4 tongue cancer he beat six years ago has returned to attack “another part of his body.”
Said an alarmed friend: “Michael’s health is always a big, dark cloud looming over his family.”
The 72-year-old Wall Street heartthrob’s tragic decline and weight plunge were evident in a family photo with wife Catherine Zeta-Jones, 47, and their kids Dylan, 16, and Carys, 13, at a California desert festival last month.
PHOTOS: Cameron Douglas’s New Nightmare! Inside The Halfway House Of Horrors
“Can’t breathe with excitement!!! A Desert trip of a lifetime!” gushed Zeta-Jones in an online post.
While his rep insists he was healthy enough to play in a celebrity golf tournament in China a few weeks ago, Dr. Jerome Spunberg, a Palm Beach Gardens, Fla., radiation oncologist who has not treated the star, spotted signs Douglas may have relapsed.
Checking recent photos, Dr. Spunberg says Douglas’ eyes appeared inflamed, a common side effect of radical therapy, and “he doesn’t look like a healthy guy.”
After examining photos of Douglas on his Chinese outing, acclaimed New York City internist Dr. Stuart Fischer describes Michael as “extremely gaunt and exhausted, which are complications both of recurring cancer and treatment for the illness.” He’s so skinny, his famous face is wrinkled and his cheeks are sunken.
PHOTOS: Douglas Family In Danger? Michael’s Son Joined Mafia While In Prison, Insiders Claim
“Cancer requires more calories than normal cells, and that’s how it starves the patients to death,” said Dr. Fischer, who hasn’t treated Douglas.
Douglas seems to be planning for the end by dishing out funds from his $300 million fortune to his kids, sources told Radar.
One insider said the actor wants to give bipolar Zeta-Jones, who’s starring in the new FX series Feud, “fewer things to worry about when he’s gone.”
Hollywood sources have speculated Zeta-Jones may be getting restless. She and Douglas split temporarily in 2013, blaming the stress of their illnesses.
PHOTOS: Prison Pecs! Cameron Douglas Bares All In Raunchy Social Media Snaps
While Douglas insisted they were “stronger than ever” when they reconciled, tongues were wagging she was putting herself back on the market after posting a sexy selfie this summer from St. Tropez, where they were vacationing.
As Radar reported, Douglas’s cancer battle began when a walnut-sized tumor was discovered in this throat six years ago. He underwent eight weeks of chemo and radiation therapy, which licked the disease but sucked 30 pounds from his frame.
He recalled his docs chillingly warning him, if the treatments hadn’t worked, “you may have to have surgery and you may not have much of a film career” because they would “have to remove part of your jaw.
“I remember my initial reaction was: ‘Could this be a death sentence?'”
PHOTOS: Cancer-Stricken Shannen Doherty Shaves Her Head Bald
He now claims to be cured, but the treatment did affect his lifestyle.
“Red wine does not taste as good,” he once said. “I can do beer.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n