EXCLUSIVE VIDEO: New Moon Cast Mall Tour Live/n
The lucky fans at the New Moon Mall Tour and Hot Topic signing on Friday night at Hollywood & Highland in Los Angeles were treated to a special surprise appearance by Rob Pattinson, Kristen Stewart and Taylor Lautner and RadarOnline.com was on hand to see Rob-mania. The three stars of the movie caused the crowd to go wild when they appeared on stage and thanked the Twilight fans for their adoration.  RPattz, Kristen and Taylor introduced their cast mates to the crowd and the rest of the New Moon actors spent more than twenty minutes answering fan questions.    VIDEO:  RPattz, Kristen & Taylor At The Mall Tour
Stryker, the host (who was wearing the same shirt as RPattz!) had almost the entire cast on stage for the Q&A session. Kellan Lutz, Cameron Bright, Kiowa Gordon, Bronson Pelletier, Chaske Spencer, Jamie Campbell Bower, Alex Meraz, Ashley Greene, Nikki Reed, Elizabeth Reaser and Billy Burke all joked around but also gave heartfelt thanks to the large crowd.      
Watch New Moon TV Ad
“Do you guys think of the Twilight Saga as a vampire story or more of a love story?”  Nikki Reed, who plays Rosalie, promptly answered “Love story.” Nikki also gave a teaser about Eclipse: “We got to shoot the entire flashback sequence, telling my story, which was really cool. And Jack Huston is awesome!”
PHOTOS:  Ashley Greene and Kellan Lutz Get Sexy On Halloween
“What did you guys do in Italy on your days off?” Ashley Greene, with her long locks and in a short dress smiled as she answered “We hung out and ate and drank a lot. New Moon is so good in Italy”
Kellan Lutz, wearing a Team Emmett t-shirt, told the crowd how lucky he feels to be a part of Twilight. “We’ve just had so much fun being our characters and bringing it to life for you guys.”  
PHOTOS: Kellan Lutz Out In LA
Check out what the Wolf Pack had to say about being the new kids on the set, what everyone’s favorite movies and bands are, and other details that everyone wanted to know about the New Moon cast. /n