 'Table Flipping B**h!' Watch Jac Laurita SLAM Teresa & Melissa In EPIC Vermont Battle.../n
The ladies brought the tension to Vermont on last week’s episode of RHONJ , but they really got into it on this week’s episode!
Dolores Catania decided to take it upon herself to kick Robyn off the trip before the group dinner, citing Teresa Giudice‘s probation “no fighting” rule. Melissa Gorga wasn’t buying it though, and Joe Gorga proclaimed, “it’s like a soap opera around here!”
Melissa takes it open herself to tell Giudice that her friends want Robyn to go, prompting Robyn to pack up her things to “diffuse” the situation.
“If Jacqueline feels threatened, she should go home,” Giudice asserted, noting she was “totally playing the victim.”
PHOTOS: Crisis Mode! Kim Richards’ Inner Circle Considering 5150 Hold After Her Arrest — Can She Be Saved?
“Rage all over your own ass, bye!” she exclaimed in her confessional.
Meanwhile, Catania and Siggy Flicker tried to reason with Jacqueline Laurita, who busted into tears immediately.
“I just got my period this morning, so that’s part of it,” Laurita reasoned before the ladies headed out to a seemingly nice dinner.
The women all arrived at the restaurant, and Giudice immediately ripped into Laurita for pressuring Robyn and Christina to leave.
PHOTOS: Kim Richards’ Pitbull Mauled An 80-Year-Old Family Friend – See The Photos! 
“I didn’t ask them to leave,” Laurita snapped.
The group’s resident relationship expert tried to get involved at that point, but it was useless at the women began to explode on each other.
Laurita tried to flee the restaurant, but her husband Chris jumped to her defense to tell Giudice her anger was from a place of love. But Laurita still couldn’t get a grasp on her anger, and called Giudice a “table flipping b**h” (while also telling Gorga she’s had four nose jobs, and she knows because they go to the same doctor).
Laurita even tried to call Kim D. to go over Strippergate, but her husband told her it wasn’t a good idea. In the end, she settles on calling Gorga a “fake, phony b**h.”
PHOTOS: ‘There Isn’t A Day … I Don’t Think Of Him’: 6 Photos Of ‘RHOBH’ Star Kim Richards’ Murdered Fiancé
Finally, Gorga revealed that Laurita told her about the stripper set-up first — not Giudice. Giudice tried to defend herself, sending Laurita into another anger-filled spiral.
“I’m so disgusted with both of them, they’re trying to re-write history,” she explained in her interview.
Watch The Video On RadarOnline

She then decides to leave, prompting Catania to finally order Buffalo wings.
But the women still aren’t over the drama — with Flicker exclaiming, “we’re adults. I’m in menopause!” in her confessional.
Back in Jersey, Joe Giudice ordered in food for Gia, Gabriella, Milania, and Audriana — and in a heartwarming moment, Audriana broke down over Joe’s pending prison sentence.
“Don’t worry, I’ll get skinny,” Joe tried reassuring her, while Milania insisted that he’s “bigger than most pregnant people.”
PHOTOS: ‘RHONJ’ War! Teresa & Melissa Not Invited To Jacqueline’s B-Day Party
The drama in Vermont is still going on, as Laurita decided it was finally time to move on from her relationship with Giudice and leave Vermont. Flicker finally cracked under the pressure of being on the trip, revealing that “if Jersey wasn’t eight hours away [she’d] start walking now!
The next morning Catania cracks as well, telling Gorga and Giudice that she’s had enough and is leaving with Flicker.
Then, Gorga and Giudice are finally alone and have a heart-to-heart on a gondola ride up to the mountains.
Watch RHONJ to see what happens next, Sundays at 8 p.m. EST on Bravo.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n