TV Casting Update: Nicole Scherzinger About to Hit the Dance Floor, Jason Lee Turns up the Music/n





                    Nicole Scherzinger’s Leather-Bound Assets Are on Display
                







Girl is confident!

 MORE >>





We’ve combed the internet in search of the latest TV casting news and compiled all the new roles you need to hear about. There’s fresh parts on the way for Jason Lee, Kate Levering and Nicole Scherzinger!

As you might already know, Sarah Michelle Gellar has signed on to reprise her role as Kathryn Merteuil in the TV reboot of Cruel Intentions. Well, NBC has found the actress who be taking on Reese Witherspoon’s role in the pilot. Drop Dead Divas star Kate Levering will play the part of Annette Hargrave Casey. The show will follow Bash (Taylor John Smith), Casey’s son. After Bash’s supposed father dies suddenly, Bash discovers the journal from the film and learns that Sebastian Valmont (originally played by Ryan Phillippe) is his real father. Soon Bash is immersed in Kathryn’s world of power, sex and corruption. [Entertainment Weekly]


Reese Witherspoon on Set in Malibu, California








































8 Photos »


The cast of the Dirty Dancing TV remake is nearly complete. Nicole Scherzinger will play Penny. As we previously reported, Colt Prattes will be taking on Patrick Swayze’s role as Johnny while Abigail Breslin will step into Jennifer Grey’s shoes as Baby. Just a refresher, Penny is Johnny’s dancing partner at the Catskill Mountains resort until Johnny falls for Baby. [The Hollywood Reporter]
Jason Lee, the star of My Name Is Earl, has signed on to star in a CBS comedy pilot titled What Goes Around Comes Around. Lee will play Kenny who owns a music management company. He and his wife Robin were pretty wild in their younger years; now they must face raising three rebellious teenagers of their own. [Deadline]


Shirtless Ryan Phillippe Vacations in Mexico








































6 Photos »


/n