Champagne & Pink Panties: Amy Roloff Spoiled With Sexy Gifts At 'Grandma Shower'/n
Get ready, Chris!
On last night’s episode of Little People, Big World, Amy Roloff’s girlfriends threw the reality TV matriarch a lavish “Grandma Shower” ahead of the birth of her two grandchildren — but her boyfriend, Chris Marek, was the one who really got lucky.
Amy’s pals Lisa and Deb invited 19 of their closest friends to the grandmother-to-be’s Oregon home to help her prepare for the babies’ arrivals. In addition to gushing over cute onesies and blankets, the ladies celebrated more in the style of a Bachelorette bash.
PHOTOS:Cheating Scandal? Matt Roloff Admitted He Didn’t Make Commitment A Priority
Amy, 52, and her crew sipped champagne and played a game of “pin the panties on the granny,” a much raunchier version of “pin the tail on the donkey.”
Then, after Amy opened all her G-rated presents, Lisa brought out one more gift.
“You’re also a dating grandma, right? We have a special surprise,” she coyly said as she handed Amy a package. (The mom of four has been dating Chris for over six months after finalizing her divorce from ex-husband Matt in early 2016.)
PHOTOS: ‘Little People, Big World’s Jacob Roloff Quits Show, Exposes Family’s Reality Fakery!
“Oh my gosh!” said a nervous Amy as she unwrapped black tissue paper.
Inside was a sexy pale pink teddy and thong!
“Do I even have boobs to full this out?” Amy marveled, blushing.
PHOTOS: ‘Little People,’ Big Feud! Rebel Son Jacob Roloff’s 10 Biggest Disses To His Family
“I was a little embarrassed,” the shy reality star admitted to the cameras. “Like, Lisa, what are you doing? You should have given this to me in private!”
Luckily for the shy Amy, one surprise did not materialize. Lisa earlier threatened to arrange for Chris to pop out of a cake in a G-string!
After all the fun and games, she concluded that she was “very blessed.”
PHOTOS: Other Woman! Trans Model Martyr Steps Out After ‘Little Women: LA’ Sexting Scandal
In another much more uncomfortable moment, Amy was forced to sit down with ex Matt, 55, and his assistant-turned-girlfriend, Caryn Chandler, 49, to work out some matters on the family farm.
Matt and Amy bickered over the cost of installing a sandbox as Caryn offered not-so-welcome suggestions.
“The Matt and Caryn thing is what it is,” Amy told the cameras. “It’s a little awkward with someone who works on the farm, is your employee, and also is a friend. It’s like the Twilight Zone! I’m still grappling with that fact.”
PHOTOS: Brain Surgery, Car Wrecks & Painkillers: Inside ‘Little People, Big World’s Scary Medical Crises
Fortunately, Amy had plenty to distract herself from the awkward encounter — good friends and an even better party!
Now, months after the filming, Amy’s son Zach, 27, and his wife Tori have welcomed a baby son, Jackson. And she’s still super serious with boyfriend Chris.
For all the latest Roloff news, keep reading Radar.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n