Stars Fear Sofia Vergara's Embryo Case May Give Birth To New Wave Of Lawsuits!/n
Hollywood is bracing for a massive disaster as a result of the bizarre case where Sofia Vergara is being sued by her own embryos!
The Modern Family bombshell has been sued by her ex-fiance Nick Loeb on behalf of the two frozen female eggs he fertilized with his sperm.
“Stars are worried that if Nick Loeb wins this case, a potential slew of other exes will emerge to shake them down for support money in similar situations!”
The 44-year-old Colombia beauty and Loeb created two fertilized eggs, also known as “pre-embryos,” via IVF when they were still together in 2013.
PHOTOS: Lawsuits, Arrests, & More! Inside ‘Selfish’ Michael Strahan’s Biggest Scandals
After the couple split the following year, Loeb tried to sue Vergara in California for CUSTODY of the embryos, but was unsuccessful.
However, the NEW suit is being leveled in Louisiana with the support of a Pro Life group — in a state that recognizes the rights of unborn children as people.
And legal experts believe that the impact could be significant!
“Right now, there’s no legislation addressing our new reproductive frontier,” said Manhattan lawyer Martha Cohen Stine, who is not involved in the case but who advises couples in similar situations.
PHOTOS: Lawsuits, Cheating Rumors & More! Teresa Giudice’s Most Shocking Post-Prison Scandals
The suits calls for the frozen embryos be given to Loeb so that they can live and receive the trust set up for them, which would fund, among other things, their health care and education, sources said.
While the embryos are being stored in Los Angeles, their trust was created in Louisiana. As a result — the embryos have the RIGHT to sue Sofia — and claim a massive inheritance on her $100 million fortune!
“This could set the precedent for anybody who engaged in similar arrangements, to have exes come after them for child support for embryos!”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n