Filmmakers Defend Keira Knightley After Begin Again Director Blasted Her For Bad Acting!/n

Keira Knightley is an utterly spectacular talent, despite what one director has to say!
Last week, the actress was put on blast by John Carney, who directed the actress in his 2013 romance Begin Again.
During press for his new movie, the Irish filmmaker claimed that Knightley was a "supermodel" who didn't have the "honesty and self analysis" he thinks is required to be a legit film actor.
Related: Keira Suffered An Injury So Bad Her Broadway Show Was Cancelled!
But Carney's opinions about Keira seem to be the vast minority, because other directors who worked with the actress are coming out of the woodwork to defend the 31-year-old!
Filmmakers Mark Romanek, Lynn Shelton, Lorene Scafaria, and Massy Tadjedin all took to Twitter to defend the actress and condemn Carney's "untrue" remarks.
Romanek, who directed Knightley in Never Let Me Go, wrote: 

My experience with #keiraknightley was utterly spectacular on every level. I have no clue what this guy is talking about. #arrogantshithead
— mark romanek (@markromanek) May 30, 2016
Shelton, who directed Keira in Laggies, shared:

Working with #KeiraKnightley was magnificent, top to bottom. She is the real deal. #Knightleylove
— Lynn Shelton (@lynnsheltonfilm) May 30, 2016

Scafaria, who directed the actress in Seeking a Friend for the End of the World, wrote:

.@Lieryn @markromanek I agree with Mark. Keira was a joy to work w/. Present & easy & really, really good at her job. Just lovely.
— Lorene Scafaria (@LoreneScafaria) May 30, 2016

And Tadjedin, who wrote The Jacket and wrote/directed Last Night had a perfect response to Carney, writing:

I've worked with Keira twice and couldn't find John Carney's remarks more untrue or inelegant. They reveal so much more about him than her.
— Massy Tadjedin (@MTadjedin) May 30, 2016


What you need, as an actor, or any artist, is trust. From these unfortunate remarks, I doubt John Carney ever engendered that.
— Massy Tadjedin (@MTadjedin) May 30, 2016


As for the mention of an "entourage," Keira doesn't have one. But it clearly still stands out when a woman employs even a single person.
— Massy Tadjedin (@MTadjedin) May 30, 2016

We think these directors' words, along with Knightley's work, speaks for itself — she is an Oscar nominee, after all!
[Image via SHOTPRESS/WENN.]
/n