Angelina Declares War On Perez Hilton — He Fires Back: 'Suck My D*ck!'/n
Angelina Jolie is threatening to sue Perez Hilton over his recent reporting on her divorce from Brad Pitt — but the blogger isn’t going down without a fight!
Posting a screenshot of an email correspondence with Jolie’s lawyers, Bert Fields and Priya Sapori, who had asked him to change certain content in an online article, Hilton revealed that he had no intention of making any adjustments.
“In other news, #AngelinaJolie’s lawyers at Greenberg Glusker have just threatened to sue me for my coverage of her split from #BradPitt,” the 38-year-old wrote alongside the screen grab.
PHOTOS: Angelina Jolie’s Secret Struggle – How She Hid Her Cancer Battle From The World In 16 Clicks
“ME!! I have always been one of Angelina Jolie’s loudest and strongest supporters and defenders!!!!! This was my email back to Angelina’s lawyers, #BertFields and #PriyaSapori. Glad I’m not running for president!!”





 In other news, #AngelinaJolie's lawyers at Greenberg Glusker have just threatened to sue me for my coverage of her split from #BradPitt. ME!! I have always been one of Angelina Jolie's loudest and strongest supporters and defenders!!!!! This was my email back to Angelina's lawyers, #BertFields and #PriyaSapori. Glad I'm not running for president!!
A photo posted by Perez Hilton (@theperezhilton) on Oct 8, 2016 at 1:48pm PDT



In the email itself, Hilton got very candid, even telling Jolie’s attorneys: “F*** U. And suck my d***!”
“Unless [Angelina] wants to turn me into an enemy, I want an apology right now,” he also wrote. “I did nothing illegal. We stand 100% behind our reporting.”
PHOTOS: Childhood Heartbreak! Angelina Jolie’s Secret Family Tragedy Revealed — 12 Never-Before-Seen Family Photos
As Radar readers know, Jolie filed for divorce earlier this month, citing irreconcilable differences. The 41-year-old, who stated that the couple separated September 15, is seeking full physical custody of the couple’s six children, Maddox, Pax, Zahara, Shiloh, Vivienne, and Knox.
For now, the couple has come to a tentative custody agreement that requires therapy sessions, drug tests, and Jolie’s temporary full physical custody of the kids.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n