Trapped Inside His Parents' Home! Charlie Sheen Forced On Medical Detox/n
Charlie Sheen has been forced to under go a medical detox inside his parents’ home, as the HIV-positive actor‘s downward spiral continues, RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal.
“Apparently Charlie has spent the last 2-3 weeks out in seclusion at his parents Malibu home,” a source exclusively told Radar. “He has had 24-hour care with doctors and nurses and is under a medical detox.”
According to the insider, the disgraced star has an “IV in his arm, [and is] being given Valium and other drugs to help him get off the alcohol without having a seizure. There are also vitamins in the IV as well.”
PHOTOS: Charlie Sheen Says He Used Drugs & Alcohol Heavily After HIV+ Diagnosis
“Charlie’s parents have made it clear: no visitors, no exceptions,” several of Sheen’s pals have told the source.
As Radar reported, Sheen announced he was HIV positive in 2015, sending shockwaves through Hollywood — especially among his former costars.
Jenny McCarthy famously criticized Sheen after he didn’t disclose his HIV-positive status to her during her time playing his love interest on Two and a Half Men.
PHOTOS: Charlie Sheen’s Expertise Of Hiring Prostitutes, Hiding Porn, Drug Meltdowns & More In Jon Cryer’s New Book
“I feel like in playing a love interest, you would think there would be some type of — I don’t want to say criminal issue — but I don’t even know how to feel about that,” McCarthy said on her SiriusXM show. “I was like, ‘Wait a second, if I have to be upfront about a herpe, how could you not be upfront about HIV? I look back and I’m like, ‘OK, that would have been some valuable information.’ I mean, look how many people have played his love interest on the show.”
But Sheen hit back during a recent interview with The Kyle and Jackie O Show, slamming McCarthy’s comments.
“. . .She’s like, ‘I kissed him! I touched him!’ And I was like, ‘B***h! Your math sucks, I didn’t have it then !'”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n