Cutest Royal Siblings! Princess Estelle and Prince Oscar Celebrate Sweden’s National Day with New Photos/n
Erika Gerdemark, The Royal Court, Sweden
Royals in costume!
Sweden’s Royal Palace released adorable new photos of Princess Estelle and Prince Oscar to mark Nationaldagen, the country’s annual national day on Tuesday.
The high-spirited 5-year-old daughter of Crown Princess Victoria and Prince Daniel is pictured in traditional blue, yellow and white Swedish national dress.
But there’s one element of the traditional Swedish costume — known as a Sverigedräkten — that Estelle is too young to wear: the hat! 
The striking head scarf is only worn by Swedish princesses once they’re married. Queen Silvia, Crown Princess Victoria, Princess Madeleine and Princess Sofia all posed with their husbands for a photo shoot of their own — with the women wearing the traditional ensemble, too. 
Karin TˆRnblom/IBL via ZUMA
Then, with Sweden-spirited blue-and-yellow flowers in hand, the royal family went outside for more celebrations for the country’s National Day. 
ohan Jeppsson/IBL via ZUMA
And though Estelle didn’t get a hat, she did wear a blue-and-yellow braided headband for a carriage ride through the streets of Stockholm.

And Prince Carl Philip wore a uniform of his own — a Navy uniform! — for the occasion. 
Utrecht Robin/action press/REX/Shutterstock
This isn’t the first time this season that the young princess has rocked a costume! Last month, she sported face paint while backstage with rock legends, KISS. 
Source: KISS/Twitter
Not to be outdone, little brother Oscar got in on the fun in the second royal photo. The prince, who turned 1 in March, looks cute and casual in a striped top with light-colored trousers and white shoes.
Erika Gerdemark, The Royal Court, Sweden
Both pictures were taken on the lush grounds at Haga Palace, where the children live with their parents.
The royal family is expected to attend traditional celebrations with the rest of the royal family at Stockholm’s Djurgården Island later this evening.
FROM PEN: Raising a Little Princess: All About Charlotte’s Amazing Childhood

During a trip to Japan in April, Crown Princess Victoria described how she is preparing her daughter for her future responsibilities as the nation’s queen.
“Estelle knows that I’m here … we’ve discussed fishing, Japan, nature and ecology and how it all fits together,” Princess Victoria said.
“[Estelle] was very interested and receptive,” she added. “I think we have an obligation as parents and adults to stimulate curiosity.”
/n