Will Smith Only Has Nice Things to Say About Janet Hubert/n





                    Janet Hubert Explains Her Decades-Old Beef With Will Smith
                







It's a battle of the former co-stars. 

 MORE >>










                    Janet Hubert Shades Will Smith
                







The 'Fresh Prince' battle ensues.

 MORE >>





Someone is taking the higher road.

Even though Janet Hubert, who was the original Aunt Viv on Fresh Prince of Bel-Air before she was replaced with Daphne Maxwell Ried in 1993, recently slammed the Will Smith and his family for boycotting the Oscars, Smith only has nice things to say about his former co-star.
In a recent interview with BBC Radio 1Xtra, the 47-year-old told the host that Hubert is a “brilliant” artist with a sense of “powerful dignity” about her. Though it’s clear that Hubert has had a longstanding feud with the star, Smith refrained himself from speaking ill of the actress.
“I think when you make a show, anytime you make a change, it’s going to be excruciating and painful,” Smith explained of their history. “I think that Janet Hubert brought a really powerful dignity to the show.”
“I think she is brilliant,” he continued. “As an artist, there’s so many things that she does. She sings, she dances, she’s like a really powerful artist so I love what she brought to the Fresh Prince.”


Where's the Beef? Celebrity Feuds Over the Years








































16 Photos »


In January, Hubert lashed out at Smith’s wife, Jada Pinkett Smith, after she announced that she will not be attending the Oscars because of this year’s lack of diversity in its nominations.
“I find it ironic that somebody who has made their living and made millions and millions of dollars from the very people that you’re talking about boycotting just because you didn’t get a nomination, just because you didn’t win?” Hubert said in a video at the time. “That is not the way life works, baby.”
“Maybe you didn’t deserve a nomination,” said of Smith. ‘I didn’t think, frankly, you deserved a Golden Globe nomination with that accent, but you got one.”


Will Smith and Jada Pinkett Smith Through the Years








































22 Photos »


/n