Trendsetters at Work: Eileen Fisher Effortless, causal and always comfortable—sound familiar? We're talking about Eileen Fisher of course, a fashion brand that's all about dressing the everyday woman in expertly designed and always.../n
Effortless, causal and always comfortable—sound familiar? We're talking about Eileen Fisher of course, a fashion brand that's all about dressing the everyday woman in expertly designed and always sophisticated styles. Does it get any better than that?At the helm of the label's image is Brand Merchandiser Nicole Benuska, who works tirelessly on every facet of the brand from styling collections to visiting Eileen Fisher's many stores across the country. But that's not all—read on to find out what a typical day in the office is like for Nicole!What was your very first job? How did you get started in your career? I started in a boutique working in retail sales and buying. It was an amazing experience getting to work with small designers, building lasting relationships with customers and learning all the many facets of the retail business.

What's a typical workday like for you? I know people say this a lot but there is no typical. Being a part of a fashion design team working on bringing a season to life makes my job exciting. From concept to launch, every day I am styling and editing the collection, partnering with the sales team, reviewing footwear samples, or visiting stores.Describe your office décor. What was your inspiration? Did you decorate it yourself? I am rarely at my desk because I work with the clothes all day. Since I am on the go quite often I travel with my Smythson planner (monogrammed thanks to a work trip to London), iPad and iPhone 6. At my desk, I have created a "mood board" that's ever-changing and features many visual inspirations that help feed my creative thinking. I also have a great view of the neighborhood rooftops and water towers.List five things that are on your desk right now: A beloved ceramic mug that I use as a pen holder made by my aunt (who's an amazing potter), washi tape, an avocado tree my co-worker is growing in my window, a shell from the beach in Hawaii (where I'm from) and lots and lots of lip balms (my obsession).

What do you typically wear to work? I love beautiful fabrics and yarns so in the winter my "go-tos" are the Eileen Fisher chunky knit sweaters, in cashmere of course. I'm from the West Coast so I tend to wear jeans a lot, but I do love a great slim ponte pant. My color pallet is pretty neutral which has its perks as everything goes together seamlessly. I sometimes add a bright accessory for fun.What are your favorite stores to shop for work clothes?   Eileen Fisher, Dosa, Creatures of Comfort and Barneys.

Finish the sentence… Today for lunch I had… City Bakery salad bar... yum. The first place I log onto every day is… Instagram. The beauty product you can always find in my purse is… an array of lip balms. My must-have work gadget is… iPhone 6. My usual Starbucks order is… iced green tea. If I need a quick break during work, I usually… take a walk through ABC carpet or walk the Union Square Farmer's market. If I wasn't doing this job, I would be… a photographer. The best part of my job is… being surrounded by beautiful clothing and people.
/n