Gotham Actor Donal Logue Makes Open Plea To Missing Child On Twitter: 'Please Come Home'/n

The search continues for Donal Logue's missing child.
New York City Police are looking into the missing person's report filed for the Gotham actor's 16-year-old child Jade, who went missing at Barclays Center in Brooklyn on Monday.
Related: Mariah Carey Caught In The Middle Of International Corruption Scandal!
On Thursday, the 51-year-old actor took to Twitter in hopes of his child's safe return.
He retweeted a post from a different account, but added his own message, writing: 

Jade. we miss you and love you. please come home. If you can see this, just know I love and miss you dearly https://t.co/2s6A7OAGq6
— donal logue (@donallogue) June 30, 2017
A police spokesperson confirmed that Jade, who also goes by Arlo, was reported missing Tuesday morning after the teen "went to meet a friend and did not return home."
Officials didn't confirm if they have been in touch with Jade's friend, but say the teen was wearing a green sweatshirt at the time.
Related: Chris Cornell's Widow Says He 'Got Mean' In Final Conversation
Logue sent multiple tweets throughout the week in hopes of locating his child, urging anyone with information to call a hotline number. Those tweets, however, have since been deleted, including one with a link to a page set up on missingkids.com.
The actor's ex-wife Kasey Smith also tweeted about her missing child, asking her Twitter followers for any leads on Jade's whereabouts. Along with a recent photo of herself with the teen, she wrote:

This is my child Jade Logue. She's been missing since Monday from the NY/Brooklyn area. Message me or @donallogue please. pic.twitter.com/eMndtfKpZj
— Kasey Smith (@kaseykaseysmith) June 29, 2017
Absolutely devastating.
Our hearts go out to this family in hopes that Jade makes a safe return. Per the authorities:
"Anyone with information in regards to this missing person is asked to call the NYPD's Crime Stoppers Hotline at 800-577-TIPS or for Spanish 1-888-57-PISTA (74782). The public can also submit their tips by logging onto the Crime Stoppers website or texting their tips to 274637(CRIMES) then enter TIP577."
[Image via Missing Kids/Ivan Nikolov/WENN.]
/n