Val Kilmer’s Cancer Fight Might Not Be Over Yet!/n
Cancer-cured Val Kilmer is facing a fresh medical horror: The deadly tumors that devoured his face may have spread through his body!
That is the opinion of a renowned oncologist who warned if Christian Scientist Kilmer continues to put off traditional medicine — relying instead on prayer-based healing — he could die!
“If the cancer has spread beyond the head and the neck into the lymph nodes and other parts of the body, it’s rarely, if ever, curable,” said Dr. Jerome Spunberg, who has not treated Kilmer but reviewed his case for RadarOnline.com.
“He may have reached the point of no return.”
PHOTOS: Val Kilmer Spotted Looking Frail Amid Cancer Scandal
Radar first reported nearly two years ago the Top Gun star had a cancerous tumor in his throat — prompting Kilmer, 57, to deny the report and insist he’d never even had the disease!
Photos of Kilmer reveal his skeletal appearance and efforts to cover up his illness by wrapping his throat in scarves.
Last fall, Oscar winner Michael Douglas, who successfully waged his own battle with oral cancer, publicly urged his friend to seek medical care.
“Val is a wonderful guy who is dealing with exactly what I had …things don’t look too good for him,” the Wall Street star, 72, said in October. “My prayers are with him.”
PHOTOS: ‘My Tongue Swelled Up!’ Val Kilmer Struggles To Speak Amid Throat Cancer Rumors
Despite that, Kilmer continued his denials.
“I love Michael Douglas, but he is misinformed,” declared the star. “I ended up using a team at UCLA and have no cancer whatsoever. I still have a swollen tongue and am rehabbing steadily.”
But in April, the Batman Forever actor finally said he’d had a “healing of cancer”, insisting it was behind him thanks to the power of prayer.
He even spoke of plans to reprise his role as “Iceman” in the Top Gun sequel!
PHOTOS: Is Val OK? Kilmer Looks Gaunt On The Beach
“People that know I am a Christian Scientist make the assumption that I have somehow endangered myself,” he wrote in an online post to concerned fans. “But many, MANY people have been healed by prayer throughout recorded history.”
Still, Dr. Spunberg is insistent: “If Val is not seeking conventional treatment, but relying solely on faith healing, he would be denying himself life-saving treatment!”
Story developing.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n