Jay Z's Other Woman Finally REVEALED/n
Jay Z might have to call “Becky with the good hair” after this scandal explodes!
In a bombshell interview with The Daily Mail, Hollywood stylist Anthony Pazos dished on everything from Beyonce‘s famous “Becky” reference to sister Solange’s elevator brawl with Jay Z.
And according to the hair guru, who styled Bey for the VMAs and the Superbowl, the singer’s infamous “Sorry” lyrics were written about none other than Kardashian momager Kris Jenner!
“The rumors while we were working were that the one line ‘Becky with the good hair’ is Kris Jenner,” Pazos said.
PHOTOS: Divorce At Last? Beyonce Drops Marriage Bombshell On Jay Z During Family Vacation
Though Pazos claims there wan’t necessarily anything romantic going on between Jenner and Jay Z, it was obvious to Bey’s team that the pop star’s marriage was crumbling over another woman.
“The funny thing about it is that no one believes that because they are like Jenner is older — why would Jay-Z do that?” Pazos said. “But if you think about it, it makes perfect sense.”
“In the way that if you were going to be with. . .someone that they know interpersonally who has the same amount of money that they do, and so that’s the ‘rumor’ that was going around on our production while we were working with Bey. Take what you want from that.”
Later, he explained that Jay Z developed a close relationship with Jenner through her rapper son-in-law Kanye West. But considering her known taste for younger men — she’s currently dating much younger man Corey Gamble — it’s no wonder she was considered a threat.
PHOTOS: Rachel Roy, Rihanna & Rita Ora — The Beauties Jay Z’s Faced Cheating Claims Over
“Kris does have good hair and ‘Becky’ always refers to a white woman in the African American community. Becky is a generic white name for somebody — a white girl,” Pazos said.
Within Bey’s inner circle, Pazos claims there was plenty of talk about other women getting in the way.
“I’m not going to say anything about that. I can’t even. I mean, everyone knows that there was. Straight up, there was,” he said. “If you listen to her album it’s very telling to what she was feeling about those particular circumstances. If you listen to the words you know. She doesn’t talk to us about it.”
Of course, as Radar readers know, rumors of trouble in paradise first started in 2014, when Bey’s sister Solange attacked the rapper in an elevator after the gala. The security camera footage was leaked soon after the fight.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n