Scandalized TLC Star Toby Willis Sentenced To 40 Years In Prison After Pleading Guilty To Child Rape Charges/n

Justice has been served.
On Tuesday, former TLC star Toby Willis was sentenced to 40 years in prison after pleading guilty to four counts of child rape. It's said the scandalized Willis patriarch was hit with two 25-year sentences for two of the counts, in addition to, two 40-year sentences for the other two. We know, you're probably questioning our math, but Toby will serve the judgements concurrently.
Video: Watch Shia LaBeouf's Racially Charged Rant In NSFW Arrest Video!
We can't say we're surprised to learn the 47-year-old's been hit with a lengthy sentence. In case you forgot, The Willis Family celeb was arrested back in September after being investigated by Tennessee Bureau of Investigation for his involvement in the sexual abuse of a young girl. Willis was booked in Greenville, KY after hitchhiking there to evade arrest.
According to The Tennessean, Toby's victim was somewhere between the age of 9 and 12 when the abuse occurred approximately 12 years ago. How awful.
And it appears as though the Willis clan has distanced themselves from the criminal reality TV personality as their family attorney, named Bill Speek, noted in a statement:
"The Willis family would like to thank their family, friends and fans for the outpouring of love and support during this most difficult year. Additionally, the Willis family would like to thank the many members of law enforcement for their detailed and comprehensive investigation of this matter. Finally, the family would like to thank the District Attorney's office for their diligence and sensitivity in the handling of this case. The family has remained fully cooperative throughout the investigation. Although the criminal case has concluded with Toby Willis receiving 40 years for the crimes he committed, the impact on the victims will remain much longer. The family is appreciative and grateful that people have respected their need for privacy during this trying time and asks for continued respect as they seek to move forward."
It's safe to say a bad man has gone away for a long time — so we're not losing sleep over this.
[Image via Muhlenberg County Detention Center.]
/n