Joseph Duggar Slammed For Lavish Wedding Registry: 'So Much For Modesty!'/n
Joseph Duggar and Kendra Caldwell went on a wild shopping spree when they chose expensive items for their wedding registry – and fans aren’t pleased with their lavish picks. The Counting On star and his fiancée were slammed for the pricey gifts they’re asking family and friends to purchase.
According to the former 19 Kids and Counting star’s registry, the most expensive item on the list is a Blendtec Total Blender for $385.39.
Other high-priced items are a $287.37 KitchenAid, a $255 drill and a $189 Hoover Vacuum Cleaner.
PHOTOS: 911 Calls, Molestation Claims & Porn Star Sex — Duggars’ Top 20 Secrets & Scandals Of 2015
But not all of the items have to do with their home, as they also asked for gift cards to Papa John’s Pizza, Krispy Kreme, P.F. Chang’s, Dominos, Subway, Express, American Eagle, Old Navy and more.
The couple will also be roughing it, as they asked for power tools and camping gear.
“Why would anyone need a freaking $375 blender or a $126 sleeping bag?!?! I mean come on! That’s freaking ridiculous,” a user commented on an Instagram photo of the registry posted by sister Joy-Anna.
PHOTOS: Duggar Family: 12 More Secrets & Scandals!
Another fan fired, “So much for modesty!”
A third fan ripped, “I don’t recall asking people to buy me gym shoes, socks and a kayak for my wedding. Also, how about those gift cards? Claire’s, American Eagle… really?”
A final fan wrote, “Tacky, the things they put on the registry are just ridiculous. They didn’t ask for the normal ‘preparing for a life’ stuff. A kayak? A $300 plus blender, gift cards to Ulta?”
Duggar and Caldwell, who are tying the knot on October 7 in Rogers, Arkansas, have yet to respond to the backlash.
PHOTOS: Amy Duggar Explodes On Husband For Hurting Their Cat: ‘I Do Not Want Kids With You’
Do you think the items are too pricey? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n