Ireland Baldwin Doesn’t Have Daddy Issues, Says Dad Alec Baldwin Is ‘Pretty Incredible’/n





                    Model Ireland Baldwin Would Like You to Adopt This Holiday Season
                







The model urges fans to adopt this Christmas

 MORE >>





Daddy problems” and “Alec Baldwin” need not be two things that go together…Just ask his daughter, Ireland Baldwin.

The 20-year-old model was photographed by Michael Clifford and featured in Paper Magazine, in which she was asked about an Instagram photo she posted that said “Daddy Issues” in the Star Wars font, and if she has them.


Ireland Baldwin Is Sexy AF for Paper Magazine	








































7 Photos »


Her response?
Eh no. I grew out of them. My dad is a pretty incredible human.



when it comes down to it
A photo posted by Ireland Basinger-Baldwin (@irelandforpresident) on Jan 16, 2016 at 3:01pm PST



 
The tattoo-clad, LA-based model, whose parents are Baldwin and Kim Basinger, also opened up in response to whether she thinks of herself as an LGBTQ role model (she was previously in an almost year-long relationship with rapper Angel Haze before splitting in April 2015).
I wouldn’t say I’m trying to be anyone’s role model. I just support people who are true to themselves and aren’t afraid to openly be who there are and support others who are doing the same.
A passionate dog and animal lover, Baldwin also confessed that it’s at times hard for her to be part of the fashion industry:
It’s hard being somewhat part of the fashion industry and having a disdain for fur. I think it’s absolutely disgusting and heartbreaking. I mean, I have worn brands and admired brands that have pieces that use leather and fur and I’m not proud of it. If I could wear 100% vegan all the time, I would.
Read the entirety of Ireland Baldwin’s interview with Paper here, and see more pics from her shoot in the gallery above.


Alec Baldwin Confronts Photographer Outside NYC Home	








































10 Photos »


/n