 EXCLUSIVE VIDEO INTERVIEW: 'Roman Polanski Handcuffed, Drugged, & Raped Me,' Charges.../n
Warning: This story contains explicit and graphic details
Edith Vogelhut spent a night with Roman Polanski in 1974 and claims she was brutally raped by the famed director at Jack Nicholson’s house.
“He said, ‘Turn over, get on your stomach,’ and I’m handcuffed within minutes,” Vogelhut told RadarOnline.com in an exclusive video interview.
PHOTOS: Top Celebrity Sex Scandals
Vogelhut, a former model also known as Shelli Paul and Glamor magazine editor, is the most recent woman to come forward and accuse Polanski, who remains free abroad. She has reported the alleged crime to Los Angeles District Attorney, who interviewed her in May.
In an exclusive interview, Vogelhut tells RadarOnline.com it started on a November night she spent with Polanski in Hollywood, explaining she met him at a star-studded dinner party hosted by The Godfather producer Robert Evans and attended by actor Warren Beatty.
After a night of dancing and booze, Vogelhut, who was 21-years-old at the time, says the two ended up at Jack Nicholson’s house for a night-cap.
EXCLUSIVE: Roman Polanski Accuser Feels Victimized By Court Decision
“I kind of knew that we’re going to have sex, but I didn’t expect anything out of the ordinary…I did not expect to be sodomized,” she said.
Vogelhut says that after drinking some Brandy together Polanski gave her an MDMA — Methylenedioxymethamphetamine, commonly known as Ecstasy — and told her: “It’s a really good drug. It will make you feel good, it will mellow you out. It’s like a stimulator.” (Ectasy was not as widely available in the 1970s as now, but it was in circulation.)
PHOTOS: Polanski Abuse Victim Charlotte Lewis Through The Years
When they eventually made it to the bedroom, she says Polanski handcuffed her and raped her.
PHOTOS: Celebs Who Have Done Time In Jail
“He grabs me by the hair, jerks my head up, snaps amyl nitrate under my nose [which when inhaled has a psychoactive effect] and enters me anally,” Vogelhut recalled of the horrifying night.
“I hurt. This was rape. I was anally raped repeatedly.”
PHOTOS: Crime Scene Photos Of Jaycee Dugard Kidnapper’s Home
As RadarOnline.com first revealed, Vogelhut reported the incident to the Los Angeles District Attorney.
“I kept quiet for many reasons,” Vogelhut explains.
“I was humiliated, I had absolutely no one to tell and with this group that I told you about at this dinner party that ran Hollywood, they weren’t going to believe me.”
PHOTOS: Crime Scene Photos From The Joran Van Der Sloot Murder
In 1977, Polanski was arrested and charged with rape by use of drugs, perversion and sodomy against 13-year-old Samantha Geimer, who also claimed the assault happened at Nicholson’s Hollywood home.
British Actress On Roman Polanski: I Was Sexually Abused
In an attempt to avoid jail time, Polanski fled the United States to his native country of France where he was protected from extradition.
After being taken into custody by Swiss authorities in 2009, the 77-year-old remains there because the Swiss freed him on July 12 instead of extraditing him to Los Angeles for sentencing in the Geimer case.
PHOTOS: Celebrity Cheaters
In May, 2010 British actress Charlotte Lewis came forward as well claiming Polanski assaulted her in his Paris apartment when she was just 16-years-old – a move Vogelhut says prompted her to finally come forward with her story.
She is also planning to release a tell-all book — tentatively titled Audacity– detailing her life in the world of modeling, magazines and her search for love. There is also one chapter dedicated to her alleged encounter with Polanski. /n