Calvin Harris Explains How He “Snapped” Following Taylor Swift Split/n





                    Calvin Harris Is "Not Surprised" Tom Hiddleston and Taylor Swift Didn’t Last
                







From one ex to another. 

 MORE >>










                    Here’s Calvin Harris’ Uncomfortable Reaction to a Taylor Swift Joke
                







Cringe. 

 MORE >>





Calvin Harris is looking back on his breakup with Taylor Swift in regret.

The Scottish DJ, who split with the “Bad Blood” singer last year after 15 months of dating, opened up about their messy split in British GQ. Reflecting on the fallout, the 33-year-old admitted he shouldn’t have aired their dirty laundry online.
“It was completely the wrong instinct,” he said. [Editor’s note: The quote appears to be the full version of his interview with British GQ last year, though the publication does not specify in its new story.]  “I was protecting what I see as my one talent in the world being belittled. It felt like things were piling on top of me and that was when I snapped.”
As reported, Calvin took aim at Taylor after it was revealed that she contributed to his smash hit, “This Is What You Came For.” Though he initially called her an “amazing lyric writer,” Calvin eventually became defensive and lashed out at his ex-girlfriend for trying to “bury” him like her longtime nemesis, Katy Perry.


relive Taylor Swift and Calvin Harris' Cutest Moments








































14 Photos »


“Hurtful to me at this point that her and her team would go so far out of their way to try and make ME look bad at this stage though,” he tweeted at the time. “I figure if you’re happy in your new relationship you should focus on that instead of trying to tear your ex bf down for something to do. I know you’re off tour and you need someone new to try and bury like Katy ETC but I’m not that guy, sorry. I won’t allow it.”
Looking back, Calvin realized the publicity surrounding their split drove him to the edge, explaining, “It’s very difficult when something I consider so personal plays out very publicly. The aftermath of the relationship was way more heavily publicized than the relationship itself.”
“When we were together, we were very careful for it not to be a media circus,” he continued. “She respected my feelings in that sense. I’m not good at being a celebrity. But when it ended, all hell broke loose. Now I see that Twitter thing as a result of me succumbing to pressure.”


a guide to Taylor Swift's Best Friends








































25 Photos »


The “Feels” producer added “it took [him] a minute to realize that none of that matters” when it came down to his relationship with the 27-year-old.
“For both of us it was the wrong situation,” he shared. “It clearly wasn’t right, so it ended, but all of the stuff that happened afterwards…”
Taylor since moved on with British actor Joe Alwyn.


Taylor Swift's Dating History








































7 Photos »


/n