Bill Betrays Hillary! Caught In Private Meeting With Attorney General/n
Bill Clinton is going behind Hillary‘s back with another woman, and it could be his worst betrayal yet! According to reports, the former president held a secret meeting with U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch in a parked private plane in Phoenix.
Clinton had been visiting the Phoenix area and Lynch was there for a national tour to “promote community policing,” ABC15 reported.
Lynch claimed she and Bill only discussed their grandchildren, traveling, and golf, in what she called a “primarily social” conversation.
Since Hillary is currently under federal investigation for the alleged mismanagement of her private email server and since the meeting occurred only hours before the public release of a controversial Benghazi report, some Democrats are upset that the meet-up ever took place.
PHOTOS:On The Warpath! Hillary Clinton’s Secret Violent ‘Rages’ Exposed In New Tell-All: Shattered Glasses, Smashed Cellphones & More!
Democratic senator Chris Coons told CNN that the meeting “doesn’t send the right signal” and that Lynch should have “steered clear, even of a brief, casual, social meeting with the former president” because it was poor timing. David Axelrod, a former top aide to President Obama, tweeted that the meeting was “foolish.”

I take @LorettaLynch & @billclinton at their word that their convo in Phoenix didn't touch on probe.  But foolish to create such optics.
— David Axelrod (@davidaxelrod) June 30, 2016

“There was no discussion on any matter pending before the Department or any matter pending with any other body,” Lynch said. “There was no discussion of Benghazi, no discussion of State Department emails, by way of example I would say it was current news of the day, the Brexit decision and what it would mean.”
But the 30-minute meeting had some people questioning what’s actually going on behind closed doors in Hillary’s ongoing private email investigation.
“That’s terrible,” Donald Trump told radio host Mike Gallagher. “And it was really a sneak. It was really something that they didn’t want publicized, as I understand it. Wow, I just think it’s so terrible. I think it’s so horrible.”
PHOTOS: Hillary Out Of Control! Clinton’s Nastiest Moments Caught On Camera
Trump went on to say the private meeting should make voters question the judgment of everyone involved. “This is terrible and nobody can understand why nothing’s happened,” Trump said. “You see a thing like this and, even in terms of judgment, how bad of judgment is it for him or for her to do this? I mean, who would do this?”
The presumptive GOP nominee then said that even the liberal media was reporting on the story because it’s “so out of bounds.”
Story developing. /n