Everything You Need to Know About: ‘Ouija: Origin of Evil’ /n





                    WATCH: 'American Horror Story' Boys Get Jumpy in Universal's 'AHS' Maze
                







Some of the stars from American Horror Story – namely Evan Peters, Denis O'Hare...

 MORE >>





Halloween is less than two weeks away and surprisingly, there aren’t many new horror films playing right now. Meaning that the new film Ouija: Origin of Evil has got to do the trick for moviegoers craving a good scare this weekend. If you’re among them, we’ve got all the important details!

Who’s in it?
This new flick isn’t filled with big names but don’t let that fool you. There’s some terrifying and heartfelt performances on display from Elizabeth Reaser, Annalise Basso, Henry Thomas, Lulu Wilson and more.

What’s it about?
Alice (Reaser) is a medium in 1967 LA. She doesn’t exactly have the gift but she and her daughters, Doris (Wilson) and Paulina (Basso), make sure customers are convinced they’re talking to their dead relatives with some crafty effects. After a night of scares with friends, Paulina convinces Alice to buy a Ouija board to use as a prop in her readings. Instead, the board somehow awakens some twisted, malevolent spirits in their home.

Why should I care? 
Because Halloween is nearly here! Okay, okay we’ve covered that. Here’s a better reason: horror films are continually churned out but they don’t often deliver on their promise. This is that rare sequel that rises above its predecessor without leaving the playbook behind.





Here’s what the critics are saying: 
“Like The Conjuring and the many immersive spook-house thrillers inspired by it, Origin of Evil demands and rewards attentiveness, inviting scrutiny of its frames, study of its negative space.”
-Alan Scherstuhl [Village Voice]

“The rare horror sequel made with considerably more wit, craft, and imagination than its predecessor, Ouija: Origin of Evil feels less like the continuation of a budding franchise than an apology for what went wrong the first time.”
-Geoff Berkshire [Variety]

“You wait, hoping for a good, classic horror film. It begins to deliver, big. Then it disappoints a little. Then it comes back again, strong. Then it fails you again.”
-Stephen Whitty [Newark Star-Ledger]

“Raking up the past of a Ouija board that more recently menaced so many hapless teenagers may not seem like a particularly auspicious idea but the result here is surprisingly good.”
-Bruce Demara [Toronto Star]


Lady Gaga Flaunts Her Bod in a See-Through Crop Top 








































7 Photos »


/n