Real Life ‘Weekend At Bernie’s’ Duo Plead Guilty To Abuse Of A Corpse/n
By Radar Staff
Looks like the Weekend at Bernie’s criminals didn’t get their Hollywood ending!
The two Colorado men, Robert Young and Mark Rubinson, who were accused of dragging a dead friend out for a night on the town and using his credit card to pay their bar tabs, pleaded guilty to abuse of a corpse on Thursday – and RadarOnline.com has the details.
PHOTOS:  Sexy Stars Who Have Been Arrested 
In a crime that closely resembled the 1999 Hollywood blockbuster film in which two friends spend a weekend with their dead boss, Young, 43, claimed he found his pal Jeffrey Jarrett, a 43-year-old realtor, unresponsive in his Denver home on August 27. He claims that he did not know that he was deceased, so he placed him in an SUV and went to go pick up Rubinson, 25, and the duo hit the town with their friend in the car and used his credit card at multiple bars and restaurants.
After their wild night out, they claimed that they finally realized that their friend was dead, so they dropped him off at home and left his body in the bedroom.
PHOTOS:  Celebrity Mugshots
But the party didn’t stop then! They continued to charge up Jarrett’s credit card, with Young claiming that Jarrett owed him money.
Both men pleaded guilty to the abuse of a corpse and Young also pleaded guilty to identity theft. Their pleas allowed each of them to have the more serious felony charges against them dropped.
PHOTOS:   Celebs Who Have Done Jail Time
Jarrett’s death was ruled accidental, with the cause of death a result of mixed drug intoxication. He had alcohol, cocaine, alprazolam and buprenorphine in his system.
The duo will be back in court on March 8 for sentencing.
Watch video of Young and Rubinson below:



RELATED STORIES:
Singer Etta James Dies At Age 73
Champion Skiier Sarah Burke Dies From Ski Accident
Brittany Murphy’s Dad Sues Los Angeles Coroner; Disagrees With Cause Of Death
Bungee Terror As Woman Plummets Into Crocodile Infested Zambezi River  /n