Rape, Robbery & Drugs! The Explosive Rap Sheet Of Kevin Hart's Father Uncovered/n
Kevin Hart revealed that his father spent four years in prison when he was charged with rape, but that isn’t the only crime against him. From drug charges to robbery, RadarOnline.com can exclusively expose Henry Witherspoon‘s lengthy criminal record.
In Hart’s memoir I Can’t Make This Up: Life Lessons, he revealed that his father spent four years in prison when he was charged with rape.
READ THE SHOCKING COURT PAPERS! 
“I take a few steps and I trip over something,” his father wrote in the book of when he entered a home high on drugs to gamble. “I feel around and it’s a body. I don’t know if it’s alive or dead or sleeping or high.”
A cop then entered the home and arrested him.
“Now, this cop gave a statement that he looked through the window and saw me having sex with this body,” he wrote. “Mind you, the body was alive, and he told me it was a woman.”
He remained in jail until his court hearing 18 months later. He was sentenced to four to eight years in prison, but was released after four.
PHOTOS: Kevin Hart Lounges In Mexican Beach With Pregnant Wife Eniko Amid Cheating Scandal
According to court documents obtained from the Municipal Court of Philadelphia County, Witherspoon was arrested on June 16, 1979 for the alleged rape.
He was also charged with involuntary deviate sexual intercourse, aggravated assault, simple assault, recklessly endangering another person, unlawful restraint and indecent assault.
The involuntary deviate sexual intercourse and unlawful restraint were ultimately dismissed.
PHOTOS: Childhood Demons: Kevin Hart’s Troubled Family Arrested For Rape & Robbery Crimes
But the charges don’t end there. On April 25, 1969, he was arrested for robbery, larceny, receiving stolen properties and conspiracy to do unlawful act. All of the charges were dismissed.
On June 14, 1970, he was arrested for gambling. The case was dismissed.
Years later on January 26, 1993, Witherspoon was charged with simple assault, recklessly endangering another person and aggravated assault. All of the counts were withdrawn.
PHOTOS: Abuse, Cheating & Drugs! Inside Kevin Hart’s Toxic Marriage Amid Cheating Scandal
He busted was for knowing/intentionally possessing a controlled substance on February 15, 1999. He was found guilty and ordered to pay $135 in fines.
Days later on February 18, 1999, he was arrested for aggravated assault, robbery, theft by receiving stolen property, possessing instruments of crime, simple assault and recklessly endangering another person. All of the charges against him were dropped.
Then on April 15, 1999, he was busted for knowing/intentionally possessing a controlled substance and buying from persons. He was found guilty of both crimes and was sentenced to three to four months in prison.
PHOTOS: Kevin Hart’s Other Woman! Meet The Sexy Singer At The Center Of The Scandal
But his father’s rap sheet isn’t Hart’s only scandal. He was caught on camera cheating on his pregnant wife Eniko Parrish with another woman earlier this month outside of his Miami Beach Hotel.
The actor denied the allegations against him.
Does Witherspoon’s criminal record surprise you? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n