TV Buzz: John Legend, Fantasia Among ‘Soul Train Awards’ Performers; ‘Anderson’ Airing Special Hurricane Sandy Episode/n





                    'Anderson Live' Cancelled
                







The show will end in Summer 2013. 

 MORE >>










                    Anderson's gift to Snooki
                







The journalist gives Snooki and baby Lorenzo a sweet gift. 

 MORE >>





Anderson Cooper is hosting a special Hurricane Sandy aftermath episode on Thursday’s episode of Anderson Live! Joining Cooper is co-host Deborah Norville and NYU nurse Margo Condon. Condon, who works in the NIC-U at NYU’s hospital, helped save 20 babies during the storm. Cooper is also partnering with Kellogg and Crocs among other companies to donate to those in need. The episode airs Thursday. Check your local listings for network and time. [Anderson]
The 2012 Soul Train awards have announced John Legend, Fantasia and Charlie Wilson will perform on the annual show which films in Vegas on Nov. 9. The show will be hosted by Cedric The Entertainer and will honor R&B group New Edition with the lifetime achievement award. The Soul Train Awards will air on BET and Cetric on Sunday, Nov. 25 at 9 PM. [Soul Train]

The “Cake Boss,” Buddy Valastro has picked his 13 new contestants for Season 3 of TLC’s Next Great Baker. As with other seasons, the winner of the competition will get a $100,000 prize, a feature in Redbook and a chance to work with Valastro at Carlo’s. Season 3 will consist of 10 episodes and premiere with a special 90-minute episode on Monday, Nov. 26 at 9 PM. [TLC]
 

celebuzz's 13 favorite halloween tv specials of years' past 








































13 Photos »



Who won the ratings game on Halloween? CBS led the night overall with 10.9 million viewers and a 6.8 rating while ABC shows Modern Family and Nashville hit season lows with 10.4 and 5.8 million overall viewers. Halloween classic, It’s the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown,  broadcast on ABC led the hour in the ad-coveted 18-49 demo in the 8 o’clock hour. [Zap2it]
FX has renewed dark comedy, Wilfred, for Season 3. The show, starring Elijiah Wood and Jason Gann, will air for 13 episodes beginning in June of 2013. In addition, new showrunners Reed Agnew and Eli Jome are taking over for the third season. David Zuckerman, former Wilfred boss will remain an executive producer on the show. [TVLine]
Michael Madsen is heading to FOX’s The Mob Doctor for a two-episode stint. The actor will play Russel King, a veteran criminal who Grace (Jordana Spiro) may have to operate on. His first appearance will be in Episode 9. [TV Guide]
 

rihanna visits with oprah for own's 'oprah's next chapter'








































8 Photos »


Oprah Winfrey’s OWN and The Huffington Post launched Huff Post Own on Thursday. This new part of The Huffington Post’s website will provide advice and ideas to motivate and inspire its users. In addition, the site will include some of Oprah’s Favorite Things from Winfrey’s Holiday O List in O, The Oprah Magazine. An exclusive video montage of the best Favorite Things moments and trivia will be available exclusively. [HuffPost OWN]
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n