Dakota Johnson’s On-Screen Bodyguard Brant Daugherty Spotted Filming ‘Fifty Shades Darker’ Scenes for First Time/n





                    Jamie Dornan and Dakota Johnson Spotted Kissing in the Rain, Again
                







'Fifty Shades Darker' Filming Continues 

 MORE >>





Stars were spotted on the Vancouver set of Fifty Shades Darker again yesterday (March 14), and this time, there was a new face: Brant Daugherty.

Daugherty announced that was cast as Luke Sawyer back in February, but after a couple weeks of filming, we’re just seeing the hunky member of Christian Grey’s security detail on set for the first time.


Dakota Johnson Films Scenes for 'Fifty Shades Darker' with On-Screen Bodyguard Brant Daugherty	








































9 Photos »


On Feb. 20, he wrote on Twitter, “Thanks for the warm welcome @E_L_James! I can’t say how excited I am to bring Sawyer to life #FiftyShades”:

Thanks for the warm welcome @E_L_James! I can’t say how excited I am to bring Sawyer to life #FiftyShades
— Brant Daugherty (@brantdaugherty) February 20, 2016

In the books, Grey appoints Sawyer as Anastasia Steele’s personal bodyguard. No complaints on our end:





CREDIT: Fameflynet


You may recognize the 30-year-old actor from Pretty Little Liars, in which he had a recurring role as Noel Kahn.
Daugherty was spotted along with Dakota Johnson (Steele), but Jamie Dornan (who plays Grey) was not seen this time around, however.
Other cast members we’ve seen filming in Vancouver include Bella Heathcote (who plays Grey’s former submissive Leila), Eric Johnson (who plays Grey’s nemesis Jack Hyde), Max Martini (Taylor, Grey’s bodyguard), and Luke Grimes (Elliot, Grey’s brother).
Marcia Gay Harden, Kim Basinger, Tyler Hoechlin, Rita Ora and Eloise Mumford also comprise the cast of The Fifty Shades of Grey sequel, which is slated for a February 10, 2017 release.
Check out the gallery above to see more pics of Dakota Johnson and Brant Daugherty filming.


Jamie Dornan and Dakota Film Another Kissing Scene for 'Fifty Shades Darker' Along with Bella Heathcote and Max Martini	








































55 Photos »


/n