Kim Kardashian Explains Why She Won’t Label Herself a Feminist/n





                    North West Selling Kim Kardashian a Cup of Lemonade Is the Cutest Thing Ever
                







Kim Kardashian bought a cup of very expensive lemonade.

 MORE >>





Last week, Kim Kardashian found herself in some hot water when she admitted she doesn’t consider herself a feminist.

“I don’t like labels,” she said at the time. “I just think I do what makes me happy and I want women to be confident and I’m so supportive of women. I love nothing more than when all my friends … and I love to support other women.”
But her answer angered many feminists, and now Kardashian is taking a moment to defend herself. In a new essay on her website, Kardashian explains that while she believes in everything feminism stands for, she just doesn’t like labels.
“For me, feminist is someone who advocates for the civil and social rights and liberties of all people, regardless of their gender; anyone who believes that women should have the same choices and opportunities as men when it comes to education and employment, their bodies and their lifestyles,” she writes.


Kim Kardashian Shows Off Her Slim Figure Outside the Studio








































11 Photos »


“Of course I want these things,” she continues. “I’m all about empowering and uplifting women. Obviously, there are things about me that people might say make me a feminist: I work hard, I make my own money, I’m comfortable and confident in my own skin, and I encourage women to be open and honest about their sexuality, and to embrace their beauty and their bodies.”
Kardashian goes on to explain that she isn’t a fan of any labels, not political, not sexual, not socioeconomic because she doesn’t want to be defined by the beliefs that go along with said labels. “I feel that being grouped or labeled can create separation between people who do (or don’t) fall into certain categories, when they may actually share many of the same beliefs and goals,” she explains.
Despite the fact that Kardashian won’t label herself a feminist, the mother of two insists that she will continue to support and fight for women’s rights.


	Kim Kardashian Flaunts Her Size 2 Body During Dinner with Kanye West








































7 Photos »


/n