EXCLUSIVE! Duck Dynasty's Sadie Robertson: It's ''an Honor'' to be Compared to the Duggars—Watch! "It doesn't bother me at all," she told E! News. "I've actually met the Duggars once and.../n
The Duck Dynasty family isn't the only conservative Christian clan making headlines in Hollywood these days: There are also the Duggars, who found fame thanks to their TLC reality show 19 Kids and Counting. Both families share similar values—and they certainly aren't afraid to speak their minds—sometimes landing in hot water for their controversial remarks. But despite the backlash the Duggars have often received, Duck Dynasty star Sadie Robertson welcomes the comparisons, noting that her family shares similar viewpoints with the "wonderful" reality stars. 

"It doesn't bother me at all," she told E! News. "I've actually met the Duggars once and they're great people. So to be compared to them is actually an honor, not anything bad." Robertson has previously confessed that she plans to remain a virgin until marriage—a sentiment shared by the Duggars, particularly Jill and Jessa, who both waited until they were officially wed to have their first kiss with their husbands. More recently, the Duggars have made headlines as some allege that their beliefs are anti-gay, with thousands signing a petition on Change.org, asking for TLC to cancel the reality show to "end LGBTQ fear mongering" (the petition was part of response to reports claiming the Duggars removed a photo of a same-sex couple kissing from their Facebook page). 




ABC/Craig Sjodin

Likewise, Duck Dynasty patriarch Phil Robertson was briefly suspended from the hit reality show following a series of anti-gay remarks he made last year to GQ, in which he grouped homosexuality in with bestiality as deviant behavior (A&E announced his return to the show just over a week later, noting that the series is "not about one man's views). The hit show's season 7 premiere airs tonight. "They're wonderful people," Sadie, who successfully made it through the semi-finals on Monday's episode of Dancing With the Stars, added of the Duggars. "And I actually wish I could hang out with them more because we actually do have a lot of the same values so it's cool to be compared to them." 
/n