 All Is Forgiven? Casper Smart Jets Off On Getaway With Jennifer Lopez After Tense Meeting.../n
Casper Smart insists that he did not have sex with a transsexual model, and apparently Jennifer Lopez believes him. Just days after the backup dancer turned A-list boyfriend was accused of hooking up with model Sofia Vissa, RadarOnline.com has learned that he jetted off to Boston with Lopez, her six-year-old twins Max and Emme, and her mother — after a tense secret meeting with her publicist in which he denied all the allegations.
“He’s on a jet today with her, her kids and her mom flying to Boston,” an insider told Radar on Thursday afternoon. Lopez is scheduled to be a headliner at the Kiss108FM Kiss Concert on Saturday at the Xfinity Center in Mansfield, Mass.
But despite the fact that Lopez and Smart appear to be keeping up appearances in the wake of the rumor scandal, Radar has learned that their relationship has been rocked by the sleazy rumors.
PHOTOS: JLo & Casper Smart ‘Headed For A Breakup’ — Inside Their Rocky Relationship
On Tuesday, the same day TheDirty.com published the explosive allegations of Smart’s affair with transsexual Vissa, Radar has learned that Smart was summoned to a tense secret meeting with Lopez’s inner circle.
“Casper came to dance rehearsal Tuesday and met with J.Lo’s publicist and manager, Benny Medina,” to discuss the rumors, an insider tells Radar. “He denied everything.”
PHOTOS: Jennifer Lopez’s Outrageously Sexy Outfit On Britain’s Got Talent
A source had told TheDirty.com that Smart allegedly exchanged sexy pics with Vissa, even writing one message that allegedly said, “I wanna see more what else ya got.” The site’s founder, Nik Richie, also claimed that Vissa has naked photos of Smart allegedly taken on May 19 that she will sell to the highest bidder.
This isn’t the first time that Lopez and Smart’s relationship has been rocked by sex scandal rumors. As Radar previously reported, one of Smart’s fellow backup dancers claimed Smart is gay and using J.Lo for fame and fortune.
PHOTOS: The Craziest & Most Outrageous Celebrity Rumors: What’s True, What’s Not?
His rep later told Radar, “Casper is not gay. These comments are born from envy and jealousy. It must be a slow news day.”
Requests for comment to Lopez and Smart’s reps regarding the new allegations were not returned. /n