‘I Knew It!’ Friend of Michael Douglas’ Troubled Son Not Surprised He Relapsed/n
Not everyone is shocked to learn Michael Douglas’ troubled son Cameron has relapsed.
“I knew it would happen,” drug reform advocate and Cameron’s friend Tony Papa exclusively told RadarOnline.com. “Relapse is a normal part of addiction. The problem was he got too comfortable, and forgot about the time he did (in jail) and how the Bureau of Prisons is still in control of his life.”
As Radar reported, Cameron violated the terms of his probation just three months after being released from federal prison. According to Page Six, he was caught with marijuana in his system this spring.
Court papers reveal that a lab tech accused the 38-year-old of “attempting to manipulate the results” of a drug test. A second test then came back positive for pot, much to the disappointment of Papa.
PHOTOS: Prison Pecs! Cameron Douglas Bares All In Raunchy Social Media Snaps
“He was doing good, working and writing his memoir and getting his life back together,” Papa told Radar. “I asked him for help in finding a producer for my screenplay. He told me he would see what he could do.”
Cameron, was first sent to prison in 2010 for narcotics distribution. His sentence then was for five years. But in 2011, Judge Richard Berman added years on to the sentence because Cameron had additional drug infractions while behind bars.
“The federal prison system is brutal. They can pull you in at any time for one mistake,” according to Papa. “He’s luck they gave him a second chance.”
Cameron isn’t eligible for parole until 2018. But he was moved to a halfway house in New York last year.
PHOTOS: Cameron Douglas’s New Nightmare! Inside The Halfway House Of Horrors
“The problem is when you do hard time and get out, you want to forget the experience,” a somber Papa shared. “This is dangerous because you then get too comfortable and forget that the system still controls your life.
“I wish him the best.”
Story Developing
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.
  /n