 She’s Having A Boy! Go Inside ‘Bachelorette’ Ashley Hebert's Blue-Themed Baby.../n
Andi Dorfman got her happily ever after on Monday’s season finale of The Bachelorette. And she has a good reality role model in Ashley Hebert, who is one of the rare few to find happily ever after with her TV pick, JP Rosenbaum: Not only are they married, but she’s also now expecting their first child! Now, only RadarOnline can reveal the exclusive items on their baby boy’s gift list — and when they’re expecting the pitter patter of little feet to arrive.
According to the happy couple’s online baby registry at Diapers.com their due date is October 8!
PHOTOS: See Inside Ashley’s Baby Registry 
And the brunette dentist, who’s almost seven months into her third trimester, has registered for nearly 100 gifts (worth more than $2,000!) to spoil her newborn.
The reality stars, who revealed her sonogram on the July 20 episode to a live audience, just moved from New York City to Miami, Florida — and by the looks of their little one’s newest accessories they’ll come in handy for the sunny weather, like his Flap Happy floppy hats and tiny plaid Robeez navy slip-ons.
PHOTOS: The Hottest Beach Bodies Of The Bachelor & The Bachelorette!
The parents-to-be selected blue and neutral-themed must-haves ranging from the practical Woombie Blue Moon swaddle ($27.29), Little Giraffe chenille blanket ($54.49), The Gro Company’s egg-shaped room thermometer ($37.99), and Sleep Sheep stuffed animal ($30.95) to the high-tech Brica Day and Night light Musical Auto Mirror ($25.59), Beaba Babycook Pro ($149.95), Stokke multi-growth highchair ($319.99), and black orb-shaped Duux air purifier ($82.49).
Hebert and Rosenbaum fell in love on Season Seven of the hit show in 2011, and just over a year later they exchanged vows in front of 200 guests at the Langham Huntington Hotel in Pasadena, Calif.
The pair ranks among just a handful of successful married Bachelor/Bachelorette couples, including Jason and Molly Mesnick, Trista and Ryan Sutter and engaged pair Catherine Giudici and Sean Lowe. /n