Caitlyn Jenner Calls Out Donald Trump Following His Ban On Transgender Americans Serving In The Military/n

Caitlyn Jenner is D-O-N-E with Donald Trump.
Despite previously supporting the Celebrity Apprentice star during the 2016 presidential election, it appears as though the I Am Cait star has officially withdrawn her #TeamTrump membership. So what was the breaking point for the retired Olympian??
Related: Trump Turns Boy Scouts Gathering Into A Trump Youth Rally!
Well, unsurprisingly, Miz Jenner's disappointment in Trump has EVERYTHING to do with the Commander-In-Chief's recent decision to ban transgender Americans from serving in the military. Like the rest of the internet, the 67-year-old hit back at the Trumpster's announcement as she wrote on Twitter: 

There are 15,000 patriotic transgender Americans in the US military fighting for all of us. What happened to your promise to fight for them? https://t.co/WzjypVC8Sr
— Caitlyn Jenner (@Caitlyn_Jenner) July 26, 2017
We're glad Cait is finally seeing Donnie for the monster he is. But, tbh, it took her long enough!
Fans have since criticized Kris Jenner's ex for weighing in on the news as many blame her for helping the bigoted politician get elected. Ch-ch-check out their harsh reactions for yourself (below).

YOU voted for him. Great job.
— Sol (@solrodriguez) July 26, 2017

Caitlyn sweetie we BEEN trying to warn you and your privileged ass continued to vouch for him. I'm supposed to feel bad? I don't.
— Jordan (@jordansdiamonds) July 26, 2017


He don’t give a f*ck about you, Caitlyn. When will you realize that?
— Danny H. Cervantes (@DannyMariachi) July 26, 2017


@MatthMee pic.twitter.com/l2IYth70lG
— Dolly Parton (@Viotch) July 26, 2017


Everyone saw through his lie, Cait. Why couldn't you?
— S. L. Duncan (@SLDuncanBooks) July 26, 2017


He's a liar, just like we all told you!
— Amy Coleman (@acmikac) July 26, 2017


YOU VOTED FOR HIM!! He never has and never will care about trans people.
— Denice Martinez (@duhhhhhneese) July 26, 2017


See what happens when you vote for bigotry and misogyny Caitlyn?
— GO HAWKS 🏳️‍🌈 (@1hairyman) July 26, 2017
Savage. Still, at the end of the day, let's remember who the real villain is in this story…
Donald John Trump. Period.
[Image via WENN.]
/n