UPDATE! Lil Wayne Is in "Good Spirits" After Suffering Two Seizures, Thanks Fans for "Everlasting Support" UPDATE: Lil Wayne has spoken out to his many fans who have been concerned over his recent health scare. The rapper.../n
UPDATE: Lil Wayne has spoken out to his many fans who have been concerned over his recent health scare. The rapper broke his silence on Twitter, writing, "Thx for the prayers!! I love y'all!"________Lil Wayne is doing OK!The rapper's plane had to make an emergency landing Monday after he suffered two seizures, and now a rep for the star tells E! News that he is on the mend. "We can confirm that he did experience two minor seizures yesterday. Under the guidance of his own doctors, he is now in stable condition and good spirits," his rep says. "He thanks his fans for their everlasting support, prayers and well wishes."The "How to Love" rapper was flying from Milwaukee, Wis., to California when it had to make the emergency landing in Nebraska. Omaha Airport Authority confirmed to E! News Monday afternoon that it received a medical divert call around 2:36 p.m. local time. When ambulance and the rescue fire department responded, the party refused treatment. The plane departed after authorities terminated the response 30 minutes after the initial call came in.But E! News later learned that the jet arrived again at 3:56 p.m. where the passenger on board was transported to a local hospital by ambulance. The passenger walked off the plane under his own power. 



Gilbert Carrasquillo/Getty Images

Three years ago, Lil Wayne worried fans when he was hospitalized after suffering multiple seizures. After the alarming incident, the "Mirror" rapper revealed he suffers from epilepsy and is "prone to seizures.""This wasn't my first, second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, seventh...I have had a bunch of seizures, you just never hear about them," he told Power 106's DJ Felli Fel. "My heart rate went down to 30 percent. I have people around me who know how to handle it. This time was real bad because I had three back to back and the third one was so bad."Lil Wayne explained that his seizures can strike at any time.Get well soon, Lil Wayne.(Originally published Tuesday, June 14, 2016, 6:18 a.m. PT)
/n