 Tiger Woods Loved Reading The Stories Written About His Cheating Scandal, Says Ex Coach.../n
By Amber Goodhand – Radar News Editor
Tiger Woods remained hidden from the public eye during the height of his cheating scandal, but according to his former swing coach Hank Haney, the golf pro was keeping an eye on everything being said and written about him.
In a new tell-all book released by Hank titled The Big Miss: My Years Coaching Tiger Woods, Hank writes about Tiger’s obsession with reading the tabloids, newspapers and gossip columns — scouring the Internet to see what was being written about his infidelities.
PHOTOS: A Close Shave For Tiger Woods
“Rather than trying to ignore what was being written and said about him, Tiger was taking it in,” Hank wrote.
“While we were in Augusta driving back and forth to the course, Tiger sat in the front passenger seat while I sat in the back, and I could see as he surfed the Web on his phone that he was searching for stories about himself on gossip sites.”
PHOTOS:   Tiger Woods’ New Oceanfront Estate
According to Hank, Tiger didn’t just read the articles, he also read all the comments left on the stories.
“A couple of times he suddenly said, ‘Uh-oh, here’s another story,’ before immersing himself in it,” Hank explained.
PHOTOS: Tiger Woods’ Ex Elin Nordregren Is A Bikini Babe
“Worse, he was reading the comments from readers, many of them vicious cheap shots. I was thinking there was no way that could be helping his frame of mind.”
Tiger took a long hiatus from golf following his 2009 cheating scandal that began with mistress Rachel Uchitel, and didn’t end until more than 15 other women were exposed as having had relationships with him — and it wasn’t until March 2012 that he won his first PGA tournament at the Arnold Palmer Invitational.
PHOTOS:   See Inside Elin’s Stunning Stockholm Home
For more on Hank’s tell-all book stay with RadarOnline.com…
RELATED STORIES:
Tiger Woods Talked With Caddie’s Wife (Who’s Elin’s Friend) About His Serial Cheating
Elin Nordegren Asked Tiger Woods To Quit Golf For Two Years, Says His Former Coach
Tiger Woods’ Former Coach: ‘I’d Never Thought Of Tiger As Happy’
Tiger Woods Banned Elin From Celebrating His Golf Wins, Former Coach Reveals /n