 Briana's Baby Daddy Drama! DeJesus’ Ex Devoin Is STILL Behind Bars After His Arrest.../nRadarOnline.com exclusively revealed that he was arrested by the Orlando Police Department on Friday, August 25. A warrant was issued for his arrest in St. Lucie County after he failed to appear in court for possession of cannabis less than 20 grams.Briana's ex is currently being held at the Orange County Correctional Facility and it seems he won't be getting out soon! “He’s not eligible for bond at this time, the judge gave him no bond,” a spokesperson for the facility exclusively told the site exclusively. “He has no projected release date. He’s waiting for a court hearing.”Devoin may have to wait 30 to 120 days for a court hearing in Orange County. “If St. Lucie wants him before a court date is set here then he can be sent down there,” the spokesperson said. “They’ve been notified he’s here. They can have us take care of the charges here or they’re going to pick him up.”Over the years, Briana has not been happy with her ex's relationship with their daughter together, Nova. Earlier this month she revealed on Twitter that he is no longer in her life writing, “I cut ties with both my baby daddies,” she wrote. “F**k that.”Are you shocked with Devoin's arrest? Let us know your thoughts in the comments section!RadarOnline.com exclusively revealed that he was arrested by the Orlando Police Department on Friday, August 25. A warrant was issued for his arrest in St. Lucie County after he failed to appear in court for possession of cannabis less than 20 grams.Briana's ex is currently being held at the Orange County Correctional Facility and it seems he won't be getting out soon! “He’s not eligible for bond at this time, the judge gave him no bond,” a spokesperson for the facility exclusively told the site exclusively. “He has no projected release date. He’s waiting for a court hearing.”Devoin may have to wait 30 to 120 days for a court hearing in Orange County. “If St. Lucie wants him before a court date is set here then he can be sent down there,” the spokesperson said. “They’ve been notified he’s here. They can have us take care of the charges here or they’re going to pick him up.”Over the years, Briana has not been happy with her ex's relationship with their daughter together, Nova. Earlier this month she revealed on Twitter that he is no longer in her life writing, “I cut ties with both my baby daddies,” she wrote. “F**k that.”Are you shocked with Devoin's arrest? Let us know your thoughts in the comments section!/n