5 Reasons ‘Dukes of Melrose’ Is A Must-See (VIDEO)/n





                    Couture Fashion Week
                







See who brought some serious style to Paris for the spring couture shows .

 MORE >>





 Forget any notions of rifling through racks of moth-eaten castoffs at your local Salvation Army store. Bravo’s newest fashion reality show, Dukes of Melrose, showcases the glamorous side of vintage shopping that has made Decades boutique a favorite of Hollywood’s most stylish stars and stylists.
Offering an inside look into the world of vintage couture, the show follows Cameron Silver and Christos Garkinos, the pair behind Decades, as they clean out some of the world’s most coveted closets and help their celebrity clientele find that perfect one-of-a-kind dress/necklace/bag for their big red carpet moment.
I got to sit down with the show’s gregarious stars to get the scoop on what we can expect to see when the Dukes of Melrose premieres tonight — and why it’s a must-see.

1. Major Drama
And I’m not talking about your average fashion reality show drama — cat fights, tears, kiss and makeup, repeat. Consider all that tame compared to the table-throwing kind of craziness Silver and Garkinos promise to deliver. Think: A soap opera but with stars dressed in vintage couture and evil plots centered around breaking up a starlet and her Birkin bag, not her cute husband.
2. Lots of Laughs
Take it from me, these two are hilarious — even first-thing in the morning. They had me in stitches before I could even finish my first cup of coffee, so I can only imagine what they come up with tonight. But one thing is for certain —  nothing, and I mean nothing, is off limits with these two.
 

Paris Fashion Week Fall 2013 Front-Row Fix








































219 Photos »


3. Closets to Die For
When Hollywood’s most stylish women are looking to clean out their closets, they call Silver and Garkinos. And the pair is taking viewers inside some of the world’s most coveted closets, as they help couture collectors like Dita von Teese and Phyllis Diller part with their designer duds. Bottom line: Expect closets that would put Carrie Bradshaw to shame mixed with a healthy dose of kicking, screaming and tears.
4. A History Lesson
Stop yawning. This is a history class you won’t want to sleep through. The show will take viewers around the world as Silver and Garkinos search for one-of-a-kind pieces from every decade, offering a look at some of the most iconic fashion to walk the runways and red carpets over the years. Prepare to drool
5. Fabulous Fashion
Obviously, you knew this was coming. The vintage couture looks that have made star stylists like Rachel Zoe regulars at Decades are the stuff red carpet dreams are made of. In fact, these two are responsible for some of the most memorable red carpet moments, because when they dress a star in one of their couture pieces, there’s no chance someone else will be wearing the same thing.
Check out the video to watch my whole interview with the fun and fabulous stars of Dukes of Melrose. And don’t miss the premiere of Duke’s of Melrose tonight at 10:30pm EST/7:30pm CT on Bravo.
/n