RHONY's Carole Radziwill Shows Off her NYC Home and the 50-year-old Couch that's Become an Honorary Cast Member
/n
Carole Radziwill may be the most reserved cast member on Real Housewives of New York, but her newly redecorated SoHo apartment is pure glamour.
“I had this idea that I was going to have dinner parties,” she muses in a new feature on archdigest.com. “But you know what, I’m not that girl. I don’t love having a lot of people over. I’m the girl who is going to go home, shut her door, and be in solitude, surrounded by beautiful things.”
RELATED:  RHONY’s Luann D’Agostino’s New Hamptons Home Has One ‘Spectacular’ Thing Her Old $9.45 Million Mansion Lacked
Some of those beautiful things include a collection of Swarovski crystal animals, a tufted banquette that’s modeled on the booths in New York nightclub Bungalow 8, and one very famous 50-year-old sofa.
ArchDigest.com/Gieves Anderson 
RHONY fans will remember, Radziwill frantically flipping the cushions to hide the threadbare parts of its tiger-striped fabric from her cast mates during filming. She later revealed to Andy Cohen that the sofa had gotten some work done between seasons on an episode of Watch What Happens Live. It’s now upholstered in blue velvet.
“I’ve had it in my life for 27 years,” she reflects. “Not only is it a great couch—the most gorgeous, the most comfortable—it has a lot of memories soaked into it. It’s a piece of history.”
It also has some serious historical cred.
ArchDigest.com/Gieves Anderson 
RELATED: Champagne Doorbells! A Robot Toilet! See All of This and More Inside the Over-the-Top Homes of the Real Housewives
The couch belonged to Carole’s mother-in-law and the sister of Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis, Lee Radziwill. Originally purchased in the 1960s, AD points out that over the years it has appeared in the pages of Vogue and Elle Decor. 
FROM PEN: Andy Cohen’s Pick For The Most Absurd ‘Real Housewives’ Business Ever

But the veteran journalist doesn’t let the weight of history interfere with her light-hearted decor, which she executed with help from designer John Bossard, or her presence on a show known for being a touch over the top.
“I have always approached Housewives as a comedy,” she says. “In the past, at times, it felt like everyone else was on a drama. This season, though, was genuine comedy—and viewers responded. Given all the darkness in our culture right now, people just want to laugh. Luann falling into the bushes gave me life.”
Read the full story on archdigest.com. 
/n