House Of Horrors! Denise Claims Charlie's Goons Broke Into Her Home, Stole Jewelry/n
Denise Richards is suing Charlie Sheen after he sold the home where she was living with their two girls. But RadarOnline.com has learned her dream home turned into a nightmare shortly before she moved out, when the interior was allegedly trashed.
In a sworn declaration, Richards hints at trouble at the home.
“Before I had completely vacated the Clerendon residence, Sheen’s representatives caused the locks to be broken and changed on two occasions, and removed my jewelry and several of the children’s clothes,” the James Bond star claimed in the court documents obtained by Radar.
PHOTOS: See All Of Charlie Sheen’s Porn Star Girlfriends
As Radar reported, Richards, 44, is asking a Los Angeles judge to force Sheen, 50, to either put $7 million in cash into the trust fund for Sam, 11, and Lola, 10, or purchase a home of equal value, after the actor sold the Mulholland Estates mansion that had been titled to a trust for the girls.
But according to an insider, the incidents described in the court documents were only part of Richards’ bizarre experiences at the property.
Before moving out of the mansion last year, “Denise had carpet installed in several of the bedrooms that had hardwood flooring. She wanted the house to look perfect for prospective buyers,” a source claimed. “But just weeks after the carpet was installed, someone tracked mud and dog feces all over it. This was in all of the bedrooms with the new carpet. It was obviously done with malice because no other rooms in the house suffered any damage.
“The carpet had to be taken out after it had just been installed,” said the source. “What a total waste of money. Whoever did it was just childish.”
PHOTOS: Charlie Sheen’s Expertise Of Hiring Prostitutes, Hiding Porn, Drug Meltdowns & More In Jon Cryer’s New Book
There’s no indication or claim that Sheen or his associates were responsible. But it’s all part of a nasty history at the house that Richards would love to forget.
Meanwhile, the source said, “Denise hasn’t spoken to Charlie in weeks, and neither have the girls. She is simply fighting for them, period. For anyone to say this is a money grab on her part, isn’t aware of all the facts. Everything will come out in court. This was the last thing Denise wanted to do, but Charlie refused to resolve the issue. She was left with no other choice.”
UPDATE: 
A source close to Sheen told Radar. “The house was shown to several Hollywood insiders, including a big time actor. They were stunned at the condition of the house, and aghast as it looked like squatters had been living there. There was feces all over the carpets. There were dog cages all over the house that had the name Richards on them. Denise had been living in the house with at least 13 dogs at a time. It’s ridiculous for anyone to even insinuate Charlie or anyone in his camp destroyed the house, took Denise’s jewelry, broke the locks, or took the kids’ clothes. The truth will come out in court.” /n