 Nick Viall 'Miserable' With New Fiancée Vanessa After Discussing 'Hard' Relationship.../n
Nick Viall and Vanessa Grimaldi made their first public appearance together on After the Final Rose – but Bachelor nation isn’t convinced they’re going to live happily ever after! From Grimaldi complaining about their relationship issues to their awkward interaction, fans believe a split is in the near future.
On After the Final Rose, Grimaldi confessed that their relationship has been “hard.”
“I love him, we love each other, but there are days that have been difficult,” she admitted. “There have been moments when I wanted him to be a little more empathetic toward my feelings. So we’ve had our challenges with that, but at the end of the day, we both love each other. We want to make this work.”
When Viall, 26, joined her, he too admitted it’s been “difficult”
PHOTOS: So Happy Together! Britt Nilsson & Brady Toops Show Off Romance On Social Media –– ‘The Bachelorette’ Stars Rebound In 6 Photos
“We’ve had our struggles, but we’re good communicators and we talk,” he said. “But we do try to be that team. I think we’re still looking forward to having that first normal moment.”
When host Chris Harrison asked if they’re going to get married, Grimaldi replied, “Baby steps.”
The interview didn’t have fans convinced that they’ll make it down the aisle.
PHOTOS: The Hottest Stars Of The Bachelor And Bachelorretes
“Nick and Vanessa seem to be talking a lot more about relationship struggles than couples usually do… not a good sign,” a fan tweeted, as another wrote, “Why does this have ‘it’s not going well’ written all over it?”
A third user commented, “They are very unconvincing as a couple that is still together,” while a fourth wrote, “They don’t seem that excited. It’s like they’re only doing this due to contractual obligation.”
A final fan wrote, “Not buying it… you guys look miserable!”
PHOTOS: The Bachelor House
But their relationship may face its toughest hurdle yet, as Viall will compete on Dancing With the Stars on Monday.
“Vanessa and I talked a lot about it,” Viall said of appearing on the show. “I was very appreciative of her support.”
Do you think they’ll last? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n