Exposed: Oprah Winfrey's LIES Over Snubbed 'Secret Son'/n
Oprah Winfrey has been caught spinning the truth about her “secret son” after RadarOnline.com reported their recent heartbreaking reunion.
The TV titan confessed to Entertainment Tonight that she became devoted to Calvin Mitchell in the ’90s when he was just 11 and approached her on a Chicago movie set.
But, as Radar reported, Oprah tried to adopt Mitchell and provide him with a private school education away from his real family, but he became homesick and left the school she was paying for him to attend. She then coldly abandoned him when he failed to live up to her high standards.
PHOTOS: Inside Oprah’s Sad Reunion With Boy She Was Once Desperate To Adopt
In the Oct. 29 interview with ET, Oprah said she decided against meeting with Mitchell, now 35, because Radar had arranged their reunion outside a New York City theater on Oct. 15.
Oprah, 61, conveniently failed to tell ET that she’s repeatedly brushed Mitchell off over the years. Back in 2009, the Illinois truck driver managed to approach Oprah when she sponsored a free concert along Chicago’s Michigan Ave.
After he slipped through security, Oprah told Mitchell to give his phone number to one of her bodyguards. He did, but Oprah never called him.
PHOTOS: See Ya, Stepmom! Oprah Winfrey Sells Her Dad’s Home For $1.2 Million After Evicting His Ex
Mitchell left repeated messages for the talk show queen at her Harpo Studios, but she continued to snub him.
Out of desperation, Mitchell came to Radar, hoping to ask Oprah why she severed ties with him when he was just 17.
“The only reason I went to the media was because it was the only way I could get her attention,” the father of two admitted to Radar.
“I wanted to ask Oprah, ‘Why did you leave me? Why did you leave me?'”
In another heartbreak for tragic Mitchell, Oprah’s father, Vernon Winfrey, has also shunned his “secret grandson.”
“I’m all right if I don’t meet him,” the elder Winfrey told Radar. “It doesn’t matter!” /n