It's War! Jay Z's Alleged Love Child In Explosive Courtroom Showdown/n
The messy legal battle involving Jay Z and his alleged love child is heating up, RadarOnline.com has learned, as a trial date has been set for a lawsuit filed by the rapper’s alleged love child, 23-year-old Rymir Satterthwaite against his former attorney.
SEE THE CASE MANAGEMENT ORDER HERE
The lawsuit, which alleged “fraud and corruption,” was filed last November, and a trial date was granted for March 24.
“It is expected that the case will be ready for trial [Dec. 3, 2018] and counsel should anticipate trial to begin expeditiously thereafter,” the case management order states.
PHOTOS: LEGITIMATE SON? Jay Z & Alleged Love Child Are Almost ‘Identical,’ Doctor Says — 10 Pics Of Their ‘Similar’ Features
In Jay Z’s latest legal drama, alleged love child Rymir, his mother, Wanda, and legal guardian Lillie Collie filed a lawsuit against Lillie’s attorney, James Rocco. They accused Rocco of colluding with Jay Z’s legal team to help prevent the rap mogul from ever having to take a DNA test, according to the explosive court documents.
SEE THE SHOCKING COURT DOCUMENTS
The suit also accused Jay Z of lying to the courts about owning property in New Jersey, so he could avoid having to take a paternity test there.
As Radar has reported, Rymir’s mother began her legal battle to prove Jay Z was his father back in 2010. Since then, the rapper and his team of pit-bull lawyers have used a variety of tactics to block a DNA test.
“I will not stop until justice is served in court,” Rymir previously told Radar. “Everybody deserves a fair process in a court of law.”
As reported in January, “Single Ladies” songbird Beyoncé was blindsided by news of Rymir’s existence, and the stunning allegation that Jay Z’s alleged baby mama was a barely legal teen when she got pregnant! The rapper has denied being Rymir’s father.
Story developing.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n