Bella Thorne Has ‘Done Other Stuff with Girls,’ But Never Actually Dated One/n





                    Bella Thorne Has a Crush on Demi Lovato
                







Girl crush alert!

 MORE >>










                    Bella Thorne Gets Naked on Instagram Live
                







Taking #FreeTheNipple to a whole other level.

 MORE >>





Bella Thorne is ready to mingle — particularly with the all the single ladies out there.

The former Disney star, who came out as bisexual last year, tells Harper’s Bazaar she’s “single as f*ck” and cannot wait to date another woman. “I could not be more single. This is the longest I’ve been super single,” Thorne, channeling Marilyn Monroe in the accompanying nude photo shoot, laments. “There are so many unwritten rules about dating which I don’t like.”
“I’ve done other stuff with girls, but I want to actually date a girl,” she admits. “I can’t tell if a girl is hitting on me or she just wants to be friends. And I don’t want to flirt with a girl if she thinks I’m just being her friend. What if I kiss a girl and she’s like, ‘Oh, I’m just your friend dude, I can’t believe you just crossed that boundary.’ I’m confused on what they want from me.”





The 19-year-old adds that dating in Hollywood is even harder. Having had her past relationships — like that alleged fling with Charlie Puth — been scrutinized by the public, the Famous in Love actress is now hesitant to step out with anyone unless they’re super serious.
“Even if I’m not dating somebody, even if we’re just seen hanging out, he must be my boyfriend and we’re moving in and holy shit we’re getting married,” she explains of how her personal life if often misconstrued. “I want to go ice skating and I want to ride dirt bikes or do something dope as a date, but I can’t. Because if I step outside, he’s my boyfriend all of a sudden. So it’s like, ‘Oh fuck, well, we can only go to your house or mine, we can’t leave the house.'”
Thorne, who previously dated Tyler Posey and Gregg Sulkin, isn’t one for a casual hookup, either. “I’d rather be super faithful and give my all to one person,” she tells the publication. “I don’t like having my phone blown up by a bunch of different guys where I don’t really know where I stand with any of them. It sucks.”


bella thorne's hottest looks








































10 Photos »


/n