Julia Roberts Is Selling Her Hawaiian Estate for $30 Million: See Inside and Outside/n





                    Modern Fashion Inspired by Julia Roberts' Iconic 'Pretty Woman' Looks 
                







The rom-com that changed lives.

 MORE >>





For nearly $30 million, you can own Julia Roberts’ historic, beachfront, mountain view, Hawaiian estate.

Located in Hanalei, HI (on the island of Kaua’i), the tropical retreat is set on one of the largest lots in the area. Some of your new neighbors are household names like Mark Zuckerberg and Chuck Norris.


Julia Roberts Is Selling Her Hawaiian Estate for $30 Million: See Inside and Outside








































12 Photos »


Literally right on the beach, you’ll have nearly 200 feet of private beachfront. What’s also ridiculously awesome is that there’s a killer view of the mountains (“mauka and makai,” meaning towards the mountains and seaward).
Roberts bought the 2-acre property for $13.4 million in 2011. The 3,792-square-foot home was built in 1946 and has 7 bedrooms and 4 bathrooms. There’s also a 1-bedroom guest cottage .
Named “The Faye Estate” after the sugar plantation manager who bought it in 1915, four decades before Hawaii became a state, Pacific Business News reports that she’s selling it now for $29.85 million (more than double what she bought it for).
The listing notes Faye “and a few others were privileged with the opportunity to purchase prime Hanalei beachfront lots at auction. The intention was to build summer beach houses on the best section of the Bay.”


Julia Roberts is the New Face of Givenchy Spring '15	






















3 Photos »


Furthermore, he “cleverly combined two of the original Hanalei Beach Lots, resulting in twice the land area and beach frontage of current comparables.”
Not to mention there aren’t too many large lots with expansive, open spaces on Hanalei Bay anymore, as many properties have been subdivided.
Plus, should you feel compelled to renovate or add any buildings to the property (if all that isn’t enough), up to 9,000 additional square feet is permitted to build.
Um, sounds awesome. Where do we sign? And why is she selling this amazing estate?! Well, reportedly Roberts has another Hawaii home…so, there’s that.
Check out pics of her gorgeous estate and the property in the gallery above.
Other celebs who own property on Kaua’i’s North Shore include Ben Stiller, Bette Midler, and Pierce Brosnan.
[Zillow]

/n