Holiday Gift Ideas For Everyone!/n
Trying to figure out what to buy your loved one this holiday season?
We have been shopping around all year for the newest and coolest products on the market, in order to make your life easier! Many of the products we have selected for our Holiday Gift Guide are just a click away, so start your shopping now!
PHOTOS: Shop For The Guys
Guys can be difficult to shop for, but we have something for every kind of man out there.  From swanky Tumi luggage with personalized gadgets (like speakers!) and luxe grooming kits from The Art of Shaving to a totally sleek 3D Panasonic VIERA Plasma TV, we have items at every price point.
PHOTOS: Shop For The Bombshell
If you are shopping for a Bombshell (a la Kim Kardashian and Jennifer Lopez) then glamour is the top priority!  Among the several awesome items we selected are Adam and Eve inspired Garden of Eden salt and pepper shakers from Jonathan Adler, Victoria’s Secret fragrance sets and an Adrienne Landau for ARCADE Boutique raccoon fur vest.
PHOTOS: Shop For The Hippie Chic
For the ultimate Hippie Chic (think Kate Hudson and the Olsen Twins), the more boho the better!  Any laid back and luxe lady will love an orchid arrangement from Hawaiian Magic, a fragrance gift set from Kai or bohemian fringed cashmere scarf from Milli.
PHOTOS: Shop For The Rocker
Does your pal rock hard and play even harder?  From a Fender Blacktop Series guitar to a 1020 by nicole beanie (which Megan Fox, Audrina Patridge and Amy Adams all rock with style), we have a variety of clothes and accessories that she will love at every price point.
PHOTOS: Shop For The Girly-Girl
If she’s a girly-girl like Taylor Swift and Reese Witherspoon, then she will love Nolan’s animal charm necklaces (which are a fave of Audrina Patridge), a special Stila Holiday Lip Glaze set, or the Design A Bag Kit by 1154, where she can choose from fabric swatches to create her dream clutch.
PHOTOS: Shop For The Sophisticate
If the woman in your life has sophisticated and timeless style like Gwyneth Paltrow and Anne Hathaway, then make sure to stick with modern classics. We love Yosi Samra’s fold up ballet flats ($55-$65), which are available in every color under the sun and you can never go wrong with a pair of oversized Jee Vice shades.  If money is no object and you want to give a gift that keeps on giving every morning, then check out the Saeco Xelsis Digital ID coffee machine, that actually remembers your favorite brew every morning!
PHOTOS: Shop For The Kid In Your Life
And finally, for the youngsters in your life, check out our assortment of educational toys from DuneCraft, PJ sets from PJ Salvage and other fun toys and gadgets, which will keep them entertained for hours.
Keep checking back to RadarOnline.com for more holiday gift ideas! /n