WATCH: Kathy Griffin Breaks Down At Trump Press Conference: 'He Broke Me!'/n
Kathy Griffin and high-powered attorney Lisa Bloom held a press conference on Friday to defend the controversial image of the comedian holding the decapitated head of Donald Trump, tearfully defending her actions.
“He broke me,” the 56-year-old cried to cameras during the conference, crying hysterically over the president’s alleged “bullying” following the incident.
“I don’t think I will have a career after this. . .I was just like, ‘This is not right.’ Then I saw the tide turning and I started to see what was really happening. There is a bunch of old white guys trying to silence me and that is wrong,” she said.
PHOTOS: Hollywood Turns On Kathy! Celebs & Politicians Slam Griffin For Tasteless Trump Post
As readers know, Griffin proudly tweeted a shocking photo that showed her holding a bleeding beheaded mannequin in the likeness of President Trump, backtracking and begging the world for forgiveness for the “disturbing” image just hours later.
Following the scandal, Griffin was fired from CNN, where she has hosted New Year’s Eve Live with network anchor Anderson Cooper since 2007.
Meanwhile, Squatty Potty announced Wednesday morning that the company had cut ties with Griffin, dropping her from a big endorsement deal.
PHOTOS: A-List Tell-All! Kathy Griffin Exposes MORE Sick Secrets About Ellen, Britney & Others 
“I make mistakes,” Griffin continued. “I just wanted to say if you don’t stand up you get run over. A sitting president of the US and the first lady I feel are personally trying to ruin my life forever. Forever. I know him. He is never going to stop. The death threats that I am getting are constant and they are detailed and they are specific. I believe so passionately about this.”
“This president of all people are going to come after me? He picked the wrong read head. So that is what I do. I don’t want this to happen to anyone else. I tour for a living. I love doing it. I perform everywhere people want me to laugh. I am not good at being appropriate. I am only doing comedy in one way. I make fun of the president and I am going to make fun of the president. I am going to make fun of him more now,” the comedian concluded.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n