Personal Chef Spills The Beans On Gisele Bundchen's Strict Family Diet/n
Gisele Bundchen and Tom Brady‘s diet secrets have been revealed! The power couple’s personal chef, Allen Campbell, “dished” on their ultra-healthy eating habits — and RadarOnline.com has all the dirt.
“So, 80 percent of what they eat is vegetables. [I buy] the freshest vegetables. If it’s not organic, I don’t use it. And whole grains: brown rice, quinoa, millet, beans,” Campbell recently told Boston.com. “The other 20 percent is lean meats: grass-fed organic steak, duck every now and then, and chicken. As for fish, I mostly cook wild salmon.”
Looks like Gisele may be giving Goop mogul Gwyneth Paltrow a run for her money when it comes to strict eating rules for her brood!
PHOTOS: David Hasselhoff Performs In A Hitler Costume At The Indig02 In London
The family’s plant-based diet — with ingredients purchased mostly from Whole Foods — helps to “reverse and prevent” disease, Campbell explained.





 Happy birthday my love! We're so blessed to have you in our lives. Thank you for always giving us so much love. We love you! #love #family ❤️❤️❤️ Feliz aniversário meu amor! Nós somos muito abençoados por tê-lo em nossas vidas. Obrigada por sempre nos dar tanto amor. Nós te amamos! #Amor #família
A photo posted by Gisele Bündchen (@gisele) on Aug 3, 2015 at 6:46am PDT



With two young children in the mix, you’d think it would be hard for Tom and Gisele to keep junk food out of the house — but not for this dynamic duo ! The couple’s chef even gave daughter Vivien, 3, her first meal.
“I cook for the kids, but Gisele makes Benny’s [her son, 7] lunch to take to school. She packs that herself,” Campbell said.
PHOTOS: Serial Killers In A Skirt — 30 Cold Blooded Murderers Who Are Women





 The Pancake master!!! #bestpancakesintheworld #teamwork #healthypancakes ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ O mestre da panqueca!!! #melhorpanquecadomundo #trabalhoemequipe #panquecassaudáveis
A photo posted by Gisele Bündchen (@gisele) on Jan 4, 2015 at 5:26am PST



But don’t worry, Campbell said the job itself is fun too.
“If I was cooking for anyone else who didn’t respect and appreciate my food as much as they did, it wouldn’t be as gratifying for me,” he said of the Brady’s. “I think that’s what makes me happy at the end of the day.”
“I get to really do what I want, and they get to benefit,” Campbell added. /n