UFC President Calls Meryl Streep’s Commentary on MMA Fighting ‘Uneducated’/n





                    Donald Trump Calls Meryl Streep 'One of the Most Over-Rated Actresses'
                







Excuse me?!?

 MORE >>





The MMA and UFC communities have now joined Donald Trump in criticizing Meryl Streep’s Cecil B. DeMille Award acceptance speech that she gave at the 2017 Golden Globes.

During her Golden Globes address that called out the President-elect for mocking a New York Times reporter during his campaign, Streep told viewers that if Trump were to kick foreigners in Hollywood out of the United States, “you’ll have nothing to watch but football and mixed martial arts, which are not the arts.” UFC President Dana White responded to the actress’s commentary in a video interview with TMZ, calling Streep an “uppity, 80-year-old lady.”
“Of course [MMA is] an art. These fighters, these men and women are so talented…saying something stupid like that is like saying…she’s not a talented actress which she is,” said White in the video at the top of the page. “We have fighters from all over the world…She’s not educated about the sport and that was a completely uneducated comment.”


	2017 Golden Globes: Meryl Streep Accepts the Cecil B. DeMille Award








































10 Photos »


Bellator MMA President Scott Coker responded in his own way on Twitter Sunday night. “Meryl, I’m a lifelong fan of your work but also a lifelong martial artist who happens to promote mixed martial arts around the world,” Coker wrote in a tweet. “The global sport of mixed martial arts celebrates male and female athletes from all around the work who work years tirelessly honing their craft and – yes – art. They come from every country and every walk of life.”
Coker also invited Streep to an MMA event at the LA Forum in late January, where she would see “that Mixed Martial Arts is truly artistic.” Read the full tweet below and click here to watch Streep’s speech in its entirety.


As a martial artist and an MMA promoter, here is my open letter and #Bellator170 invite to the very talented #MerylStreep #GoldenGlobes pic.twitter.com/zostN22RAK
— Scott Coker (@ScottCoker) January 9, 2017

/n