 He’s Out! Jenelle Evans’ Ex Nathan Released From Jail After Domestic Violence Bust.../n
Nathan Griffith is a free man for now. Jenelle Evans’ ex-fiancé was released from J. Reuben Long Detention Center in Horry County after being arrested and charged with three counts, RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal.
PHOTOS: Teen Mom Porn Star Farrah Abraham’s Sex Book Seems True To Life
Griffith, 29, was held on a $2,000 bond for domestic violence, $262.50 for possession of open containers and $255 for giving false information to law enforcement before his release on December 14 at 4:05 pm, the detention center told Radar.
As Radar exclusively reported, the Teen Mom 2 star’s on-again, off-again girlfriend Jessica Henry accused him of domestic violence on December 12.
“Upon arrival the victim stated she had a history with the offender who is her ex-boyfriend,” the police report obtained from the Myrtle Beach Police Department read. “The victim stated that tonight they were at a bar together and got into a verbal dispute.” 
When they returned to her home, he “got on top of her and began choking her.”
PHOTOS: Farrah Abraham Celebrates 25th Birthday With ‘Teen Mom’ Pal Jenelle Evans
Henry’s roommate claimed to have witnessed Griffith “pinning the victim down on the bed.”
Later in the day, he was arrested by Horry County Police Department for the open container and false information charges. 
He is scheduled to appear in court on May 5.
The recent legal troubles may be a setback in his custody fight with Evans over their son Kaiser, 2. She filed a Motion to Modify Custody by asking a judge to give her “sole physical custody” of their son.
 PHOTOS: Farrah Abraham’s Sex Tape ‘Lies’ Exposed At Last!
But Evans doesn’t seem worried about Griffith’s release, as she retweeted the quote, “Some people will never change, and you have to accept that. No regrets. Just lessons learned.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.
  /n