Prince Charles Wrote Nancy Reagan Anguished Letters About Split From Diana/n
Prince Charles wrote his friend Nancy Reagan heartbroken letters about his split from Princess Diana, according to The Mail on Sunday. The astonishing treasure trove of missives has only now come to light after the former First Lady died last year.
After the breakdown of his marriage to Princess Diana, Prince Charles wrote to Nancy in a letter dated June 21, 1992, “No one can really understand what it all means until it happens to you, which is why it all keeps getting worse and worse. One day I will tell you the whole story. It is a kind of Greek tragedy and would certainly make a very good play!”
The news brought to light what many didn’t know—that Charles was a close pal of the wife of the late former U.S. President Ronald Reagan. He first met the political couple when Reagan was Governor of California.
PHOTOS: Shocking Scandals Of The Royal Family
The Prince wrote letters to both Reagans in a friendship that lasted four decades, ending with Nancy’s death at age 94 in 2016.
The letters were part of Nancy’s private collection which were handed over to the Ronald Reagan Presidential Foundation and Library in Simi Valley, California after her death.
For years they have reportedly been in boxes stored at secret warehouses throughout the Los Angeles area and have only now been revealed.
PHOTOS: The Sexiest Young Royals
They are being made public thanks to the late President and his wife’s insistence that their papers should be available as an historical archive, noted the British publication.
The Mail reported that Prince Charles wrote to Nancy about his marriage to Di, “It is so awful…very few people would believe it.”
He also showed support against haters of Nancy, writing, “We live in an increasingly uncivilised world. I know exactly the methods these dreadful people employ to create the maximum amount of controversy… so as to make the maximum amount of money.”
PHOTOS: Royal No-Show! Meghan Markle Dines ALONE With Mom After Prince Harry Snub
In addition, the royal expressed his pain over the death of the Queen Mother, penning in a note to Nancy, “I have dreaded her eventual departure… she leaves an enormous chasm in my life.”
Prince Charles was also worried about getting flak on his tenth wedding anniversary, writing, “There are a whole series of ghastly books coming out… you can imagine what they will contain.”
However, in an earlier letter, Charles seemed very much in love with Diana, praising her for dazzling on the White House dance floor in 1985, when Ronald Reagan was President.
PHOTOS: Never Forgotten! Princess Kate Makes Touching Tribute To Diana At Royal Event
Charles and Di were officially divorced in 1996. Fans around the world were devastated when Diana died in a car accident the following year in Paris.
Numerous 20-year anniversary specials about the “People’s Princess” are airing this year to mark her tragic death.
In 2005, the Prince finally married his longtime mistress Camilla Parker Bowles, who was a big cause of his marital problems with Diana. Camilla has frequently caused controversy for Charles, but they have stuck together.
According to The Mail, the Prince’s letters to the Reagans vary in tone and content and are written in the Prince’s trademark black ink on crested notepaper from his various homes.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n