Iggy Azalea’s Ex-Boyfriend Claims the Rapper Gave Him an STD/n





                    I-G-G-Bye
                







How did Iggy Azalea go from a promising rap star to a complete laughing stock?

 MORE >>










                    Iggy Azalea Wants to Hide
                







"Some days I want to crawl in my cave," she says. 

 MORE >>





Iggy Azalea may be getting married to Nick Young, but the Australian rapper still has a score to settle with her one of her exes.

In a new court document from Azalea’s lawsuit with ex-boyfriend Hefe Wine, who is being sued for illegally releasing music the-25-year-old recorded years ago without her permission, Wine, 39, claims the “Fancy” hitmaker knowingly gave him a sexually transmitted disease when the two were together.
Wine, whose real name is Maurice Williams, is now seeking payment for “mental anguish” and asking that Azalea pay for the medical bills he racked up to treat said STD, the Daily Mail reports. He is also demanding that he be granted a temporary restraining order to prevent Azalea from contacting him “by telephone, or in writing in vulgar, profane, obscene, or indecent language or in a coarse or offensive manner.”


a guide to iggy azalea's many feuds








































11 Photos »


According to Azalea, Wine had been threatening to leak this STD tidbit to the press since last year. In October 2014, in response to Wine’s claims that the were actually in a common-law marriage and had produced a sex tape together, Azalea took to Twitter to blast her ex.
She wrote:


My lawyer agreed to be served "divorce" papers but they want to hire someone to serve me in person, probably so it can be another TMZ story.
— IGGY AZALEA (@IGGYAZALEA) October 17, 2014



I also was told yesterday via his lawyer if i do not settle out of court they will go to the press and say i gave him an STD, whats next?
— IGGY AZALEA (@IGGYAZALEA) October 17, 2014



Unfortunately to file common law "divorce" all you need is three of your friends to sign a statement swearing the persons story is true.
— IGGY AZALEA (@IGGYAZALEA) October 17, 2014

Currently, Azalea and Wine’s “divorce” case is still pending in Texas court. While Azalea’s legal team claims that there was never a marriage agreement between the two parties, Wine argues that the two had entered into a common-law marriage when they were living together.
According to Texas law, a common-law marriage constitutes as when “a man and a woman who live together for any length of time are considered legally married if they agree to be married and hold themselves out to others as husband and wife.”
Wine, under this criteria, claims that he is married to Azalea as they had lived together from 2008 to 2013.

/n