The Bachelorette's Rachel Lindsay: Fans Didn't Get to See the "Essence" of Bryan Abasolo ABC Bachelor & Bachelorette Status Check! After the final rose has been given, rings exchanged and cameras stop rolling, sometim.../n
If you thought something was missing from The Bachelorette, you're right. After getting engaged in the season finale, Rachel Lindsay and Bryan Abasolo told E! News' Zuri Hall that the "essence of Bryan" was left out."It's a week of filming that's put into two hours, so obviously some parts are left out. I hate that you don't get to see the essence of Bryan," Rachel said.‘It wasn't all making out," Bryan quipped.Because there was no real drama with Bryan, you didn't get to see their full story.

"You didn't really get to see our love story unfold the way that I felt it did. We had a lot of depth to our relationship. It's very mature…Through time, maybe people will see that," Rachel said. She noted their passion is real and Bryan had an "effortless" way to pull her out of her shell."What you see between us, that's real," she said. "We have a great balance."Bryan said because they had no drama and instant chemistry, well, you didn't get to see a lot of him on screen. "I guess maybe that's why you didn't see a lot of our in-depth interactions because everything was so great and that's a tribute to how well we get along with each other, how well we get along together," he said.

However, the reality series certainly did depict Rachel's other relationships, including Rachel's ongoing conversations with Peter Kraus about commitment."Specifically that part, I mean, I felt frustrated. I felt frustrated, especially for her, that she had to go through that. Knowing me, being the secure man, the guy that's committed that knows what he wants, and in contrast seeing somebody that is wishy-washy and really doesn't know what he wants," Bryan said, "but at the same time can say I'm in love with you and want to offer you all these future things, but at the same time can't step up and take action."See which Bachelor couples are still together below.

Be sure to watch E! News at 7 and 11 p.m. for more from Rachel and Bryan.
/n