 Life Is Hard! Kylie Jenner 'Can't Take' Being Bullied: 'I Breakdown, I Hide, I Cry' --.../n
Kylie Jenner has been in the spotlight since she was a young child, and as a result, has more money at age 18 than most people will see in their lives. But the attention has not been all positive, and now the reality star is opening up about her own bullying, and using her social media platform to bring attention to the epidemic.
.
In an Instagram post, Jenner share a photo of Lizzie Velasquez, a young woman who suffers from a rare congenital condition that renders her incapable of accumulating body fat. Velasquez, who was called the world’s ugliest woman in a mean-spirited youtube video, has dedicated her life to uplifting others, inspiring them to overcome obstacles and to believe in their own strength.
PHOTOS: Plastic Surgeons Weigh In On Kylie Jenner’s Transformation – See The Shocking Changes In 11 Photos





 #Day4 – I'm getting a little more personal… When Lizzie Velasquez (@LittleLizzieV) was 17 years old, someone posted a video of her on YouTube calling her the world’s ugliest woman. “By the time I saw the video, it had 4 million views.” Now 26 years old, Lizzie’s condition was diagnosed last summer.  Lizzie suffers from a rare congenital disease that less than 10 people in the world are known to have. The disease impedes her from accumulating body fat; she literally has zero percent body fat and has never weighed more than 64 pounds, however though it is not terminal. Throughout her entire life, this condition has resulted in a lot of #bullying. It is so unacceptable to treat people like this. People are so quick to say horrible things about me everyday over and over and sometimes I can't take it. Even I at times get affected by it, I breakdown, I hide, I cry. It's resulted in a lot of anxiety for me that I've never had to deal with before ever. My every move has been documented for the whole world and its been a nightmare trying to find myself through all of this. And I've absolutely lost apart of myself. Lizzie, you are so strong and I admire you so so much. Lizzie has taken that negative energy and has turned it around by traveling around the world doing motivational speeches. When I asked her what the key messages were of her speeches, she told me that “Most importantly I try to convey that all you need to have is a brave heart to accomplish whatever you want to achieve.  Let the negative build you up instead of knocking you down.  You are enough no matter what; you were put on this earth for a reason”  Soon you’ll be able to see her story on the big screen in the documentary film @ABraveHeartFilm in theaters on September 25th. Check out Lizzie’s Instagram @LittleLizzieV – she’s taking a lifetime full of bullying to help teach the world #IAmMoreThan the names they call me. #ImWithLizzie and Lizzie taught me #IAmMoreThan who I think I am. For me, this is expected it comes with the territory. But Lizzie, you should of not had to go through that. Let's change this together. I love you Lizzie! I'll see you soon.
A post shared by Kylie (@kyliejenner) on Sep 4, 2015 at 12:19pm PDT


“People are so quick to say horrible things about me everyday over and over and sometimes I can’t take it,” Jenner said in her post. “Even I at times get affected by it, I breakdown, I hide, I cry. It’s resulted in a lot of anxiety for me that I’ve never had to deal with before ever. My every move has been documented for the whole world and its been a nightmare trying to find myself through all of this. And I’ve absolutely lost apart of myself,” she admitted.
PHOTOS: Lip Service! 10 Times Kylie Jenner Fudged The Truth — Her Biggest Lies & Other Tall Tales REVEALED
“Lizzie taught me #IAmMoreThan who I think I am. For me, this is expected it comes with the territory. But Lizzie, you should of not had to go through that. Let’s change this together,” she challenged her followers.
For some fans, this show of support for the anti-bullying movement rings hollow in light of Jenner’s own history of mean-girl moments. As RadarOnline.com has reported, she has been engaged in an ongoing feud with Blac Chyna, the mother of her boyfriend’s child. She also took a jab at Hunger Games star Amandla Stenberg after she was called out for exploiting cultures without giving back. /n