DWTS Power Couple Maksim Chmerkovskiy & Peta Murgatroyd Pulled Off A Fairytale Wedding — Get ALL The Details!/n

Sounds like a fairytale.
As we previously reported, Maksim Chmerkovskiy and Peta Murgatroyd made things official on Saturday as they finally tied the knot! And the Dancing With The Stars pros' wedding was certainly a lavish affair as the twosome exchanged vows at the Oheka Castle in Long Island.
Related: Get All Your DWTS News HERE!
In fact, it seems as though the castle was always a dream wedding destination for Maks. In regards to his first impression of the massive French-style chateau, the ballroom dancer shared to Us Weekly: 

"I thought it was very Gatsby-esque. I remember I wanted to strive for the ability to organize a wedding in a place like that."
See, folks?? Dreams DO come true!
Still, Chmerkovskiy's wedding day had less to do with the venue and more to do with the fact that he was marrying the mother of his child. According to the magazine's account of the nuptials, the 37-year-old was unable to hold back tears as his love made her way down the aisle to join him beneath a flowered covered chuppah. It's said Murgatroyd walked down the aisle to Tchaikovksy's Nutcracker Suite as an ode to her extensive ballet training.
As Maks put it so eloquently, he just "lost it" when his now mother-in-law Suzanne carried the couple's 6-month-old son, Shai, down the petal-strewn aisle. Awwwww!




G R O O M S M E NA post shared by @maksimc on Jul 12, 2017 at 9:20am PDT






V I N T A G E L O U I S Vs & P O L K A D O T S 📸 @jamielevinephotographyA post shared by @maksimc on Jul 12, 2017 at 9:29am PDT


But the real show stopper was when the bride emerged in her luxurious, pearl-encrusted Karen Sabag Couture ball gown. On his lady's gown, the TV personality admitted:

"By the time she appeared, I was so emotional, I didn't care what it looked like."
We're not crying, YOU are. However, Maks wasn't the only emotional one as Peta strategically avoided eye contact with her father Derek as she knew her tears would take off her makeup. Fair enough.
Related: Nina Dobrev & Glen Powell Are An Item!




H U S B A N D & W I F E My love @petamurgatroyd ….. I've been waiting for this day my whole life. Some moments are a blur because I couldn't stop thinking how incredible you looked. My heart is overwhelmed with love, my soul is elated and my life is finally complete… I truly am the luckiest person ever. 📸: @jamielevinephotography #chmergatroydweddingA post shared by @maksimc on Jul 12, 2017 at 8:13am PDT


Of course, the evening ceremony only got more emotional as the twosome shared moving vows to one another. Although Peta has dubbed Maks' vows as "beautiful," her man admits his delivery was less than perfect. He noted:

"People were telling me, ‘You're going to see her walk down and you're going to know exactly what to say…What they didn't say is, ‘You're going to see her, freeze up and forget what you wanted to say.'"
HA! Miraculously, when the pair sealed their vows with a kiss, a RAINBOW emerged! The newlyweds revealed people "lost their shit" since the rainbow had "perfect timing."




C H U P P A H Can't get over how stunning @metrofloralevents made our wedding look! I have never seen more gorgeous flower arrangements and there were flowers EVERYWHERE!!! Thank you guys for your incredible effort and flawless delivery 🙏🏻 📸 @jamielevinephotography #chmergatroydweddingA post shared by @maksimc on Jul 12, 2017 at 10:13am PDT


The happy couple's DWTS peers were in attendance as Valentin Chmerkovskiy was the best man and Sharna Burgess was one of the bridesmaids. Celebs who've performed on the ABC hit were also there as Rumer Willis (who was also a bridesmaid), Candace Cameron Bure, and Nyle DiMarco were all spotted at the wedding.
Obviously, Julianne Hough wasn't there as she was too busy attending her own wedding. LOLz!
We honestly couldn't be happier for Maks and Peta. Congrats again, you two!
[Image via Us Weekly.]
/n