Your 6 Monday Picks: Selena Gomez, The Weeknd Post and Delete Video from Italy, Mariah Carey Says ‘I Don’t’/n





                    11 Cleaning Products to Stock Up on Before Super Bowl Sunday
                







Are you ready?

 MORE >>





Before you go fetch your first cup of so-so office kitchen coffee, catch up on these celebrity news headlines from over the weekend.

1. Hidden Figures Is Awarded Outstanding Performance by a Cast in a Motion Picture at the 2017 SAG Awards
Taraji P. Henson gave an impassioned speech as she accepted a SAG Award on behalf of the cast of Hidden Figures.
“This film is about unity. The shoulders of the women that we stand on are three American heroes: Katherine Johnson, Dorothy Vaughan, and Mary Jackson. Without them, we would not know how to reach the stars.”

“Love wins every time,” said @TherealTaraji while accepting the best ensemble win for #HiddenFigures at the #SAGAwards. pic.twitter.com/N2m0vGdOYH
— Variety (@Variety) January 30, 2017

See the full list of winners over on Variety.
2. Miss France Is Crowned Miss Universe in the Philippines
Iris Mittenaere, a 23-year-old dental student from France, won the Miss Universe crown on Sunday night (Jan. 29, 2017) in the annual Miss Universe pageant that was held in the Philippines. She said that her status as Miss Universe will make the beauty contest more popular in Europe and help her efforts to put more underprivileged children in school. Read more on Yahoo! News.
3. The Kardashians Board Dan Bilzerian’s Jet and Head to Costa Rica
The Kardashians rented out Dan Bilzerian’s 16-seat Gulfstream G4SP to take them to Costa Rica, costing them $120,000 round trip. See the pics over on TMZ.


The Screen Actors Guild Awards 2017








































35 Photos »


4. Mariah Carey Teases New Music About Split from James Packer
Mariah Carey teased a new song called “I Don’t” on Instagram Sunday night following the series finale of Mariah’s World. Carey explained in the final episode that she was taking her time to reflect and write a song based on what she was going through in her separation from James Packer. Watch the preview below and read a recap of the episode on Us Weekly. “I Don’t,” is set to premiere on Feb. 3.



‪#IDONT‬
A video posted by Mariah Carey (@mariahcarey) on Jan 29, 2017 at 7:16pm PST



 
5. Selena Gomez Posted (and Deleted) a Video of The Weeknd from Their Italian Getaway
Selena Gomez shared a video of her rumored boyfriend The Weeknd while taking a boat ride down a canal, but it was deleted from her account shortly thereafter. See the captured video over on AOL.com.
6. The First Photo from the All-Female Ocean’s Eight Movie Is Here
Here’s your new desktop photo, featuring Sandra Bullock, Rihanna, Mindy Kaling, Cate Blanchett, Anne Hathaway, Helena Bonham Carter, Sarah Paulson and hip-hop artist Awkwafina





Launch the gallery at the top of the page to view the best red carpet photos from the 2017 Screen Actor’s Guild Awards.
/n