 Stassi’s Suicide Shocker! Schroeder Reveals Terrifying Details Of Grandmother's Death.../n
Stassi Schroeder isn’t the only one in her family who may have contemplated suicide, RadarOnline.com has learned.
The Vanderpump Rules star appeared on Hollywood Medium with Tyler Henry, and revealed that her mother Dayna’s mom may have killed herself during the bombshell reading.
“This is a message I want to kind of deliver, and it’s something they do frequently say, but it comes through extra in this case,” medium Tyler Henry began in the clip obtained by Radar. “She does not want her death to be how we remember her when it comes to like, her life.”
“And just recently there was a conversation that was had,” the 21-year-old continued. “People were basically like, ‘Look, let’s focus on her life.’ And I need to emphasize this because she’s coming through a lot. She’s having to talk about her passing and the circumstances that she went. She doesn’t feel like when she went, she had full closure with the people around her.”
PHOTOS: Nude Shoots, Sex Tapes & Lies! Stassi Schroeder’s Biggest Scandals Exposed
“It’s almost like, ‘I want there to be a release of any anger, any frustration, any resentment, any family tension, any family conflict.’ She wasn’t able to have closure or really convey her feelings to the full extent and the feeling is basically, ‘I died without being able to have it resolved.’ Does that make sense?” he asked the reality star.
Schroeder, 29, began to cry and explained that she didn’t know how her grandmother Patti died, but her family believes it was by suicide.
Patti and Schroeder’s mom Dayna were estranged at the time of her passing, but the Straight Up With Stassi host explained that Dayna “got a bad feeling at a party and made [her] dad drive her home.”
She continued to feel “uneasy” for a few days, and finally made Schroeder’s dad Mark drive to Patti’s house to check on her.
PHOTOS: Tom Schwartz & Katie Maloney’s ‘Rocky’ Marriage Implodes During ‘Vanderpump Rules’ Filming
“She was dead,” Schroeder said. “And so she had been there for a few days, and um, nobody knows if she committed suicide or if she accidentally killed herself because she was on medication for things.”
The former SUR-ver claimed she experienced suicidal thoughts herself in a now-deleted tweet from December 2016. She received backlash after a Vanderpump Rules episode, and broke down on social media.
Insiders later revealed to Radar that “she’s not fully suicidal” — she was just “highly emotional.”
Stay with Radar for more.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n