 Autopsy Sensation: Patton Oswalt's Tragic Wife Died Surrounded By Pills & Cocaine!.../n
Patton Oswalt has claimed his wife tragically died of an accidental overdose and heart condition, but documents obtained exclusively by RadarOnline.com reveal that investigators found “cocaine” and piles of pills at the scene!
The actor’s wife, Michelle McNamara, dropped dead in April 2016, at age 46. Earlier this month, Oswalt told fans that her death was caused by a “combination of drugs” and a previously undiagnosed heart condition. A new autopsy report obtained by Radar confirms that cause of death – but that isn’t the whole story.
According to the report, investigators found “multiple pills” and a vial of cocaine at the drug-riddled death scene!
READ The Bombshell Report Here
As for which of those she may have sampled, authorities said that the powerful narcotic fentanyl, antidepressant alprazolam (Xanax), and amphetamines were all discovered in McNamara’s blood stream.
PHOTOS: TV Curse! Most Shocking Reality Star Deaths Of 2016
The antidepressant Bupropion, synethetic opiates like Oxycodone and anti-anxiety benzodiazepine pills were just some of the haul discovered in the veritable drug den.
In all, authorities found five prescription bottles, multiple plastic baggies filled with pills, and two clear plastic bags, “each containing a smaller, clear plastic bag, containing a small brown vial containing apparent white powder.”
“Cocaine and Levamisole” [a worm parasite treatment often cut with cocaine] “were identified in the representative sample” from one vial, and hydroxyephedrine was found in the other.
Still, Oswalt, 48, told cops at the scene that his wife had no known history of narcotics use, according to the documents, and said that she only drank socially. He revealed that she had suffered bouts of depression and was seeing a psychiatrist, but had not threatened suicide.
He even claimed that the Xanax they had found was his!
LAPD have not announced any intentions to charge Oswalt over the possession of the drugs. Meanwhile, he is raising the couple’s daughter, Alice, 7, alone.
Story developing.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n