Veterans Group Slams Marines In Shocking Viral Video For 'Deplorable Behavior' /n
By Debbie Emery – Radar Reporter
As the Marines identified in the viral video urinating on three dead bodies in Afghanistan face criminal charges, a veteran’s group has expressed their condemnation of their inhuman acts.
“Like people worldwide, our entire military and veterans community is outraged by the vile acts portrayed in this video,” said Paul Rieckhoff, Founder and Executive Director of Iraq And Afghanistan Veterans Of America in a statement sent to RadarOnline.com.
“The behavior is deplorable and inexcusable.”
PHOTOS:      Celebs Who Have Done Jail Time
As RadarOnline.com previously reported, a U.S. defense official told ABC News that two of the four Marines involved have been interviewed by officials about the clip, in which the men are gathered around the dead bodies, with one saying, “Golden F***ing showers!” while another one says, “Have a great day, buddy” in the direction of one of the bodies.
In their statement, the IAVA adamantly stressed that the actions of the soldiers should be considered an isolated incident.
PHOTOS:   Celebrities Who Died In Bizarre Circumstances
“This was an act perpetuated by a small few. It in no way reflects the behavior of the almost 2.4 million Americans who have served honorably in Iraq and Afghanistan since 9/11.”
The shocking incident might lead to jail time, as it might have violated the first Geneva Convention, and the IAVA says it supports a full investigation of this incident from officials at the Department of Defense and within the Marine Corps.
PHOTOS:  Sexy Stars Who Have Been Arrested 
“We won’t stand by while our service to our country and our allies is tarnished by the actions of a few,” explained Rieckhoff.
“Our troops and veterans are already facing enormous challenges and stereotypes both overseas and at home, and we encourage the public and media worldwide to refrain from rushing to stereotypes.
PHOTOS: Celebrity Racist Rants
“For 10 years, our troops have served honorably in unimaginably tough conditions – and they continue to do so in Afghanistan and around the world. This incident does not reflect the service, leadership and honor of our new generation of veterans,” he concluded.
The IAVA’s disgust at the actions of the Marines – who are members of a sniper team out of Camp Lejeune, North Carolina – is shared by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Afghan President Hamid Karzai, who have both expressed their dismay over the video.
RELATED STORIES:
Marines In ‘Inhuman’ Viral Video Identified, Could Face Criminal Charges
Iranian-American Given The Death Penalty Is ‘Victim Of Tensions With Iran And America’ 
Marine Corps Condemns Disturbing Viral Video
Iraq War Vet Sought In Murder Of Park Ranger /n