 Leah In Danger? Amber Portwood's Friend Once Busted For Prostitution, Dealing Cocaine.../n
Amber Portwood has let a new friend into her home on recent episodes of Teen Mom OG, but does she know about his troubling criminal past? RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal Portwood’s friend Wayne Hasell has been busted for prostitution, possession of cocaine and other shocking crimes.
According to an online court docket for the state of Indiana, Hasell was arrested and charged with prostitution on December 4, 1995.
He pled guilty to the crime and was sentenced to prison for four days with a 270-day probation period.
PHOTOS: ‘Teen Mom’ Amber Portwood Reveals Her New Home
Only months later, Hasell was charged with two counts of dealing cocaine and one count of possession of cocaine on February 20, 1996. He was held on $30,000 bond at the time of his arrest.
He was found guilty on both counts of dealing cocaine on May 23, 1996.
He was sentenced to 10 years in prison with four years suspended for the first count and 10 years in prison with four years suspended for the second count. He was ordered to serve the sentences concurrently with one another.
PHOTOS: ‘Teen Mom’ Star Amber Portwood Flashes Engagement Ring While Out With Fiancé In NYC
He was also placed on probation for 730 days, and ordered to pay court fines and fees.
Then on September 19, 1999, he was charged with operating a vehicle while intoxicated, operating a vehicle with a blood alcohol count of .08-.15% and driving with a suspended license.
He was found guilty of driving with a blood alcohol level of .08-.15%, while the other two charges were dismissed.
PHOTOS: No More Feuding! ‘Teen Mom’ Amber Portwood & Fiance Matt Baier Visit Her Ex Gary Shirley’s New Baby, Bring Gifts
He was sentenced to eight days in prison and was placed on 180 days of probation.
He was arrested for a second DWI on November 2, 2000. He was charged with two counts of operating a vehicle while intoxicated and one count of public intoxication.
Hasell was found guilty of operating a vehicle while intoxicated and was found not guilty of public intoxication. He was sentenced to 365 days in prison. He was also placed on probation for two years. For the second count, he was sentenced to 30 days in prison and was placed on probation for 365 days.
PHOTOS: Former Gal Pal Of Amber Portwood’s Fiancé: ‘He is Conning, Manipulating & Lying!’
Hasell appeared on a recent episode of TMOG when he helped the couple move into their new home.
But he isn’t the only former drug user around her daughter Leah, 7, as Portwood’s soon-to-be stepson Chris will live with her and her fiancé Matt Baier to kick his drug habit.
Do you think it’s safe to have her daughter near Hasell? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n