UPN, WB to Combine to Form New Network/nBy SETH SUTEL, AP BUSINESS WRITER Two small, long-struggling television networks --  UPN and The WB -- will shut down this fall and programming from both  will be used to launch a new network aimed mainly at young and  minority viewers.  The new network will be called The CW --  "C " for CBS Corp. and   "W " for Warner Bros. -- each of which will own half of the new  entity and contribute programs, assets and executives to the  venture.  The new network will draw on programming from both UPN, whose  shows include  "Everybody Hates Chris " and  "Veronica Mars, " as  well as from the slate of The WB, which includes  "Supernatural, "   "Smallville " and  "Everwood. "  Tribune Co., a Chicago-based media company, will relinquish its  22.5 percent stake in The WB in exchange for a 10-year affiliation  deal to carry the new network on 16 of its stations. The rest of  The WB was owned by Time Warner Inc., parent of Warner Bros.  The CW will also be carried on 11 stations owned by UPN, a unit  of CBS Corp., guaranteeing the network carriage in about 47 percent  of the country and 20 of the top 25 TV markets. Network executives  said they hoped to have agreements in place to cover most of the  rest of the country by the time it launches in the fall. UPN and The WB had both struggled to compete against larger  rivals in the broadcast TV business, including Walt Disney Co.'s  ABC, General Electric Co.'s NBC, CBS Corp.'s CBS and News Corp.'s  Fox. Both place consistently behind their larger rivals in the  Nielsen ratings race and have been financial burdens on their  parent companies.  Barry Meyer, the head of Warner Bros., said at a news conference  his company had anticipated a  "challenged " environment ahead for  smaller networks, and said the new venture had a good chance of  being profitable as soon as it launches. He said the companies  would operate more efficiently as one, but he declined to say how  much savings they expected to get or how many jobs might be cut.   "Looking down the road, this was much better than keeping UPN  alive, " Leslie Moonves, the chief executive of CBS, said. CBS  became a separate company from Viacom Inc., the owner of MTV and  VH1, at the beginning of the year.  However, it's not yet clear that the combination of two  struggling networks will result in a strong one, or even one that  is a money-winner. Hal Vogel, a longtime media analyst and author  of a book on entertainment industry economics, called the  combination  "inevitable, " saying  "these companies were not  making money for anybody. "   "Chances are, in five years they may not exist at all, or it  may be something else, but right now it's better than going  alone, " Vogel said.  "This makes sense -- it's not a slam-dunk  proposition, but it makes sense. Six networks was too many. "  The combination will trigger a shake-up of network affiliations  in a number of cities. In the seven cities that have a  Tribune-owned station and also one UPN-owned station, the companies  have already divvied up which ones will carry the new network --  Tribune stations in four markets, and CBS-owned ones in the other  three.  In other cities that have both WB affiliates and UPN affiliates  that are not owned by either CBS or Tribune, it's not yet clear  what will happen or what financial arrangements will be made. Meyer  said the network would be looking at each market individually.  The deal also opens the question of what will happen to the nine  UPN-affiliated stations that are owned by the Fox network's parent  company, News Corp. Fox already has its own stations in most of  those markets, and several of those cities also have stations that  will become affiliates of The CW.   "We view this change as an opportunity for us, " News Corp.  spokesman Andrew Butcher said.  "We'll be working hard over the  next few months to reprogram prime time, and we'll be ready with a  new slate in September. "  Among the Tribune stations that will join the new network are  its flagship WGN in Chicago as well as WPIX in New York, and KTLA  in Los Angeles.  The CW will air 30 hours of programming, seven days a week,  following the model of The WB. Six nights of prime time shows will  air Monday through Friday 8-10pm and Sundays 7-10pm. There will  also be shows on weekday and Sunday afternoons, and five hours of  children's programs on Saturday morning.  The new network will based in a new, yet-to-be determined  location, network executives said. Both networks are based in  Southern California, The WB in Burbank and UPN in Brentwood. Both  networks launched in early 1995.  Dawn Ostroff, who is currently president of UPN, will become the  president of entertainment at The CW, overseeing programming, while  John Maatta will oversee business operations as chief operating  officer. Maatta had been COO of The WB.  CBS shares rose $1.08, or 4 percent, to $26.90 in trading  Tuesday on the New York Stock Exchange, while Tribune's fell 25  cents to $29.65. Time Warner's shares rose 18 cents, or 1.1  percent, to $17.27./n