Leo Moving to Greener Pastures/n
Leonardo DiCaprio is movin' on up to the green side.  The ecoconscious actor has purchased a condo in Riverhouse, a green-spirited building overlooking the Hudson River in Manhattan's affluent Battery Park City neighborhood.  The Departed star is expected to move in this summer, according to the Sheldrake Organization, Riverhouse's developer. Among the features making the tony residence perfect for one of Hollywood's first hybrid owners: a pholtovoltaic grid atop the building allowing tenants to soak up plenty of solar energy; park-style foliage planted atop 75 percent of all open roof space; 264 units decked out with locally obtained renewable materials and low- or nonpollutant paints, sealants and adhesives; and air and water filters to make sure its well-heeled residents aren't sucking in anything nasty with their morning breath of fresh air.  Although DiCaprio wouldn't say which amenity is most appealing to him—the 50-foot lap pool, the fully equipped fitness center, the dog spa, the in-house branch of the New York Public Library or the ground-floor storefront recently leased by the Action Center to End World Hunger—he did indicate via his publicist he's impressed with what Riverhouse has to offer.  “Riverhouse is a prime example of how green technology is both accessible and achievable for new residential developments—it is a groundbreaking building," he told New York Magazine.   Per the magazine, the development has been LEED-certified gold, the second-highest ranking assigned by the Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design, which sets the standards for green building in the U.S.  DiCaprio also has a home in Los Angeles, which he outfitted with solar panels. The 33-year-old Oscar nominee is currently in Boston, filming Martin Scorsese's Shutter Island, his fourth collaboration with the director.  He recently wrapped production on the Ridley Scott-helmed CIA thriller Body of Lies, in which he plays an ex-journalist recruited by the U.S. government to track an al Qaeda leader in Jordan.The concerned citizen also served as producer and narrator on the state-of-the-Earth documentary The 11th Hour, which arrives on DVD on Tuesday, suitably encased in 100-percent biodegradable packaging.  
/n