Nick Gordon Arrested For Battery, False Imprisonment Of Girlfriend/n
The late Bobbi Kristina Brown‘s controversial former boyfriend Nick Gordon was arrested today in Sanford, Florida, police have confirmed to Radar.
According to Ronny Neal, the public information officer for Sanford Police Department, an alleged “female victim called the police at 8:04 a.m. this morning and reported that she’d been battered by Nick Gordon. The officer made contact with Nick by his pool and arrested him for battery. He’s in jail.”
It’s being reported that the alleged victim is Gordon’s current girlfriend.
PHOTOS: Nick Gordon Reveals Chilling New Details About Bobbi Kristina’s Death
As Radar readers know, Gordon was found legally responsible for the death of Whitney Houston’s daughter Bobbi Kristina in September. Her estate filed a wrongful death lawsuit against Gordon. Gordon was ordered to pay more than $36 million to Bobbi Kristina’s estate because he was a no-show in court, as Radar reported. Sources have told Radar he is bankrupt and can’t pay.
On Jan. 31, 2015, Gordon and a friend found Bobbi Kristina face down in a bathtub in her Georgia home. Gordon performed CPR and she was rushed to the hospital. Bobbi Kristina’s life couldn’t be saved, however, and she died in July 2015 while in hospice care.
Bobbi Kristina’s mom (and singer Bobby Brown’s former wife) Houston died at age 48 in the Beverly Hilton hotel bathtub in Feb. 2012 of accidental drowning –with heart disease and cocaine use as contributing factors. Her mourning daughter would suffer a bizarrely similar fate nearly three years later.
PHOTOS: Nick Gordon Steps Out On 1-Year Anniversary Of Bobbi Kristina Brown’s Death
But Gordon was found legally responsible for Bobbi Kristina’s death last year.
The daughter of the “I Will Always Love You” singer and R & B star Bobby was just 22 years old when she died. Gordon, who was raised by Houston from the age of 12, had shocked Houston’s fans when he got engaged to Bobbi Kristina in Oct. 2012. In Jan. 2014, Bobbi Kristina and Gordon announced their “marriage” but her father Bobby’s attorney said they never actually wed.
Gordon’s arrest story is developing….
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n