Found! Jenelle Evans' Ex Nathan Griffith Arrested After 'Choking' Girlfriend/n
Nathan Griffith wasn’t on the run for long! RadarOnline.com has exclusive details on the Teen Mom 2 star’s arrest after his on-again, off-again girlfriend Jessica Henry accused him of domestic violence.
“He’s here,” the Horry County Police Department told Radar. “He was arrested for possession of an open container and giving false information to law enforcement.”
Griffith will face a judge this morning on the charges.
Jenelle Evans‘ ex-fiancé also has charges in Myrtle Beach after he allegedly choked Henry during a domestic dispute.
PHOTOS: Courtroom Showdown! Jenelle Evans Battles With Baby Daddy Over Money
“Upon arrival the victim stated she had a history with the offender who is her ex-boyfriend,” the police report obtained from the Myrtle Beach Police Department read of the December 12 incident. “The victim stated that tonight they were at a bar together and got into a verbal dispute.”
When they returned home, their argument turned violent.
“The offender got on top of her and began choking her,” the report read. “The victim stated that she started yelling the involved other’s name for help.”
PHOTOS: Nathan Allegedly Slams Fiancée Jenelle In Private Tweets To Actress
Henry’s roommate claimed to have witnessed Griffith “pinning the victim down on the bed.”
Before he left, he allegedly “went outside and started yelling then left just before police arrived.”
This isn’t the first time Griffith reportedly assaulted Henry. Griffith was arrested on August 21 for aggravated assault and burglary.
PHOTOS: It’s Over! Jenelle Evans Breaks Up With Fiancé Nathan Griffith — For Good!
“She said while she was being choked, she started gagging and was in extreme pain,” the report read. “[The offender] choked her until the point where she could not breath.”
Griffith is currently fighting Evans in court, as she filed a Motion to Modify Custody by asking a judge to give her “sole physical custody” of their son Kaiser.
WBTW was the first to report the arrest.
Story developing.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n