 Christina Could Have Been Saved! Grimmie's Parents Claim Her Murder Didn't Have To Happen.../n
Christina Grimmie’s parents are fighting for justice after her brutal shooting in Orlando, begging a judge not to dismiss their lawsuit against AEG, the company they believe is responsible for her death.
In exclusive court documents obtained by RadarOnline.com, Albert and Tina Grimmie recalled the horrific murder of their child, a singer and star of The Voice.
“This case arises out of the tragic death of Christina Victoria Grimmie, a 22-year-old singer, songwriter and music performer whose highly successful career was brutally cut short when she was shot to death on June 10, 2016,” the documents state.
Grimmie’s parents, explained the gruesome way she was killed, writing, “Christina’s killer, Kevin Loibl (“Loibl”) was able to enter The Plaza Live Theater with two 9mm Glock handguns, two full magazines and a large hunting knife,” and claimed that the company that hired her had not hired extensive security and therefore caused her death.
READ THE HEARTBREAKING DOCUMENTS HERE 
“He was able to bring these weapons into The Plaza Live Theater notwithstanding the presence of security personnel hired by the Orlando Philhatmonic Orchestra, who conducted bag checks at the entrance of the theater, but failed to detect Loibl’s arsenal,” the documents state.
“Although the presence of security personnel demonstrates that Defendants were aware of the possibility of violent actions at the theater, including against Christina and the other performers, the security personnel stationed at the entrance of The Plaza Live Theater did not use stationary metal detectors, metal detector wands or body pat downs to ensure that attendees at the scheduled concert did not have firearms or other weapons upon entering the theater,” the documents claim.
The teen singing sensation, who was discovered by Selena Gomez’ mother, was placed in harm’s way, her parents argued.
“In an apparent cost-cutting measure, defendant Orlando Philharmonic Orchestra fired The Plaza Live Theater’s general manager, who had been employed there for six years, a mere nine days before the shooting, replacing him with a new general manager, Jim Heffelfinger, who had only worked at the theater for 7-10 days before Christina’s death,” they claim.
In the documents, Grimmie’s parents also described her brother’s “heroic actions,” during the killing.
“After Christina’s performance, while she was conducting a ‘meet and greet’ with fans, Loibl fired three shots into her. His barrage was only stopped by Christina’s older brother and road manager, plaintiff Marcus Grimmie, who wrestled Loibl to the ground, before Loibl broke free and killed himself. Marcus sustained a quadriceps tear on his left leg and body bruises as a result of his heroic actions, and lives with the emotional distress resulting from witnessing his sister being shot to death in front of him,” they claim.
They argued that the judge should not agree to the defendant’s request to dismiss the charges.
“Christina passed away the same evening after being shot by Loibl,” Radar’s documents state.
“The simple fact is that, had defendants taken reasonable security precautions at The Plaza Live Theater, and prevented Loibl from entering with his arsenal, Christina would be alive today.”
The attorney asked for the judge to deny the motion, writing, “Christina’s meteoric career was clearly still on the rise at the time of her death. For the reasons set forth below, Defendants have offered no reason for dismissing this case at this early stage before any discovery has been conducted. Their motions to dismiss should be denied.”
Story developing.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night.
  /n