'Teen Mom' Tyler's Heartbreak: Dad Butch Jailed Again One Year After Prison Release/n
Just one year after he was released from a lengthy prison sentence on breaking and entering, home invasion and larceny charges, Teen Mom OG star Tyler Baltierra‘s beloved yet troubled father, Darl “Butch” Baltierra, has been thrown behind bars once again, RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal.
“Catelynn and Tyler are breaking the news to friends,” a source recently told Radar, referring to Tyler’s reality star wife Lowell, 24. “They are obviously upset.”
The 54-year-old Michigan native was locked up in St. Clair County Jail for six days until October 13, a spokesperson for the facility confirmed.
Last Thursday, he was either released of transferred to another correctional institution, the jail rep continued, but according to Baltierra’s Facebook account, it appears that he remains behind bars.
PHOTOS: Who Cried, Who Wasn’t Invited: 10 Behind-The-Scenes Secrets Of ‘Teen Mom OG’ Stars Catelynn Lowell and Tyler Baltierra’s Big Wedding!
When a friend asked how Butch— who claimed to be sober after a lifetime of drug abuse in recent Teen Mom OG episodes— was posting to social media on October 15, his daughter-in-law Catelynn chimed in that his girlfriend was using his phone in his absence.
So, why was Butch locked up again? While his parole officer and the local sheriff’s office failed to comment, St. Clair court records indicate that the bad-news dad was arrested in June for operating a motor vehicle with a suspended license.
He pled guilty to the charges in a court hearing on September 15.
PHOTOS: Cocaine, Gun Fights & Overdoses: ‘Teen Mom’ Sweethearts Catelynn Lowell & Tyler Baltierra’s 11 Most Shocking Drug Secrets Revealed In New Tell-All
“I feel bad about some of the things I’ve done,” Butch told Radar before his August 2015 prison release.
In addition to Tyler’s troubled father, the Teen Mom couple has problems of their own.
As Radar has reported, new mom Catelynn has been struggling with postpartum depression and anxiety, putting an unbearable strain on their one-year marriage.
“You better figure something out soon,” Tyler, 24, threatened his wife on a recent episode of Teen Mom OG. “I can’t do this forever.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n