Ex-Mistress Sarah Symonds Claims Gordon Ramsay's Wife Is LYING About Miscarriage/n
Gordon Ramsay’s sexy blond mistress Sarah Symonds believes the celebrity chef’s wife was never recently pregnant — and suffered a devastating miscarriage — because he had told her during their sizzling seven year affair that he’d had a vasectomy.
“I feel he was motivated to talk about his wife Tana’s ‘phantom’ pregnancy, and then losing the child, for its public relations value and to engender sympathy from his adoring fans,” she said in an exclusive interview with RadarOnline.com.
“I’m asking that he turn over his medical records to prove that he had the procedure reversed!
PHOTOS: Inside Gordon Ramsey’s Stunning Mansion
“I also find it curious that his wife never showed a baby bump up through the fifth month, when he alleged she lost the child.
“Furthermore, she never once talked publicly about being in a pregnant way, leaving that for Gordon to do on a late night talk show [The Late Show with James Corden]. Then, when she miscarried, he once again took control, posting an official statement about it on Facebook” on June 13.
“If somehow her pregnancy was for real and she lost the baby, I truly feel for her,” added Symonds.
“But if that was the case, then it’s also possible that Gordon never had a vasectomy in the first place and lied to me so that he could have unprotected sex! In fact, he only used a condom our last time together at my insistence because I’d been told there were other women. To be on the safe side, I was on the pill when I was with him.”
Charged Symonds: “Gordon blabs about just about everything in his personal life, from getting hair plugs and the like, so why wouldn’t he talk about having had a vasectomy and then getting it reversed? By going public with his story he could have helped so many men going through the same thing—to be a beacon of support.”
PHOTOS: David Beckham and Gordon Ramsay Go Body Boarding
As previously reported, blonde Symonds — once described as a “professional mistress” — had an on-off affair with the foul-mouthed Hell’s Kitchen star that began in 2001 and lasted till 2008.
She even wrote a book about infidelity titled, “Having an Affair? A Handbook for the Other Woman.” She now runs a blog called “Pillow Talk.”
In his Facebook post about the tragic miscarriage, Ramsay wrote: “We had a devastating weekend as Tana has sadly miscarried our son at five months. We’re together healing as a family, but we want to thank everyone again for all of your amazing support and well wishes.”
PHOTOS: Faked Scenes, Lies & Payoffs — The Ultimate Guide To Reality TV Shows
Speaking exclusively to Radar, Symonds questioned Tana’s ability to even get pregnant at age 41, because her last child was conceived with the help of in vitro fertilization, she said.
Symonds blasted Gordon, 49, for treating his wife like a “rag doll” and said she was in denial when their affair broke back in 2008, after a sting operation by a British tabloid exposed their sordid romance.
Ramsay and Tana have been married since 1996. They have four kids, daughters Megan 17, Holly, 16, and Matilda, 14, as well as a son, Jack, 16.
The family splits its time between Los Angeles, London and Cornwall in Southwest England, and describe their family unit as a “team.”
Said Symonds: “I was truly shocked that Tana got pregnant again, to say the least, and would like to get to the bottom of this since Gordon told me in no uncertain terms that he couldn’t have any more kids because of the vasectomy he’d had. So which is it, did he ever have the procedure, was it reversed or was it just another of his many outright lies to me?”
“He owes me some small degree of respect in this matter given we’d been intimate for such a long period,” she blasted.
“It’s the least he could do since, having had unprotected sex — my health was at stake.” /n