Mother Of Second Murder Victim May Have Had Phone Hacked By News Of The World/n
By Cliff Renfrew – Radar Reporter
The scandal which has engulfed Rupert Murdoch’s media empire took a new  twist Thursday after it emerged that the mother of another child murder  victim may have had her phone hacked into.
 And to make matters worse Sara Payne had been used as a figurehead by  the now defunct News Of  The World newspaper to champion their child  protection campaign.
PHOTOS: Celebs  In The Best, Worst And Wackiest Courtroom Couture
 The newspaper used the case of tragic 8-year-old Sarah Payne, who was  murdered by paedophile Roy Whiting, in 2000 to pressure the UK  government to change the law concerning sex offenders.
 Police informed Sara that her details were in notes compiled by private  detective Glenn Mulcaire who has been implicated in connection with the  hacking scandal.
PHOTOS:   More Celebrities Busted! Texting And Talking While Driving
 The Pheonix Charity – which represents the Payne family – released the  following statement: “Whilst it was previously confirmed by ‘Operation  Weeting’ that Sara Payne’s name was not on Private Investigator ‘Glenn  Mulcaire’ list, it has now been confirmed by the ‘Operation Weeting’  that Sara’s details are on his list.
 “Sara is absolutely devastated by this news, we’re all deeply disappointed and are just working to get her through it.
PHOTOS:   Celebs Who Have Done Jail Time
 “Sara will continue to work with the proper authorities regarding this  matter, there will be a further statement in due course, but at this  point in time, she (or we) can make no further comment.”
 Dubbed “Sarah’s Law” the NOTW campaign led to British parents now being  allowed to check if someone with access to their children is a sex  offender.
PHOTOS:   Sexy Stars Who Have Been Arrested
 In the final edition of the NOTW on 10 July, Ms Payne wrote a farewell  column for the paper describing it’s staff as “my good and trusted  friends”.
 The disclosure comes after claims that Mulcaire hacked the phone of  another child murder victim, Milly Dowler’s phone for the NOTW after she  went missing in 2002.
PHOTOS:  Celebrities Who Have Filed For Bankruptcy
 The Metropolitan Police’s Operation Weeting continues to investigate  claims about the now closed newspaper’s phone hacking culture.
 A British Parliamentary Committee recently questioned NOTW editor  Rebekah Brooks,  James Murdoch, and chairman Rupert Murdoch, about the  hacking scandal with all three denying any knowledge of it.
PHOTOS:  Celebrity Mugshots  Lord Justice Leveson is going to carry-out a full public inquiry into  media hacking in which he will use his powers to demand evidence from  witnesses.
 News International has not released a comment on these latest reports.
RELATED STORIES:
Kate Middleton And Her Family May Have Been Phone Hacking Victims
Roseanne Barr: ‘I’m So Happy To See Rupert Murdoch’s Stuff Crumbling’
Rupert  Murdoch & Son Face Grilling Before Parliament
News  Of The World Hacking Whistle Blower Is Found Dead /n