'Biggest Loser' Cheating Scandal — Rulon Gardner Claims Show Was Fixed/n
Rulon Gardner left Season 11 of The Biggest Loser just weeks before the winner was crowned, and now, he tells RadarOnline.com, he believes that fakery on the show kept him from winning the champion title.
“They had a narrative,” Gardner, 45, told Radar.
“They wanted the 35-year-old mom to beat the Olympic medalist,” he alleged. “What went on at the ranch was 100 percent bullshit. They plotted and pitted me against everyone else.”
In one challenge, he claimed, he was winning the task, only to be thwarted at the end.
PHOTOS: The Biggest Scandals Of ‘The Biggest Loser!’ 25 Of The Show’s Most Humongous On-Screen Fake-Outs, Dirty Tricks & Secrets Revealed: Sex, Drugs & More!
“In the car pulling competition, I was back at my Olympic weight. I was a cardio machine. I was crushing Olivia [Ward],” he said. “Look, I have four sisters, I know the power of women, but she could not have beaten me.”
Instead, he claims, “I realized that the person in the car was putting the brakes on.
They had an earpiece on. The show did not want me to win.”
After the group trip to Australia, Gardner was booted from the hit NBC franchise, much to his fury.
PHOTOS: ‘RHONY’ Fakery REVEALED — Something’s Rotten In The Big Apple!
“I wanted a fair shot  and I was kicking a**,” he told Radar.
“Then they asked me to leave the show. They told me I could leave or they would make my life hell and turn everyone against me and I’d be out the next week,” he alleged.
Gardner claimed that one producer told him, “If you mess with me I’ll destroy you. You’re an Olympic champion, that’s nothing compared to The Biggest Loser. This is a billion-dollar company.”
As Radar previously revealed, J.D. Roth, who created The Biggest Loser, now has a new show that brings back old contestants who packed on the pounds after being on the show.
He’s calling the spinoff The Big Fat Truth.
PHOTOS: TV Fakery, Divorce, Criminal Charges & More: Yolanda Hadid’s Secrets Exposed
Roth is a “worthless hack,” according to Gardner, who “preys on overweight and vulnerable people to make millions of dollars and to get lots of corporate sponsors.”
He also claimed, “J.D. is just making money off the weak and frail.”
Roth and reps for The Biggest Loser did not respond to Radar’s request for comment.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n