 First Post Prison Interview: Alec Baldwin's Stalker Genevieve Sabourin Tells Radar She’s.../n
After spending six months behind bars for stalking Alec Baldwin, Genevieve Sabourin has revealed she is still seeking closure from the actor, she told RadarOnline.com in an exclusive interview.
The French-Canadian beauty, who was released from New York’s Rikers Island prison on March 31, admits she’d like to speak to Baldwin one final time to finally put the past behind her.
“I don’t have his side of the story, so I feel like I don’t have the full truth. I wanted to understand his side. On my quest for closure, I want to understand why he did this to me,” Sabourin told Radar during her first post-jail release interview.
PHOTOS: Stars Who Have Been Stalked
As Radar previously reported, Sabourin, was arrested outside of the 55-year-old actor’s home April 8, 2012. Sabourin’s lawyer Todd Spodek claimed his client’s actions were the result of her seeking closure as her 2010 relationship with the actor “crumbled” after the two engaged in a brief “sexual relationship,” after which Baldwin gave her “the cold shoulder, and nothing else.”
In November 2013, she was found guilty of five counts of harassment and stalking and sentenced to 180 days in prison.
“I can’t take anything back. The truth is I lost my house, my savings, my retirement plan, my job, [and] my friends. I lost everything,” she admitted.
PHOTOS: Alec Baldwin Allegedly ‘Attacks’ A Photog Outside NYC Apartment
“I just wasn’t rich and powerful enough to save myself.”
Although Baldwin accused her of creating a “nightmarish” havoc in his world, Sabourin denies any wrongdoing and wants to move forward with her life.
“The past is the past. There’s nothing I can change. It has been a tough ride, but this isn’t the time for a breakdown. I’m ready to bounce back. In America, people rise from the ashes, and I’m strong enough to do that,” an upbeat Sabourin said.
Sabourin, who previously worked with Baldwin on the 2002 film The Adventures of Pluto Nash, plans to “get back to work” perusing her acting career and claims TV and movie offers are “piling in.”
“I’m finally back on track and ready to show people who I really am. I want to be an inspiration, to prove that even if you fall down, you can rise again,” she said. /n