Check Out These Images from Troian Bellisario and Patrick J Adams’ Incredible Wedding /n





                    Lucy Hale Wants You to Know That She Hasn't Broken Up with Her Boyfriend
                







Everything is fine between...

 MORE >>





Over the weekend TV stars Troian Bellisario and Patrick J. Adams got hitched surrounded by loved ones. And although it took place in Southern California, the couple sidestepped the decadent route, opting for a laidback, bohemian vibe for their special day.

“The entire weekend was just as relaxed and beautiful as Troian and Patrick. They had people from all parts of their lives there but there was never a feel of any sort of VIP area for the more recognizable faces. Everyone was camping out together and sitting around the fire singing and laughing,” an attendee at the wedding said, via People.
The festivities included the Suits star driving his guests to the nuptials in a vintage, camp-style bus!



Patrick drives his own bus to his own wedding, because he’s Patrick #fortday2016
A photo posted by themarkwildman (@themarkwildman) on Dec 10, 2016 at 2:22pm PST



They did however get stuck in some mud along the way. But everyone on board happily did their part to get the groom to the altar! 
“When the bus Patrick was driving and got stuck in the mud, everyone got out and helped push. It was like going to summer camp,” an attendee said.



Metaphors #fortday2016
A photo posted by Josh Close (@jclosefaction) on Dec 10, 2016 at 2:28pm PST



After the outdoor ceremony, the newlyweds had to drop by the ocean for some photos, which included tangling with some particularly tenacious leaves.



the groom the bride some hitchhikers #fortday2016 #justmarried
A photo posted by . andy . (@bananananabobandy) on Dec 10, 2016 at 8:16pm PST



Then, everyone headed to the reception in a picturesque rustic spot, complete with space heaters!



nobody in history worked harder for, or deserved more, a magical weekend of wedding mystery in a glittering, enchanted forest filled with stars above and below, than Patrick & Troian. congratulations to the dearest wood nymphs, the dearest friends, @sleepinthegardn ❤️ @halfadams #fortday2016
A photo posted by . andy . (@bananananabobandy) on Dec 11, 2016 at 7:57am PST



And when it came time for the first dance, some memories were definitely made…



First dance magic✨Thank you @sleepinthegardn and @halfadams for such an amazing and unforgettable weekend full of love. #fortday2016
A photo posted by Sandra Burns (@optionsuponoptions) on Dec 12, 2016 at 11:56am PST



Congrats, Patrick and Troian!


Shay Mitchell's Best Looks








































20 Photos »


/n