A Week's Worth Of Healthy Snacks!/n

Are you struggling with picking out healthy snacks??
You're not alone!
That's why we have  Lisa DeFazio here with a tailored list for you — just in case you don't know where to begin!
Here it is:
Day 1
Fresh: Apple with 1 tablespoon natural peanut butter (good combination of protein, carbs, and fat)
Packaged:  Low-fat Yogurt with granola attached to the container (sweet, crunchy, good source of calcium and protein)
Day 2
Fresh: Cut up veggies such as carrots, celery jicama and cherry tomatoes with Hummus (great way to get your veggies, hummus is loaded with protein, fiber and healthy fat)
Packaged: Ready to go container of pretzel thins with Hummus attached (Sabra brand) (low fat pretzels and protein rich dip are a good balance)
Day 3
Fresh: Rice cakes – Spread with 1 tablespoon natural peanut or almond butter and top with banana slices or raisins. (Rice cakes are very low in calories, nut butters contain protein and healthy fat, and the fruit adds potassium and sweetness)
Packaged: Orville Redenbacher's microwavable Smart Pop Popcorn –Single serving bags 100cal (popcorn is great for the salty/crunchy cravings, and it is so low in calories!)
Day 4
Fresh: ½ cup Low-fat cottage cheese topped with pineapple chunks or fresh fruit. (Cottage cheese is loaded with protein and calcium, and the saltiness with the sweetness of fruit is so satisfying)
Packaged: Kind Fruit & Nut Bars OR Luna Protein Bar (great to grab on the go, sweet, crunchy, loaded with satisfying protein)
Day 5
Fresh: 2oz. Sliced Turkey deli meat wrapped around a Dill pickle (turkey is the perfect low fat protein combined with the salty crunch of a low calorie pickle satisfies a salt craving)
Packaged: 15 Triscuit Thin Crisps and 1 stick of string cheese (these low calories crackers and 1oz of protein packed cheese is the perfect combination for a balanced snack)
Day 6
Fresh: ¼ Avocado, squeeze lemon juice on top, sprinkle with salt, mash it up and spread it on some whole wheat toast, just like you would butter. (Avocadoes contain healthy monounsaturated fat and the creaminess is so satisfying, especially on crunchy toasted high fiber filling wheat bread)
Packaged: Terra Exotic Harvest Vegetable Chips- this mix of carrots, blue potatoes, and squash has less fat than potato chips, plus three grams of filling fiber. Per oz (about 16 chips): 130 calories
Day 7
Fresh: Celery sticks topped with 1 tablespoon peanut butter and raisins (peanut butter is filling and satisfying with healthy monounsaturated fat and protein, celery is low in calories and the raisins add sweetness and potassium)
Packaged: Baked tortilla chips and salsa (a great low calories substitute for junk food! Crunchy chips are baked so they are low in fat and salsa is so low in calories you can indulge freely)
Lisa’s a leading nutrition expert and a Master’s degree level Registered Dietitian, so be sure to check out her website for more tips and videos — and if U wanna know more about snacking OR anything else, U can always email us at Questions@FitPerez.com!!
/n