 'She Jumped The Gun': ScarJo’s Bitter Ex Vows To Get FULL CUSTODY To Move Daughter To.../n
Scarlett Johansson’s soon-to-be-ex-husband claims she is too busy to take care of their daughter, and so he wants to raise her in France!
In an exclusive interview with RadarOnline.com, Hal Mayerson, who is representing French journalist Romain Dauriac in the divorce, said his client will do anything in his power to gain custody of two-year-old Rose Dorothy.
“At this point my client will pursue joint custody and primary physical custody, in addition to economic relief for child support and counsel fees,” Mayerson said. “He is seeking primary physical custody so he can take the child to France and live with her there. This should not be a problem for Ms. Johansson because she can see the child any time she wants to. After all she has two apartments there.”
PHOTOS: Single Mom! Scarlett Johansson Spotted Out With Daughter Rose After Shocking Split
As Radar has reported, Johansson, 32, dropped a bombshell on Dauriac when she filed for divorce earlier this month after only two years of marriage. According to his attorney, the move put a halt to their custody negotiations.
“My client and Scarlett Johansson have had difficulties,” Mayerson told Radar. “But they were trying to negotiate their divorce and work out their differences behind closed doors.
“However, she jumped the gun last week when Ms. Johansson decided to take the case public and file for divorce in (New York) Supreme Court.”
PHOTOS: Something To Prove? Rosie O’Donnell Goes On Instagram Spree With Adopted Daughter As Custody Battle Rages On
The couple do have a prenup, but the real battle will come over who gets custody of their little girl.
Johansson is asking for residential custody. This means her ex will still have a right to weigh-in on important decision, but the child will live with the mother. Mayerson says Dauriac just wants what’s best for his daughter.
But Mayerson argues that Johansson, who next stars in the big budget film adaptation of Ghost in the Shell, is too busy travelling the world to properly care for her daughter.
PHOTOS: Take A Bow! Madonna & Guy Ritchie Reach Custody Agreement For Son Rocco
“The child needs stability, but Johansson works a lot and is dragging their two year-old daughter Rose Dorothy all over the world,” Mayerson told Radar. “That is not healthy for such a small child.”
Whose side are you on? Should Scarlett keep her daughter? Or does she need the stability daddy Romain is promising? Let us know in the comments section.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n