Katy Perry Showed Up to the iHeartRadio Music Awards with Quinoa in Her Teeth/n





                    Katy Perry Addresses Orlando Bloom Breakup
                







Plus, she has a new 'do

 MORE >>





Katy Perry’s teeth were compromised by the invasive healthfood quinoa on the red carpet at the 2017 iHeartRadio Music Awards on Sunday (Mar. 5, 2017).

The protein-packed ancient grain, which she presumably ate sometime before the event, sought to outshine Perry’s slick new pixie haircut by taking a seat in the front row of her pearly whites. It wasn’t even the beige variety of quinoa, which might have remained incognito under the bright flashes from cameras—it was the thirsty dark brown kind who, like spinach, enters your mouth and says, “Woah, woah, woah, wait. Why would I  hide in your stomach when I can get free publicity right here?”





CREDIT:  Jesse Grant/Getty Images for iHeartMedia







CREDIT: Alberto E. Rodriguez/Getty Images


Perry later addressed the situation on Instagram in an ad for new, loyal friends.
“Currently taking applications for real friends who aren’t afraid to tell me there’s quinoa in my teeth,” wrote Perry in the caption of the photo below.



A post shared by KATY PERRY (@katyperry) on Mar 5, 2017 at 9:08pm PST





The 2017 iHeartRadio Music Awards








































20 Photos »


Still, Perry was among the many musical acts who rocked the stage with her performance of “Chained to the Rhythm,” sans falling white houses. Miley Cyrus introduced her younger sister Noah Cyrus, who performed “Make Me (Cry).” Noah later told Ryan Seacrest that Miley’s intro made her cry. Watch it below:

Justin Timberlake spoke directly to LGBTQ youth in his powerful acceptance speech for the Song of the Year Award. The end of his address was censored by the Turner Network, like this:

JT tries to send message out to LGBTQ youth; gets muted pic.twitter.com/WRYOitkplF
— Timothy Burke (@bubbaprog) March 6, 2017

But the speech can be heard in its entirety below.


“If you’re gay, or you’re lesbian, or you are trans, or maybe you’re just a sissy singer boy from Tennessee — anyone who has treated you unkindly, it’s only because they’re afraid or they have been taught to be afraid of how important you are. Because being different means you make a difference. So, f**k ‘em.”

Launch the gallery at the top of the page to view more photos from the 2017 iHeartRadio Music Awards.

/n