Hockey Legend Gordie Howe Dead At 88 — Fans & Celebs Pay Their Respects To 'Mr. Hockey'/n

So sad — but what a life lived.
NHL legend Gordie Howe died Friday morning at the age of 88, according to reports from the Detroit Red Wings, his former team.
The Saskatchewan-born athlete was truly a legend in the sport.
Related: Boxers, Celebs React To Muhammad Ali's Death
A Hall of Famer best known as Mr. Hockey, Howe holds NHL records for most games (1,767) and seasons (26), and is second in goals scored, only behind later legend Wayne Gretzky.
He won four Stanley Cup championships with the Red Wings, and played in the league until he was 52 — an unheard of age for a pro athlete, and a long enough career that he was actually able to take the ice professionally with his two sons.
More recently, Howe suffered from dementia and memory loss, and two strokes in 2014 disabled him and greatly affected his health.
Celebs from the sports world, Hollywood, and beyond reacted with sadness to the news this morning, taking to Twitter to share their condolences for this man who, by all accounts, was as gracious and polite as he was talented (below):

RIP #MrHockey. In the few interactions I had with him, Gordie Howe was warm, kind and classy. My condolences to his family and @NHL nation.
— Billie Jean King (@BillieJeanKing) June 10, 2016


My condolences to the family of Gordie Howe, the Detroit Red Wings and all his fans around the world. He will always be Mr. Hockey.
— Justin Trudeau (@JustinTrudeau) June 10, 2016



Justin Trudeau pays tribute to hockey legend Gordie Howe #GordieHowe #RIP https://t.co/JjIO9oPDfe
— Globalnews.ca (@globalnews) June 10, 2016


Rest in peace, Gordie Howe.
— Alyssa Milano (@Alyssa_Milano) June 10, 2016


Saddened to hear of the passing of the great Gordie Howe. RIP.
— Rich Eisen (@richeisen) June 10, 2016


Thoughts and prayers to the Howe family as Gordie Howe passes away at the age of 88. #9RIP pic.twitter.com/i9KRzXRgwV
— Detroit Red Wings (@DetroitRedWings) June 10, 2016
So sad.
In a strange and twist of fate, Saturday will mark exactly 30 years since the release of Ferris Bueller's Day Off, starring Matthew Broderick and Alan Ruck.
Ruck's character Cameron, of course, was clad in Howe's iconic #9 Red Wings jersey throughout the entire film.

Rest in peace, Mr. Hockey.
There will truly never be another player like you.
[Image via Wikipedia/Paramount.]
/n