Courtney Love ‘Happy To Be Alive’ After Anti-Uber Ambush in Paris/n





                    Kristen Bell's Uber Ride
                







The carpool edition.

 MORE >>





Be careful out there, Uber customers.
Like most of you, Courtney Love turned to Uber for transportation this week. Unlike most of you, the singer and actress found herself in the middle of some pretty major anti-Uber protests in Paris, France on Thursday (June 25, 2015).
According to Love, picketers attacked the vehicle she was riding in and held her and her driver hostage for an hour. Here are her tweets and accompanying Instagram posts, should you choose to imagine yourself as the 50-year-old celebrity in France:


Dude @kanyewest we may turn back to the airport and hide out with u.picketers just attacked our car #ParisUberStrike pic.twitter.com/MtanurybOO
— Courtney Love Cobain (@Courtney) June 25, 2015



they've ambushed our car and are holding our driver hostage. they're beating the cars with metal bats. this is France?? I'm safer in Baghdad
— Courtney Love Cobain (@Courtney) June 25, 2015



François Hollande where are the fucking police???  is it legal for your people to attack visitors? Get your ass to the airport. Wtf???
— Courtney Love Cobain (@Courtney) June 25, 2015



paid some guys on motorcycles to sneak us out, got chased by a mob of taxi drivers who threw rocks,  passed two police and they did nothing
— Courtney Love Cobain (@Courtney) June 25, 2015




scariest day of my life, ambushed at the airport in Paris by taxi drivers on strike against @uber got taken hostage and our car was destroyed
A photo posted by Courtney Love Cobain (@courtneylove) on Jun 25, 2015 at 4:43am PDT






how on earth are these people allowed to do this? the first car was destroyed, all tires slashed and beat with bats, these guys trying to open the doors and the cops are doing nothing?? French Taliban? civil reform needed in France?? I want to go home A video posted by Courtney Love Cobain (@courtneylove) on Jun 25, 2015 at 5:19am PDT



Here’s Love with her rescuers. We’re glad she’s OK.



we got out after being held hostage for an hour thanks to these two guys. I’m scared out of my wits. Mr. François Hollande president or libertine? I can’t believe this really just happened. love French people but your government blows #happytobealive #parisuberstrike wtf??
A photo posted by Courtney Love Cobain (@courtneylove) on Jun 25, 2015 at 5:51am PDT



A nationwide strike organized by thousands of French taxi drivers against UberPOP blocked roads to airports and train stations. Protestors have also been seen overturning vehicles and burning tires, causing police to use tear gas in some instances. France’s Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve has since ordered Paris police to issue a decree that bans UberPOP activity. [via Reuters]


Les taxis enflamment des pneus pour lutter contre #uber #uberpop https://t.co/zIHHKdz0qj
— Nice-Matin (@Nice_Matin) June 25, 2015


/n