Blue Suede Schubert/n
FILMING A VIDEO IN NEW ORLEANS in 1996 for what turned out to be his final CD, Go Cat, Go, Carl Perkins recalled Elvis Presley, his fellow hopeful at Sun Records, the tiny Memphis label that launched the careers of rock and roll’s first idols. “I was fighting a battle working with him, knowing I looked like Mr. Ed, that mule,” Perkins told The New York Times in 1996, deprecating both his appearance and Ed’s pedigree. But, he added, “I never envied Elvis his mansion and all that. All these boys—Elvis, Jerry Lee Lewis, Roy Orbison—they all lost their wives, their families. People say, ‘All of them went on to superstardom. Where’d you go?’ I say, ‘I went home.’ And that’s a good place to be.”
Perkins’s influence, of course, extended way beyond his home in Jackson, Tenn., where he and his wife of 45 years, Valda, raised four children, and where he died on Jan. 19, at 65, after suffering three strokes late last year. And while Perkins possessed neither Elvis’s volcanic sexuality nor Jerry Lee Lewis’s flamboyance, he had a unique gift for fashioning crackling tunes that melded the rhythms of the black work songs he learned in the cotton fields as a child with the twangy country sounds that came through the family wireless at night.
The wondrous result was the rockabilly gem “Blue Suede Shoes,” which competed with Presley’s “Heartbreak Hotel” for the top spot on the pop charts in March 1956. Veteran studio musician and ex-Blood, Sweat & Tears member Al Kooper was among those in awe of Perkins’s talent. “He set the standard for writing, singing and guitar playing,” says Kooper. “He influenced me as a guitar player. I copped some of his licks; we all did.” Says John Fogerty, another later-generation guitarist who modeled his play after Perkins’s: “I really wanted to be like him because he seemed to do it all.”
The second of three sons born to a Lake County, Tenn., sharecropper and his wife, Perkins was picking cotton by age 6. Soon he was picking out the blues chords taught to him by a black farmworker on a guitar his father fashioned, Perkins said, from a cigar box, broom stick and baling wire. “The blacks sang as a way of relieving tension, of forgetting the heat and the downtrodden feeling,” Perkins told the Chicago Tribune in 1983. “It was as pretty a music as I’ve ever heard. It bled into my bones.”
Graduating to a store-bought guitar that his father acquired from a neighbor for $2 and a one-legged chicken, the teenage Perkins and siblings Jay and Clayton performed as the Perkins Brothers in local honky-tonks. After dropping out of school and marrying local girl Valda Crider in 1953, Perkins auditioned for Sun founder Sam Phillips, who signed him in 1954. The following year, Perkins composed the song that became his anthem after overhearing a boy at a dance tell his girl, “Don’t step on my suedes.” Recalls Kooper: “I had never heard anything like it. It was life changing.”
“Blue Suede Shoes” became the first country, pop and R&B crossover hit, but Perkins’s career was derailed two months after its release. Both he and his brother Jay were seriously injured when their rented Chrysler limo back-ended a pickup truck as the band drove to New York City to perform on The Perry Como Show. Two years later, Jay died of an accident-related brain tumor (brother Clayton would commit suicide in 1973), and the star-crossed Perkins began a long descent into alcoholism. Sober since 1968, he would enjoy a second career as a backup musician for his buddy Johnny Cash and as a song writer (the Beatles, Dolly Parton and the Judds, among others, scored hits with his tunes). Inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1987, Perkins was diagnosed with throat cancer four years later. After a year of painful radiation treatments, Perkins resumed playing in 1992. “The stage regenerates me,” he told the Orange County Register that year. “Two of my sons [Greg and Stan] play with me, and that’s great. One of them slides over and says, ‘Go, Daddy.’ And what am I going to do? I’ve got to rock.”
STEVE DOUGHERTY
BEVERLY KEEL in Nashville
/n