EXCLUSIVE! Entourage Movie: Constance Zimmer Is Back as Dana Gordon—Plus House of Cards Will "Shock" You Constance Zimmer is getting back together with the boys of Entourage. Zimmer confirmed for the first time to E! News that she .../n
Constance Zimmer is getting back together with the boys of Entourage. Zimmer confirmed for the first time to E! News that she would reprise her role of film exec Dana Gordon in the upcoming movie."This is the first time I have officially said I am, so you guys have it!" Zimmer told E! News' Kristin Dos Santos. "My deal just closed, like a couple of days ago."Zimmer, who also stars in Netflix's House of Cards, played Dana Gordon on Entourage from 2005-2011. She said when the movie was announced she wanted to be part of it.

"Dana Gordon is a part that I have lived and played for so long and I think the fact that we get to see it up on the big screen is kind of terrifying," she said. "It's really just going to be like a whole season that you get to watch at once, so it'll almost just be like watching streaming television."After reports of a boat fire on set of the Entourage movie, Zimmer reported the boys are all fine, but something valuable may have been lost."I did hear that Doug [Ellin] dropped his camera off the boat that had all the behind-the-scenes footage of the girls and the bikinis, but I'm sure they'll be fine without that," she said. "There's going to be girls in bikinis, as long as I'm not one of them, I'm fine with it!"

Zimmer will reprise her role of Janine Skorsky when House of Cards returns for a second season of new episodes on Feb. 14. At the end of season one, her reporter character was working with Zoe Barnes (Kate Mara) to uncover Frank Underwood's (Kevin Spacey) role in several political moves and scandals."You know it's one of the hardest shows to talk about because I can't talk about it," she said. "Because I feel like no matter what I say, I will be giving something away. What I can say is that this season is definitely going to shock and awe people."
/n