Obsessions of the Week: Marina and the Diamonds, ‘Broad City,’ Natalia Kills’ Downfall, and More/n





                    Last Week's Picks
                







"Kimmy Schmidt," Sufjan Stevens, and more!

 MORE >>





Each Wednesday, the editors of Celebuzz tell you what we’re loving this week. From Marina and the Diamonds’ new album to Broad City’s superb second season, here are our current picks.

Broad City Season 2
By the time you read this, you will still have time to binge watch all nine episodes of Broad City Season 2, which wraps on Comedy Central tonight. Without spoiling anything for the possible newbies out there, Ilana Glazer and Abbi Jacobson have delivered yet another delicious season of two best friends just having a good ‘ol time in New York City. Personal favorites this season include the one with Ilana’s mom (played by the hilarious Susie Essman), the one with Bevers at the gym, and the one with Kelly Ripa. Two things: please have more pug mentions and appearances in Season 3, and please bring back Kelly Ripa. - Peggy
Marina and the Diamonds – Froot
From the Kate Bush-inspired cabaret of her first album, The Family Jewels, to the icy, ironic, and massive-sounding mainstream pop of Electra Heart, Marina has proven she can deliver no matter what kind of music she’s making. Froot, her new album, was just released this week. Its sound is neither that of The Family Jewels nor that of Electra Heart; instead, it is hits the sweet spot in between. Highlights include “I’m a Ruin, “Solitaire,“  “Savages,” and “Blue.” It may not be her best album, but she’s never sounded more comfortable and confident with her sound and songwriting. – Matt





Insurgent
The latest movie in the Divergent series opens on Friday and I can’t wait! I’m actually obsessed with these movies, mostly because I love Theo James <3, so I’ll be seeing this ASAP. – Jess
The Epic Takedown of Natalia Kills and Willy Moon
I know what you’re thinking: “Who?” The married duo and recently-ousted X Factor New Zealand judges got served hard after verbally attacking a contestant on live TV. Kills and Moon were quick to lash out at aspiring singer Joe Irvine for — gasp! — slicking his hair back and wearing a suit onstage, claiming that he was stealing Moon’s totally copyrighted and 100 percent original look. Not only did fans call out their heinous actions, but famous famous like Ellie Goulding, Calvin Harris, Lorde and Ed Sheeran — you know, ones with actual pull in the industry — also jumped in and defended Irvine. All in all, the whole thing just showed that bullying is unacceptable — no matter how irrelevant you are. - Gabi
Blake Lively’s Weird Obsession With Memes.
Last week, Blake Lively shared several memes of her and some of her Gossip Girl co-stars’ faces photoshopped onto dancers’ bodies. No one really understood why she shared that or got the joke — mostly because those types of memes are really outdated — but I couldn’t stop picturing Blake laughing to herself over it, thinking ‘how unique! how silly!’ LOL. - Kendall
North West’s Obsession with Frozen
This video of North West holding on to her Frozen suitcase has to be one of my favorite videos of the week. She’s so cute. Thank you, Kim Kardashian, for posting this. – Jess
Kendrick Lamar – To Pimp a Butterfly
On Sunday night, Kendrick Lamar surprise-released his album a week earlier than expected. As a fan of K Dot’s first album, released, if you can believe it, two-and-a-half years ago, I had been greatly looking forward to whatever was next for him. To Pimp a Butterfly, the result of that long wait, is both surprisingly and unsurprisingly dense and difficult. From its lyrical content to its music — a unique amalgam of rap, funk, soul, spoken-word, and slam poetry — it’s been somewhat hard to properly digest in two only days. But the best art is often difficult, and I look forward to diving in over time. - Matt





Natalie Imbruglia – “Instant Crush” (Daft Punk cover)
It’s been a really long time since we’ve heard from Natalie Imbruglia. So thank your lucky stars for Daft Punk, and thank goodness for her gorgeous cover of their 2013 single, “Instant Crush.” Who knew Julian Casablancas was “singing” about such a beautiful, tormenting relationship? - Peggy
Barely Famous
Starring Erin and Sara Foster, the daughters of music legend David Foster, Barely Famous is a hilariously blended cocktail of a mockumentary and reality show that mocks Hollywood life in the same vein as classics such as Extras and Curb Your Enthusiasm. The VH1 series — about two celebrity offsprings desperately clinging onto fame — makes jokes at eyeroll-worthy, “only in L.A.” things such as staged paparazzi photos and pretentious daycares while making you forget that you’re actually watching a reality show about two offsprings desperately trying to become famous. If the whole meta-humor doesn’t delight you, the likes of Kate Hudson, Nicole Richie, Courteney Cox and Jessica Alba poking fun at themselves sure will. - Gabi
Selena Gomez and Zedd’s ‘I Want You to Know’ Music Video.
Rumored couple Selena Gomez and Zedd — A.K.A. Zelena — dropped the music video for “I Want You To Know” last week, and SelGo’s dance solos definitely put me in the mood to go out and party. Not to mention, I have a sick obsession with young couples, and although I’ll always be a Jelena fan at heart, I’m starting to like Zelena more and more. -Kendall
Selena Gomez’s Instagram Posts
Selena Gomez keeps stripping down in her Instagram posts, and people can’t get enough. Thanks for all of the material, SelGo! – Jess
Matthew Lewis’ Instagram
It’s no secret: Neville Longbottom grew up to be on hot dude. The former Harry Potter actor recently made his personal Instagram account public, allowing fans to ogle at his selfies whenever they want. I mean, just look at the man. #Blessed. - Gabi
Kate Hudson’s Bikini Body
Kate Hudson and Chris Martin took their kids to the beach over the weekend (because it was 90 degrees in California, sorry east coasters), and I’m still in awe of Kate’s rock hard body. It’s still winter and the 35-year-old mother-of-two (!!!) looked absolutely flawless in a bikini! Talk about some serious inspiration. - Kendall
Courtney Barnett – Sometimes I Sit and Think, and Sometimes I Just Sit
Earlier this year, I pressed play on a song called “Pedestrian at Best” by Courtney Barnett, a musician with whom I was not at all familiar. It stuck with me.  This week, her full-length debut, Sometimes I Sit and Think, and Sometimes I Just Sit, became available to stream, and the whole thing lives up to the promise of “Pedestrian at Best.” – Matt





Return each Wednesday to find out what Celebuzz is obsessed with!
/n