Taylor Swift's Backstage Photographer Allegedly Saw David Mueller 'Grab Her Ass'/n

It doesn't look good for David Mueller…
As we reported, on the fourth day of her groping trial against the DJ, Taylor Swift — wearing a "black knee length floral dress, platform black open toe heels" and carrying a "tan top handled purse" — testified in court saying, "he grabbed my bare ass." 
In 2015, the Denver-based disc jockey sued the Shake It Off singer for losing his job after being wrongfully accused of groping her at a 2013 meet-and-greet. Swift countersued, claiming there was in fact an assault.
Related: Taylor & Joe Alwyn Hide From The Paparazzi!
Later on in the fourth day, the musician's backstage photographer Stephanie Simbeck took the stand and confirmed Taylor's story. According to BuzzFeed News, she told jurors: 

"I saw it happen. I saw his hand grab her ass."

After the alleged assault occurred, the pop star looked back at Simbeck's photo and identified Mueller as the offender. 
Additionally, KYGO vice president Robert Call — the executive who fired the DJ — says he terminated David because of the photo that allegedly shows Mueller groping Swift.
Call says his hand was "in my mind, without question, behind Ms. Swift's rear end."
When confronted with the allegation, Robert says David changed his story, another reason why he had to let him go.
Lastly, KYGO Program Director Eddie Haskell — who once managed Mueller — told reporters outside of the courtroom he couldn't believe David suggested he was the one who groped Swift. Mueller told jurors Eddie allegedly asked if Taylor was wearing bike shorts under her dress.
Haskell says he was referring to how she dealt with costume changes on tour, adding:

"Really, to me, it was disgusting to make those comments because I still see her as a little 15-year-old girl."

As seen on Twitter:

Former KYGO program manager said he couldn't believed when Mueller blamed him. He said he disgusted that Mueller blamed him pic.twitter.com/m1HZ1iUJwm
— Claudia Rosenbaum (@CJRosenbaum) August 10, 2017

Testimony resumes Friday.
Be sure to stay tuned for any updates about the trial HERE.
[Image via WENN.]
/n