Chelsea Handler Blames The Kardashians for Donald Trump’s Presidency/n





                    Nicole Kidman Wants You to Support Donald Trump
                







Unlike Meryl Streep, Nicole Kidman is okay with Donald Trump becoming the next President of the United States.

 MORE >>










                    Chelsea Handler Fights Back Tears as She Talks About Donald Trump
                







Not everyone is happy with the presidential election outcome. 

 MORE >>





Chelsea Handler believes Donald Trump won the election because of America’s obsession with reality stars like the famous Kardashian-Jenner family.

“[The media] were treating him as an entertainer first,” Handler, a staunch supporter of Hillary Clinton during the elect, told Variety. “It was a reality show. We’ve turned into a reality show. I blame the Kardashians, personally; the beginning of the end was the Kardashians. The way these people have blown up and don’t go away — it’s surreal. Everyone is for sale.”
“He doesn’t abide by laws and rules,” she continued of Trump, adding that Clinton received a different treatment by the media. “It’s becoming clearer what a sociopath he is. I think our job as entertainers — or my job — is to reach across and figure out the people who are so disenchanted that they voted for him, and try to find some common ground.”


president Barack Obama Meets with President-Elect Donald Trump








































7 Photos »


As for her role as a talk show host, Handler shared her hopes of never having to interview Trump on her Netflix series.
“I don’t ever want to see him. I don’t ever want to interact with him, which won’t be a problem,” she said. “Once he came up to me in a restaurant in L.A. to introduce himself — to tell me he’s Donald Trump. I said, ‘Great.'”
Previously, Handler broke down into tears on her show when she spoke about the election results.
“I know for a woman, as a woman, it feel so sexist,” she said during a discussion with Senator Barbara Boxer. “I guess the message that I want to like, spread out to other women is, exactly what you’re saying is, not to give up.”


Celebs Who Aren't Afraid to Bash Donald Trump








































12 Photos »


/n