5 Seconds of Summer Guitarist Michael Clifford Gives Health Update After Scary Stage Accident and Burn Injury UPDATE: Even ex-girlfriend Abigail Breslin sent her best wishes to Michael Clifford after the accident. "Hey @Michael5SOS. Hea.../n
UPDATE: Even ex-girlfriend Abigail Breslin sent her best wishes to Michael Clifford after the accident. "Hey @Michael5SOS. Heard about your accident," she tweeted Saturday night. "Wishing you a speedy recovery and hope you'll be back rockin' it on stage very soon!" —————5 Seconds of Summer guitarist Michael Clifford says he is feeling "loads better" after a scary accident that left him with a facial burn injury.The 19-year-old Australian musician was injured severely by pyrotechnics while performing with the band at London's Wembley Arena on Saturday. The accident was caught on video and shows shooting flames hitting his face and setting his hair on fire."Feeling loads better and my face is fine :) excited for the show tonight \m/," he tweeted on Sunday, hours before the last of three consecutive shows at the venue.Clifford had after the accident tweeted a selfie of himself with his face half-bandaged up. He joked that he looked like Batman villain Two-Face and added on Instagram that he was "doing OK."He maintained his sense of humor on Sunday, making an image of himself performing mid-accident his new Twitter profile pic.

Clifford's injury sparked much concern among friends and fans online and #GETWELLSOONMICHAEL became a trending topic on Twitter."There's been a lot of love spread around lately, thank you all so much :) All of us boys appreciate everything you do!" Clifford added. "And also thank you so much to all my friends for wishing me the best.""Today we are playing Wembley for the 3rd time! Last night was crazy, happy my dude is OK..." tweeted 5 Seconds of Summer's drummer, Ashton Irwin, 20.5 Seconds of Summer is on its Rock Out With Your Socks Out tour. After Sunday's final London concert, the group is set to head to New Zealand and the band members' native Australia. The band is scheduled to perform in the United States and Canada starting in mid-July.—Reporting by Lindsay Good
/n