Kellyanne Conway? Sean Spicer? Meet Stephen Miller, Donald Trump's Newest 'Alternative Facts' Guy, As He Blatantly Lies About Voter Fraud/n

Unless you're a hardcore political junkie, you probably don't know who Stephen Miller is quite yet — but that'll change today.
That's because Miller, a senior adviser to President Donald Trump, made the rounds on the TV political talk shows this morning and went the whole way through pretty much lying his face off about non-existent voter fraud.
Related: Will Stephen Miller Get Next Week's SNL Treatment?
Trump himself loved Miller's morning talk show interviews, even tweeting about the advisor's television appearances today (below):

Congratulations Stephen Miller- on representing me this morning on the various Sunday morning shows. Great job!
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 12, 2017
But the rest of the world definitely didn't love it, and now, Miller is taking a ton of heat for, uh, stretching the truth. 
But let's go back and start at the beginning — here's Miller sharing "alternative facts" about voter fraud on ABC this morning: 


Stephanopoulos shuts down Miller's voter fraud defense: "For the record, you have provided zero evidence." pic.twitter.com/IlAV0KM8kk
— Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) February 12, 2017

Voter fraud? In New Hampshire?
Related: A Newspaper Thinks Baldwin Is The Real Trump!
Not so fast, says somebody who might know — a Senator from New Hampshire.
Senator Jeanne Shaheen was pissed about those comments, and tweeted (below):

As everybody knows, Stephen Miller has no evidence of voter fraud in NH. This has been debunked. @realDonaldTrump didn't call for a recount
— Sen. Jeanne Shaheen (@SenatorShaheen) February 12, 2017
Pretty direct!!!
And it's not just Shaheen … after going on Meet The Press and doing much of the same bizarre lying about voter fraud, as well as the court system regarding Trump's overturned immigration ban, people all over Twitter and elsewhere started realizing Miller's bizarre actions and words: 

Stephen Miller and the Trump White House are continuing their false voter fraud narrative. Only 4 cases of fraud were found, 3 voted Trump.
— Kaivan Shroff (@KaivanShroff) February 12, 2017

I can't even begin to list the number of weird statements that Stephen Miller offered on Fox and ABC this morning. And his style? Oh my.
— Stuart Rothenberg (@StuPolitics) February 12, 2017


Watching #MeetThePress and it seems fairly obvious Stephen Miller is reading off cue cards. Is that normal?
— Alex Leo (@AlexMLeo) February 12, 2017


Good job #GStephanopolous in holding #StephenMiller to the fire and not providing any evidence of voter fraud. What a tool Miller is.
— Robby Scharf (@Robby525) February 12, 2017


Trump rolls out a new Nazi every week; this week it's #StephenMiller The Gestapo from the bottomless pit of Hell. #resist #protest
— Shaun (@ShaunResists) February 12, 2017


.@chucktodd asks Stephen Miller about Flynn and he replies, "They did not give me anything to say." Meaning the WH.
— David Corn (@DavidCornDC) February 12, 2017


Stephen Miller said it's an undisputed fact that 14% of non-citizens are registered to vote.
He lied: https://t.co/gOHd34FnaR
— Jon Favreau (@jonfavs) February 12, 2017
And the clincher:

Like most of the alt-right, Stephen Miller is what happens when literally every woman rejects you.
— Molly Knight (@molly_knight) February 12, 2017
Ha!!!
Related: Dear Diary, Press Conferences Are Terrible…
Funny tweets aside, though, Miller is what happens when you fill a White House staff with complete and total liars and charlatans — which is exactly what Trump has been doing, of course.
Sad!
[Image via ABC.]
/n