‘American Horror Story: Asylum’ Recap: 5 WTF Moments From ‘The Coat Hanger’/n





                    'AHS' Renewed for S3
                







The FX thriller has been renewed for a third season. 

 MORE >>





 When Ryan Murphy promises a cliffhanger, he delivers.
FX’s American Horror Story: Asylum is one of the most compelling, albeit disturbing, dramas on TV, and this week’s episode was a perfect example of why. As if Asylum wasn’t complicated enough with aliens, angles, Nazis, serial killers and the Devil running around Briarcliff, but now we have to worry about babies?
With Sister Jude (Jessica Lange) now committed to Briarcliff, Monsignor Howard (Joseph Fiennes) takes an improbable convert under his wing — with disastrous consequences. Meanwhile, Lana (Sarah Paulson) receives shocking news as the mystery of modern-day Bloody Face is resolved.
Note: Spoilers if you haven’t watched Wednesday’s episode, “The Coat Hanger.”

1. Dylan McDermott is Dr. Thredson’s son!
I’m not quite sure who’s more terrifying: Dr. Thredson (Zachary Quinto) or his equally evil son, played by Dylan McDermott. 
In the modern day, Dr. Carter (Brooke Smith) welcomes a very scruffy-looking McDermott into her practice. Of course, it doesn’t take him long to get to his main issue, which would be the overwhelming desire to kill and skin women. But there’s just one problem: He’s a little messy. You see, he didn’t go to medical school like his dad, so he’s a little sloppy with his knife skills. Oh yes, he’s the spawn of Bloody Face.
However, unlike Thredson, who was motivated to kill and skin his victims by his mother’s abandonment, his son seems motivated to kill because of his father’s infamous legacy. Poor Dr. Carter didn’t have a chance. It looks like Bloody Face 2.0 was just looking for another female victim to practice with.
 

'american horror story: asylum' premiere photos








































12 Photos »


2. Lana is pregnant.
In case you were wondering who McDermott’s mommy dearest was, that would be Lana (Sarah Paulson). At least, that’s what Murphy has led us to believe. I wouldn’t be surprised if Sister Mary Satan (Lily Rabe) was actually his mother, given his heinous crimes.
“The bad news is, the rabbit died,” Sister Mary Eunice gloats as she gives a horrified Lana her test results. “Calm down, Mommy.”
When Lana’s pleas for an abortion are denied, she takes things into her own hands — literally. Ladies, I think we can all agree that the idea of taking a coat hanger to the vagina is one of the most unbearable thoughts imaginable. Needless to say, Paulson deserves all of the Emmys for that performance.
Lana visits Thredson, who she and Kit (Evan Peters) tied up and hid somewhere in the bowels of Briarcliff, and gets him to admit the particulars of his criminal behavior while Kit secretly taped his confession. Then, she informs him of the existence of Baby Bloody Face.
“You know me. I can change. I have great determination,” Thredson says. “You owe me this.” Ah, but it’s a little too late. The dirty — and extremely bloody — deed has been done… or so Lana thought until Sister Satan informs her that her little coat hanger trick didn’t work.
3. Dr. Arden (almost) kills Kit.
With Thredson’s confession in hand, Kit goes to stash the tapes in the hydrobath room. Unfortunately, Dr. Arden (James Cromwell) is there to greet him, and he drops a bomb on Kit: The aliens are studying him.
“They’re studying you, Mr. Walker,” Arden explains, perhaps for a eugenics experiment, noting that both Alma (Britne Oldford) and Grace (Lizzie Brocheré) were taken after having sex with Kit. Of course, it’s an eugenics experiment! Because life is just one long eugenics experiment to Arden.
Arden then explains that he wants to bring Kit to the brink of death, then revive him to see if the aliens return to protect him. Obviously, Kit agrees. Hey, no one ever said Kit was the brightest crayon in the box. “Well then, Mr. Walker. Prepare to die,” says Arden (a little too smugly in my opinion).
4. Is Monsignor Howard a goner?
At first, I thought the Monsignor had something evil to hide. Of course, as we’ve learned, he does, but ultimately, he’s pretty naive when it comes to his faith. Sometimes, Monsignor, there are people that can’t be saved.
“You can be my miracle, Lee,” Monsignor Timothy tells psycho Santa (Ian McShane) before baptizing him in the church. Seconds later, Lee attempts to drown the Monsignor in the baptismal font. The next thing we know, there’s a dying, half-naked Joseph Fiennes crucified on a cross above the altar asking the Angel of Death for “help.”
 

meet the cast of 'american horror story: asylum'








































11 Photos »


5. Grace is alive — and pregnant!
As much as it pains me to say this, Arden was right. Once he poisoned Kit, the strobe lights kicked on and the weird noises commenced. The aliens were back, and they weren’t alone.
Arden runs to a room filled with light (obviously) to find a very coherent, and dare I say, sane, Pepper (!!!) and a very much alive — and pregnant — Grace. Those aliens are just so predictable: appearing in a white light, resurrecting the dead and impregnating women.
But hold up: Is Pepper, the criminally insane woman who killed her sister’s infant child, normal now? If so, does this mean she’s going to become Dr. Arden’s latest experiment?
Buzz Moments:
OMG!: Lana’s coat-hanger abortion might be one of the most disturbing things I’ve ever seen on TV — even worse than Lana’s aversion therapy. In fact, I’m going to take this opportunity to nominate Sarah Paulson for every single supporting actress award now.
Thank you, TV gods: When Sister Jude smashed that ever-playing French record to pieces, I, too, started clapping. Once again, Jessica Lange proves she’s the most badass actress on TV.
Awk-ward: Why in the world would Kit make a near-death pact with Dr. Arden? At what point does, ‘Hey, I’m just going to shoot some poison into your veins,’ sound like a good idea? Hasn’t he learned he can’t trust anyone in Briarcliff by now? Oh Kit, I’d love you so much more if you weren’t so daft.
Hotness: Sure, he may be Bloody Face’s son, but that doesn’t mean I can’t appreciate McDermott’s scuff — and imagine him shirtless.
Fab-u-lous: On one hand, seeing Lana give herself a coat-hanger abortion was terrifying, but given everything she had been through, it was also quite liberating. I can’t lie: I physically cringed when Thredson begged her to keep the baby. “I can change,” he said; “You owe it to me,” he wailed. As if! If only Lana would have killed him when she had the chance.
Can. Not. Wait.: To find out what Grace has to say about her time with the little green men. Is she actually pregnant with Kit’s child? Or does she have some sort of alien spawn inside of her? And does Monsignor Howard survive his brush with death? Did Kit make it alive?
Celebuzz Meter (1-10): 9
American Horror Story: Asylum airs Wednesdays at 10 PM on FX.
Watch all of our interviews from the American Horror Story: Asylum premiere below.
Celebuzz In Line Playlist Player (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player.
(Do not add Videos to this Player)


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n