Borstein and Mel Rodriguez. Metcalf received a nomination for the final season as well, along with a nomination for her work on The Big Bang Theory and Horace and Pete. "I was so happy that one of my first calls I made was to Laurie Met.../n
Attention diners: If you saw Niecy Nash crying on the morning of Thursday, July 14, it was for a very good reason: The Getting On star had just picked up her second Emmy nomination for her role on the now-ended (boo!) HBO comedy.Nash tweeted a video of herself out to breakfast crying after receiving the calls, tweets and texts about her Emmy nomination."My husband said he wanted to go get some breakfast and I said OK, but when the calls started coming in and everything started happening, I started bawling my eyes out. And then I had to apologize to him because everybody in the restaurant started giving him the stink eye," Nash told E! News' Will Marfuggi. "Like he was doing something wrong and they were like, ‘Mmmhhmmm,' and I was like, ‘Oh my god, we've got to get out of here.' We had to hurry up and leave, so I'm sorry husband, I'm sorry."

The confusion was understandable, Nash said, because her happy tears are ugly tears. "I had my sunglasses on and all you see is just tears rolling from underneath," she said.And the situation only was made more confusing for onlookers when the phone calls kept coming in and it looked like she was pushing her husband away, she said.Nash starred in the HBO comedy about the doctors and nurses who cared for patients at a geriatric extended care facility for three seasons alongside Laurie Metcalf, Alex Borstein and Mel Rodriguez. Metcalf received a nomination for the final season as well, along with a nomination for her work on The Big Bang Theory and Horace and Pete."I was so happy that one of my first calls I made was to Laurie Metcalf…That is my sister from another mister, I love you Laurie," Nash said. "This time I have one of my cast members on the journey with me. That makes it even better."But don't expect them to wear matching outfits to the awards show. Click play on the video above for more. All three seasons of Getting On are now streaming on HBO Go and be sure to look for Nash in the new season of Scream Queens as well.
/n