Your 6 Weekend Picks: One Love Manchester Benefit Concert, Tyga Seemingly Shades Kylie Jenner/n





                    Father of Three Writes an Open Letter to Ariana Grande in the Wake of the Manchester Bombing
                







:'(

 MORE >>





United they stand.

Ariana Grande, Katy Perry, Miley Cyrus, Justin Bieber and more all performed at the One Love Manchester benefit concert this weekend, raising over $3 million to support the victims and families affected in the tragic bombing this May.
Ariana, whose concert terrorists targeted last month, returned to the stage for the first time since the attack. The singer sang “My Everything” with a children’s choir, as well as covered Oasis’ “Don’t Look Back in Anger” with Coldplay’s Chris Martin and “Don’t Dream It’s Over” with Miley.
She ended the night with a rendition of “Somewhere Over the Rainbow”.










Meanwhile, Katy wore a dress printed with pictures of the victims from the Manchester Arena attack during her set.





Bieber also took the stage to sing “Love Yourself” and “Cold Water”. During the acoustic performance, the Canadian crooner broke down crying, but gained his composure to finish off his song.





Niall Horan, Pharrell Williams, The Black Eyed Peas, Little Mix, and Take That were also present. Noel Gallagher and Imogen Heap also stopped by to give surprise performances.
Though he was originally on the lineup to make an appearance, Usher later explained why he was not in attendance. “So happy to see that last night’s concert in Manchester proved that love always prevails. I would have loved to be there but it was my son’s first day at Camp Kudzu, one of the few summer camps for kids living with diabetes,” he wrote on his Instagram account. “This was an important day for him and for myself as a proud father. Stay strong UK.”
See a complete playlist of the performances — below!






Read more about this story and catch up on other celebrity news headlines from the weekend, including:

Tyga Seemingly Shade at Kylie Jenner in His New Song
Bella Thorne Shows Off Her Nipple Piercing in a Sheer Shirt
Jennifer Lopez Hangs Out with Alex Rodriguez’s Kids
Taylor Swift Enjoys Coffee Date with Joe Alwyn
Katie Cassidy Is Engaged!



Top Celebrity News Stories—June 5, 2017








































6 Photos »


/n