New York Fashion Week Spring 2013 Trends: Why We Can’t Wait for Spring (GALLERY)/n





                    NYFW Front Row Celeb Sightings 
                







Stylish stars took a front-row seat at New York Fashion Week Spring 2013. 

 MORE >>





New York Fashion Week Spring 2013 is officially over, after more than seven style-packed days of shows, parties plus style- and-star-stalking.
Wardrobe inspiration was everywhere, as the who’s-who of the fashion world flocked to the city’s Lincoln Center to see the latest collections from the hottest designers.
Joining the array of well-heeled fashion editors, buyers and bloggers, designer-clad celebs — including Jessica Alba, Rose Byrne, Kate Bosworth, Hallie Steinfeld and Mandy Moore — showed off the fall’s hottest looks.
But on the runways, spring appeared right around the corner, as designers looked ahead to the warmer months, with tons of looks we can’t wait to wear.
So what was trending on the runways for spring?


The ready-to-wear runways were packed with so many fresh ideas and creative pairings, we’re already counting down to spring and it’s only the beginning of fall!
Still, there were some currents that ran through the collections presented by the diverse lineup of designers — which  included celebrities like Katie Holmes, Victoria Beckham and Whitney Port.


nyfw's stylish front row stars 








































54 Photos »


From leather and lace to prints, pleats and pantsuits, we’ve got all the hottest trends guaranteed to get you pumped for spring (hey, it’s never bad to plan ahead!).
Click through our gallery for a peek at the top trends to look forward to for spring. Then let us know which looks you can’t wait to rock.


brightcove.createExperiences();

Reese Witherspoon is flaunting her baby bump — in style. On The Daily Buzz, our Senior Style & Beauty Editor Kristin Koch analyzes the mom-to-be-again. WATCH FULL SEGMENT BELOW. Watch The Daily Buzz each weekday at 4.30 pm ET. 

Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player



/n