Shonda Rhimes "Had a Different Plan" for Callie Before Sara Ramirez' Grey's Anatomy Exit Feeling a little blindsided by Sara Ramirez's Grey's Anatomy exit?  You're not alone. While addressing the audience a.../n
Feeling a little blindsided by Sara Ramirez's Grey's Anatomy exit? You're not alone. While addressing the audience at Vulture Festival in New York on Sunday, creator Shonda Rhimes revealed that she only learned that Ramirez wanted to leave the show about three days before the actress hinted at the end of her run in a cryptic tweet. "That's a wrap for Doctor #CallieTorres #Season13 #GreysAnatomy #ThankYou all for an enriching & unforgettable #Rollercoaster ride!" she tweeted on April 28. At the time, ABC would not confirm or comment on Ramirez' status on the show, but the news of her departure officially broke just after the season 12 finale, in which Arizona presented Callie with a new custody plan and tickets to New York. Originally, that scene was not going to be her exit scene. "[Callie's exit] was interesting," Rhimes said. "It was different because it wasn't a big, planned thing. I had a different plan going and when Sara came and said, 'I really need to take this break,' I was sort of lucky that we had shot the end of the season with her going to New York." "I felt really good that we had shot that ending and that she said she wanted to take this break and we were able to give it to her because I love the woman and I want to do everything for her," Rhimes added. "It all worked out in that sense."

Ramirez joins Sandra Oh and Patrick Dempsey on the list of long-time Grey's Anatomy stars who have exited the series. "You never want to see anybody go—you want them to be there forever," Rhimes said. "I find it fascinating that people are shocked that people are exiting. Think about this—most shows go for four seasons? The number of dramas that have gone for four seasons is under 50, and we're heading into season 13. The idea that Sandra did it for 10 seasons and then was ready to go was amazing. I kept waiting. Season six, season seven, season eight, I was like, ‘Sandra, are you good?' Because I know what that is for an actor. You grow and change and then you itch for something new...you have to be really respectful of that."As for Derek's death at the end of season 11, Rhimes marveled at the rumors surrounding Dempsey's exit. "For Patrick, people make such a nasty deal of that whole thing and I'm like, ‘Why? I think people want a story on the outside that doesn't have to do with anything on the inside. That was a lot of seasons."As for when the show itself might end, Rhimes confirmed that Ellen Pompeo will make that decision. "Our pact is that we will go together. When she goes, I go." Hopefully, that's not for a while, because even after 12 seasons, we still can't get enough. Grey's Anatomy returns to ABC this fall. 
/n