Chelsea Clinton Being Eyed For Using Charity 'Resources' For $3M Wedding/n
Hillary Clinton has been cleaning up one scandal after another as Nov. 8 nears, but her latest one may be a lot harder to explain. According to a new round of Wikileaks that were released on Nov. 6, RadarOnline.com has learned that Chelsea allegedly used Foundation “resources” to pay for her estimated $3 million dollar wedding.
According to the Daily Mail, the explosive secret showed up during a conversation that happened between top aide to Bill Clinton and former Clinton Global Initiative board member, Doug Band (who refers to Chelsea Victoria Clinton as “cvc”), and John Podesta, chairman of Hillary’s presidential campaign this year.
The emails may not reveal what specific “resources” or if any funds were removed for her personal use, but it’s clear there was severe concern over what Chelsea was doing with the family’s non-profit Clinton Foundation.
PHOTOS: REVEALED: Hillary’s Daily Call List! Martha Stewart, Bon Jovi, Barbara Walters & More
Band first emailed Podesta in 2012: “I just received a call from a close friend of (William Jefferson Clinton) who said that cvc told one of the (George W Bush) kids that she is conducting an internal investigation of money within the foundation from cgi to the foundation,” he said. “The Bush kid then told someone who told an operative within the republican party.” Added Band, “I have heard more and more chatter of cvc and (Bari Lurie, chief of staff to Chelsea Clinton at the Clinton Foundation) talking about lots of what is going internally to people. Not smart.”
After Podesta replied to Band saying his message was an “understatement,” Band replies again with, “I learned from the best. The investigation into her getting paid for campaigning, using foundation resources for her wedding and life for a decade, taxes on money from her parents…” Band goes on, “I hope that you will speak to her and end this. Once we go down this road…” he trailed off.
PHOTOS: Chelsea Clinton Shows Off Beautiful Baby Charlotte On NYC Stroll As Grandma Hillary Announces Candidacy For Prez!
It’s not the first time Chelsea has been wrapped into her mom’s email criminal investigation. As RadarOnline.com reported, a previous Wikileaks release revealed Chelsea was using a fake identity when corresponding with Hillary.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n