It’s A Date! Teresa Giudice's Prison To Host Mommy & Me Tea For Daughters/n
Teresa Giudice is missing out on special moments of her daughters’ lives while she’s locked up in prison. But RadarOnline.com has learned they can look forward to sharing one precious experience with their mom in the near future — a prison mommy and me tea!
The Real Housewives of New Jersey star recently began her newly reduced 13-month prison sentence. While she’s keeping busy in jail starting to work on a tell-all book, and doing chores, a prison rep told Radar exclusively that she may soon be able to take a break and have a special visit with her daughters.
The facility held a Mommy and Me Tea for female offenders at the Federal Prison Camp (FPC) in Danbury, Connecticut on December 2, 2014, and a prison rep told Radar, “There will be another tea. We are not sure when, but they are looking to have another one.”
PHOTOS: Devoted Delinquents: Joe Giudice Stops At The Post Office – Sending Love Letters To Jailbird Teresa?
“It’s a new thing,” the rep added, “but they are looking to have other programs like this.”
Prior to attending the tea, however, the 42-year-old mom of Milania, 9, Gabriella, 8, and Audriana, 3, will have to participate in “parenting classes” and lessons on “personal growth and development.”
During the last Mommy and Me Tea, 19 children were able to spend some precious bonding time together with 12 incarcerated mothers. While sipping tea, the moms were allowed to present their daughters with handmade gifts that they made while in the slammer!
PHOTOS: From Tax Evasion To Murder – 22 Celebs Who, Like Teresa Giudice, Were Jailed AFTER They Became Famous
To aid in the festivities, the inmates got to dress up, donning Amal Clooney-style white glove. Some of the inmates also sported a shawl. Their daughters had tiaras to wear, and, while sipping on their tea, everyone sat at ornately decorated tables that incorporated faux pearls, a teapot, and more!
Additionally, the prison’s warden, Herman Quay III, gave a speech that included the quote “A Mother’s arms are more comforting than anyone else’s,” from Princess Diana.
As Radar has reported, Giudice has already missed several family milestones, including daughter Gia’s birthday and a recent cheerleading competition. /n