 ‘F*ck You, Then Kill Yourself’: Gene Simmons Gets Blowback After Flippant Take On.../n
Gene Simmons’ controversial recent comments regarding suicide have landed the KISS mainstay in hot water, as the flippant take was made less than two weeks before Robin Williams‘ shocking death brought the touchy topic to the forefront of national discussion.
Simmons, speaking with Songfacts.com July 31, shared a dismissive attitude toward those with suicidal tendencies, trumpeting himself as one to “call them on their bluff.”
PHOTOS: 20 Weird And Wacky Hollywood Conspiracy Theories
“For a putz 20-year-old kid to say, ‘I’m depressed. I live in Seattle.’ F*ck you, then kill yourself. I never understand . . . I’m the guy who says, ‘Jump,’ when there’s a guy on top of a building who says, ‘That’s it, I can’t take it anymore. I’m going to jump.’”
Simmons said those who threaten self-harm are likely playing things up to get attention for themselves.
“Are you kidding? Why are you announcing it? Shut the f*ck up, have some dignity and jump! You’ve got the crowd,” he said. “By the way, you walk up to the same guy on a ledge who threatens to jump and put a gun to his head, ‘I’m going to blow your f*ckin’ head off.’ He’ll go, ‘Please don’t.’ It’s true.
“He’s not that insane.”
PHOTOS: Courtney Bingham & Nikki Sixx Feathering Their Nest For Baby
While the niche entertainer’s comments initially flew under the radar, Williams’ death brought back the controversial remarks from the woodwork, getting a harsh response from another rock luminary, as well as a ban from a radio network.
Mötley Crüe‘s Nikki Sixx called Simmons words “pretty moronic,” reminding his audience on Sixx Sense, his radio show, how self-aggrandizing the 64-year-old Simmons can tend to be.
“He thinks everybody listens to him, that he is the God of Thunder,” the “Wild Side” rocker said. “He will tell you he is the greatest man on earth, and to be honest with you, I like Gene. But in this situation, I don’t like Gene. I don’t like Gene’s words.”
Sixx, who’s been open about his history of addiction and recovery, cautioned any celebrity to be judicious with their words when speaking on the delicate topic.
PHOTOS: What Happened Here? Celebrity Deaths That Remain A Mystery
“There is a 20-year-old kid out there who is a KISS fan and reads this and goes, ‘You know what? He’s right. I should just kill myself,’” Sixx said. “For people who are depressed, there is a way out.
“There are many, many ways out and I don’t want people to listen to an interview from a rock star, who’s telling you the only way out is out.”
The blowback from Simmons’ comments also has led to a boycott on KISS songs on Australia’s Triple M network, as boss Mike Fitzpatrick said that Simmons’ “desperation to use mental health issues to find relevancy in a modern age is sickening,” and that “depression and suicide are not topics he should be using to further his notoriety or sell records.”
Simmons, in what might have been a preemptive mea culpa, did not rehash his take in the wake of Williams death, as he tweeted, “R.I.P. Robin Williams. A kind and generous man,” as well as re-tweeting a photo of Williams with info leading to the National Suicide Prevention Hotline.
If anyone you know, is struggling with thoughts of suicide, please immediately seek help. You can speak with a skilled, trained counselor at a national Suicide Prevention Lifeline crisis center in your area, anytime 24/7 — call 1-800-273-TALK (8255).
FULL COVERAGE:
It Wasn’t A Relapse: Robin Williams Told Wife He ‘Had Nothing To Live For’ Before Suicide — Summer Rehab Stay Was For ‘Deep Depression,’ Claims Source
Robin Williams’ Life Was Scarred By Drugs And Booze—Star Was Haunted By Pal John Belushi’s ‘Speedball’ Overdose
5 Latest Developments In Robin Williams Death: Star ‘Insisted’ On Boozing During Filming Of CBS Show, Dreaded Emotional Investment In Movies
It’s Throwback Time: See Robin Williams’ Childhood Photos
‘The Final Fight Is Over’ — Husband Of The Assistant Who Found Robin Williams’ Body Speaks Out About His ‘Heartbreaking’ Last Days
Robin Williams Was Sleeping Up To 18 Hours A Day — Inside His Dark Depression 
5 Latest Developments In Robin Williams Death: Kids Break Silence, Daughter Deals With Bully Trolls, While Late Night Kings Pays Homage
A Lasting Legacy: Robin Williams Made Plans To Leave His Fortune To His Kids In The Years Before He Died — Inside The Secret Trusts
The Woman Who Discovered Robin Williams’ Body REVEALED — Longtime Assistant & Close Friend Rebecca Erwin Spencer Came Upon The Shocking Death Scene
Commercial Co-Star Fondly Remembers Robin Williams — ‘He Was Very Kind-Hearted & An Incredible Soul’
YouTube Top Ten: Robin Williams’ Most Viewed Clips Will Give Fans A Much-Needed Laugh
Christopher Reeve ‘Wanted To Die’ Until Robin Williams Lifted His Spirits — A Look At Their Extraordinary Friendship
Robin Williams Found With Superficial Cuts On His Wrists & Belt Around His Neck — Sheriff Reveals How Robin Williams Killed Himself
Death Of Robin’s Older Brother Was A Low Point For Williams — Took His Life 7 Years Later, Almost To The Day
Robin Williams’ Hollywood Peers Remember The Late, Great Star Of Film & TV
Tortured Robin Williams Photographed At AA Meeting
Robin Williams Death ‘Apparent Suicide Attempt By Hanging:’ Dispatcher; Actor Didn’t Leave A Note

Robin Williams Death: Daughter’s Tribute, Hoffman Connection & More
Robin Williams Had ‘Serious Money Troubles’ In Months Before His Death, Claims Friend — Was The Pressure Too Much?
A Father’s Love: Robin Williams’ Tragic Last Words To His Beloved Daughter Zelda Williams Revealed
Inside The Waterfront Home Where Robin Williams Tragically Died
In Memoriam: Robin Williams’ Career Was Pure Magic – He Was A Genie After All
Robin Williams Was Gaunt, Subdued, In Haunting Last Image Taken During Summer Rehab Stay — SEE The Disturbing Photo
Coroner Suspects Robin Williams Death ‘To Be A Suicide Due To Asphyxia’ — Read The Police Report /n