 EXCLUSIVE VIDEO INTERVIEW: Hollywood's Gay Secrets Exposed In New Tell-All Book -- Is.../n
The secrets of ‘Gay Hollywood’ are about to be revealed in a new tell-all book, and one of the women exposed as having had a lesbian fling is presumably pop star Rihanna.
Author Natajah ‘Tajah’ Burton — a stunning model/businesswoman — sat down exclusively with RadarOnline.com to dish on her upcoming book entitled Low Down Dirty Shame.
PHOTOS: Celebs Who Have ‘Come Out’
While the openly gay Tajah refused to reveal names, she certainly hinted at the fling with Rihanna and dished about other relationships with successful Hollywood women.
“One of my experiences is with a pop artist. She is beautiful, amazing,” Tajah told RadarOnline.com. “We hit it off and it became sexual. It became really intense,” she said of the affair. “It started off as friends, I didn’t even know she was into women.”
PHOTOS: Sofia Black D’Elia Poses for Stepping Out Magazine
Mediatakeout.com previously posted excerpts from Tajah’s book and alleged that Rihanna was the “Barbadian pop R&B artist” with whom Tajah had an affair.
Speaking to RadarOnline.com, Tajah says she told the woman that she was going to put her in the book.
PHOTOS: Stars Without Makeup
“She asked that I keep her identity private outside of the sexual relationship,” the author said.
“I’m not going to say that she’s a lesbian. I’m not trying to force her to come out or anyone in my book, but I am bringing this to the forefront because it needs to be discussed.”
PHOTOS:  Sexiest Movie Cheaters 
Rihanna has openly admired fellow female stars in the past, including labeling Megan Fox “yummy”, and joking that Trinidadian Hip Hop and R&B recording artist Nicki Minaj was her “sex partner”.
Tajah says her book also has “outrageous” details about parties with prominent athletes engaging in gay sex and other shocking stories.
PHOTOS: Celebrity Smooches
In a previous interview, Tajah detailed her motivation for writing the book.
“I feel it’s my duty to bring awareness to people that may be struggling with their sexuality that there are a lot of people that they may look up to that are actually, privately gay themselves,” she said.
PHOTOS: Beauty Queens Turned Actresses
“When I was growing up within a Christian family I prayed every night not to be gay, and it was a tough time for me, I felt I had no one to look up to.”
Watch the video on RadarOnline.com
Low Down Dirty Shame is scheduled to be released in March.
 
RELATED STORIES:
EXCLUSIVE: ‘Skins’ Star Sofia Black D’Elia Defends Controversial Show, Says Parents Have ‘Trust’ Issues
Portia de Rossi Says Ex-Hubby ‘Ran Off With My Brother’s Wife’
Rihanna Accused Of Ripping Off Famed Photographer In S&M Video — See The Photos /n