Nathan Griffith BLASTS Jenelle Evans’ Fiancé David: ‘Talk To Me Like A Man’/n“Should a non biological wanna be dad talk poorly about the father in front of a child,” Nathan asked the Twitterverse. He included two answers for followers to choose from, either “He’s a piece of s**t” or “He needs his…”“Anyways, DAVID EASON, if you want to man up for once and talk to me like a man, face to face, I would love to exchange words like adults,” Nathan continued.Nathan then posted a screenshot of messages he received from Jenelle, who texted him upon seeing the tweets and wrote, “I’m filing to go back to court. You and your mother are ridiculous.”Nathan responded to Jenelle via Twitter, writing, “Jenelle you contact me then block me as soon as you get your two cents in, you're in contempt of court in multiple ways, so please do!”Nathan then posted two texts he sent to Jenelle, one of which didn’t go through after Jenelle blocked him. In the texts, Nathan advised Jenelle to “stop battering and bulling people” and to “stop feeding my child words like ‘mean.’”Jenelle acknowledged Nathan’s rant on Twitter, tweeting, “How about you keep the personal drama off the internet. David doesn’t have a Twitter.”Nathan previously ranted against Jenelle in an exclusive interview with RadarOnline.com. After Jenelle slammed Nathan’s girlfriend Ashley Landhart, Nathan accused Jenelle of often crossing “that line of moral consciousness” and continuing “to harass and stalk” his love life.Do you think Nathan should have put his feud with David on Twitter? Sound off in the comments below!“Should a non biological wanna be dad talk poorly about the father in front of a child,” Nathan asked the Twitterverse. He included two answers for followers to choose from, either “He’s a piece of s**t” or “He needs his…”“Anyways, DAVID EASON, if you want to man up for once and talk to me like a man, face to face, I would love to exchange words like adults,” Nathan continued.Nathan then posted a screenshot of messages he received from Jenelle, who texted him upon seeing the tweets and wrote, “I’m filing to go back to court. You and your mother are ridiculous.”Nathan responded to Jenelle via Twitter, writing, “Jenelle you contact me then block me as soon as you get your two cents in, you're in contempt of court in multiple ways, so please do!”Nathan then posted two texts he sent to Jenelle, one of which didn’t go through after Jenelle blocked him. In the texts, Nathan advised Jenelle to “stop battering and bulling people” and to “stop feeding my child words like ‘mean.’”Jenelle acknowledged Nathan’s rant on Twitter, tweeting, “How about you keep the personal drama off the internet. David doesn’t have a Twitter.”Nathan previously ranted against Jenelle in an exclusive interview with RadarOnline.com. After Jenelle slammed Nathan’s girlfriend Ashley Landhart, Nathan accused Jenelle of often crossing “that line of moral consciousness” and continuing “to harass and stalk” his love life.Do you think Nathan should have put his feud with David on Twitter? Sound off in the comments below!/n