Joe Biden APPROVES Of Son Hunter's Sordid Affair With Brother's Widow/n
Joe Biden not only acknowledged son Hunter‘s shocking affair with late brother Beau‘s widow, the former vice president approved of the relationship!
As Radar reported, the political world was rocked on Wednesday when Page Six revealed that Joe’s married son, Hunter, had been dating his dead brother’s widow, Hallie Biden. Hunter has been quietly separated from his wife Kathleen since 2015, the publication claimed. Beau Biden died of cancer on May 30, 2015.
“We are all lucky that Hunter and Hallie found each other as they were putting their lives together again after such sadness. They have mine and Jill’s full and complete support and we are happy for them,” Joe said in an official statement.
PHOTOS: Obama, Biden & Broadway! 7 Shocking Moments From The DNC’s 3rd Night
Meanwhile, Hunter, who is a lawyer, has released his own statement regarding the new relationship: “Hallie and I are incredibly lucky to have found the love and support we have for each other in such a difficult time, and that’s been obvious to the people who love us most. We’ve been so lucky to have family and friends who have supported us every step of the way.”
When reached by Radar, Kathleen’s brother, John Buhle, just laughed at a request for comment! A giggling Buhle told Radar, “I’m sorry I don’t have [a comment]. Thanks for calling!”
Following Beau’s tragic death, Joe revealed it ruined the thought of running for president in 2016.
PHOTOS: EXPLOSIVE VIDEO: Malia Obama CAUGHT On Camera Smoking ‘Pot’
“No one should ever seek the presidency unless they’re able to devote their whole heart and soul and passion into just doing that,” he told ABC News last year. “Beau was my soul. I just wasn’t ready to be able to do that. My one regret is my Beau’s not here. I don’t have any other regrets.”
Do you think Joe should approve of Hunter’s unorthodox relationship or knock some sense into his son? Sound off in the comments below!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n