Vanity Fair Photographers Respond to Rumer Willis’ Claim They Bullied Her by Altering Her Face/n





                    Rumer Willis Sings ‘Me & My Baby’ as 'Chicago's' Roxie Hart
                







In her role on Broadway as Roxie Hart, Rumer Willis showed up to Live with Kelly & Michael to perform Me & My Baby

 MORE >>





They give an explanation on why Rumer Willis’ jaw may look different in a recent photo.
The eldest child of Demi Moore and Bruce Willis took offense when she saw a photo of herself and sisters Tallulah and Scout, taken during a recent shoot for Vanity Fair magazine.
In an Instagram post, Rumer alleges the photographers, Mark Williams and Sara Hirakawa, digitally altered her jawline to make it less pronounced and equated such photoshopping as “a form of bullying.”
She wrote in the caption, “I love the way I look and I won’t support anyone who would feel a need to change the way I look to make me beautiful. Whether or not they realize it, it is a form of bullying, which I won’t stand for.”






 Any friends of fans of mine who posted this I would appreciate if you took it down. The photographer Photoshopped my face to make my jaw smaller and I find it really offensive for anyone to try and change the way you look so drastically. I love the way I look and I won't support anyone who would feel  a need to change the way I look to make me beautiful. Whether or not they realize it, it is a form of bullying, which I won't stand for.
A photo posted by Rumer Willis (@ruelarue) on May 3, 2016 at 11:55am PDT



Williams and Hirakawa issued a statement to E! News on Wednesday, explaining why they retouched the photo, and how it was “never any intention” to “alter her appearance.”
“The retouching that was done to the photograph was only done to resolve some distortion with using a wide angle lens for a group shot, and not to alter or modify anyone’s face. We used a wide angle lens, and it might’ve made Rumer’s chin look smaller from the higher angle that we shot the image. We did correct for the optics of the lens slightly as people’s heads get distorted through the wide angle lens. We certainly did not intend to change the way she naturally looks. Our intention was to capture the special bond between Rumer and her sisters. It saddens us that Rumer feels the way she does about the image and hope she understands that there was never any intention with it to alter her appearance.”


Rumer Willis Bikinis in Maui








































9 Photos »


They added, “We should make clear that this image was an outtake and was not published in Vanity Fair or vf.com nor did they ever see it.”
Willis has opened up in the past about growing up self-conscious about her body image. She told Glamour magazine last July, “When you grow up in the public eye the way that I did, everyone’s looking at you and waiting for you to do something crazy or say something wrong or have a meltdown. I was constantly bullied because of my looks, so I struggled a lot with my body image. I wanted to have no butt; I wanted to have no boobs.”
Now, she embraces her own beauty. “Let’s allow ourselves to say, ‘These are my flaws, but I’m still beautiful.’ Let’s find our own value, know what we have to offer—and know that that is enough.”


Demi Moore and Rumer Willis Through the Years








































16 Photos »


/n