Doctor Interrupts Her Honeymoon To Deliver A Baby — 30,000 Feet In The Air!/n

Poor Dr. Angelica Zen!
The UCLA physician was just trying to enjoy the last few hours of her honeymoon before retuning to reality last week when the plane she was on had a bit of an issue!
Let's call it a labor violation! LOLz!
Related: Awesome Father Lets His Son Dress As Elsa From Frozen For Halloween & He Has A Sweet Costume Too!
Dr. Zen was notified by flight attendants that a woman on board had just gone into labor weeks ahead of her due date, and — since the plane at that point was still over the open ocean — that baby was going to be born at 30,000 feet!
Zen sprung into action on the China Air flight, which would end up diverting from its Los Angeles destination to Alaska, and helped deliver a safe and healthy child!
The good doctor explained: 

"They initially told me it was just a lady having some abdominal pain, so I thought it was going to be something simple. But when I saw her she was, like, very pregnant."
Uh-oh!!
Fortunately, with the help of the plane's cabin staff, the good doc delivered the baby without incident:

"When the baby came out healthy, I was just very relieved. Usually I see adult patients, older patients and pediatric kids. [This was] definitely outside of my job description."
But even despite limited supplies, Dr. Zen worked her magic and the baby was born without complications!
Related: Rachel Bilson Opens Up About Being A Mom!
Edmund Chen, another passenger who was a row behind the mother in labor, was equally shocked about the event, likening it to something in the movies when the crew asked passengers over the intercom if there were a doctor on board:

"The baby got delivered, and everybody applauded."
In other inneresting news, if that baby was birthed within 12 miles of the Alaskan mainland, it is a United States citizen!
Related: Catch Up On All The Baby Blabber HERE!
And while airport officials have been mum about where exactly in the sky the mom gave birth, Dr. Zen did comment on that:

"It was right when we were descending that the baby crowned."
It appears momma and baby are doing just fine now, having been taken to an Alaska hospital while the flight once again took off for its final destination in El Lay.
What a day that must have been for everyone involved!
[Image via KABC.]
/n