Janie Fricke's Crossover from Jingles to Singles Makes Her Country's Newest Brand Name/n
The road to fame in Nashville may not be as well traveled as Interstate 40, but it’s just as well marked. An ambitious singer is told to churn out records by the truckload, then imprint them on country consciousness by nonstop touring. That’s how it worked, at least until Janie Fricke came along. Fricke (rhymes with picky) infrequently sings in public and rarely tours solo. She’s cut only one album, Singer of Songs, which barely surfaced on the charts this year. Yet at the October 9 televised Country Music Association Awards, Nashville’s Oscars, she’s up for female vocalist of the year, along with Crystal Gayle, Emmylou Harris, Dolly Parton and Barbara Mandrell. The unknown Fricke nosed out titans like Loretta Lynn, a minor scandal that’s left her feeling “flabbergasted, proud and amazed.”
The explanation is that if Janie is not recognized everywhere, she’s certainly heard. At 30, she is Nashville’s leading “session” (i.e., back-up) singer. She has sung along on 23 Top 10 country singles for headliners like Ronnie Milsap, Mel Tillis, Donna Fargo and even Elvis, and in the past year alone she has backed on some 1,200 records. Janie’s versatile voice (she shifts effortlessly from blues to rock to country) is also hot in the lucrative commercial jingle market. She’s done “United We Fly” for the airlines and “Un-Do It” for 7-Up, not to mention others for Coors, Toyota, RC Cola and Pizza Hut.
The only commodity Fricke hasn’t pushed is herself. She refuses to undertake prolonged tours “like Crystal and Dolly” and admits that her label, Columbia, “is slightly perplexed with me because I don’t have a star attitude.” As Fricke sees it, “All some people think about is profit. They don’t know about the loneliness of the road, or airports, or talking to drunks, or driving home alone at 3 a.m.” Instead, Janie can spend off-hours in her three-story ivy-covered brick mansion in Nashville filled with antique furniture and enlivened by two retrievers, Jocko and Jessie. “It’s hard to imagine,” frets one Columbia Records executive. “We have hundreds of people battering down the doors, but she’s taking it real cool.” Her boyfriend-manager, Randy Jackson, 32, explains: “Janie just wants a normal life—a home and a dog and happiness.”
Fricke grew up the youngest of three children on a 400-acre Indiana farm. Her pianist mother gave her music and voice lessons and her father taught her guitar. Fricke sang in coffeehouses while at the University of Indiana but dropped out briefly to sing in Dallas and Memphis jingle factories. She recorded radio station promos, using a different style for each station’s format. (At a studio session recently, Fricke was asked, “Which of your 16 voices are you going to use today?”)
After returning to graduate from Indiana, Janie couldn’t break in as an L.A. session singer and wound up singing in a boîte and teaching gifted children. Then, in Nashville, she recorded a background chorus on Johnny Duncan’s Stranger. She refused credit, but after the record took off everyone started asking for “the mystery voice.” Duncan used her in more hits, with the result that Janie’s other CMA nomination this year is with him as best vocal duo.
This year Fricke’s single, Please Help Me, I’m Falling, almost climbed into the Top 10, but hardly whetted her ambition. “I haven’t any goals other than to be a successful studio singer,” she insists. To underline the point, she startled a Columbia Records convention last July by pointedly singing Don’t Rain on My Parade. When the bigwigs recovered, they gave her a standing ovation.
/n