Suitcase Killer Heather Mack Boasts She Has ‘No Regrets’ For Murdering Mom/n
The evil American teen who butchered her mom while vacationing in Bali and stuffed her body in a suitcase has claimed she has “no regrets!”
Heather Mack, now 21, was convicted of helping her then-boyfriend brutally bash in her mother’s brains in August 2014.
But now Mack has confessed on YouTube videos that she alone killed her mother, Sheila von Wiese-Mack — in revenge for her mother killing her father!
“Two weeks before I came to Bali, I found out that she killed my father, and I made it up in my heart, in my mind, my soul, in my blood … that I wanted to kill my mother,” Mack said in the videos.
PHOTOS: Oh No, Lilo! Lindsay Flashes Cut & Bruised Legs At Ritzy Bash
“I wanted to kill her in a hotel room, because she had killed my father in a hotel room. We were going to Bali, so I began to plot.”
The sicko went on to declare: “I don’t regret killing my mother, and as evil as that may sound, that’s my reality.”
Mack also claimed she “trapped” her then-boyfriend, Tommy Schaefer, into taking the blame for the murder. He’s now serving an 18-year prison term.
Mack was 10 when her father, jazz composer James L. Mack, died of a pulmonary embolism during a family vacation in Greece in 2006, according to his obituary.
But Mack’s claim that her mother murdered her father is “completely false,” according to her mother’s sister.
PHOTOS: Mariah Carey Introduces Boytoy Bryan Tanaka To Her Kids
As Radar has reported, Mack is serving a 10-year sentence in an Indonesian jail — but she’s having a ball behind bars, engaging in jailhouse affairs and flashing cash to get whatever she wants!
“She walks around the jail like she owns the place! She has everything!” one inmate texted to a Radar informant.
Mack gave birth to a daughter, Stella, while behind bars in 2015, and split with Schaefer in 2016.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n