Casey Anthony's Parents Are Blasted By Bank In Legal Battle To Save Their Home/n
Casey Anthony was acquitted of murdering her daughter Caylee, 2, in one of the most high-profile court cases ever.
Her sad parents Cynthia and George had to testify in Casey’s Florida trial which resulted in a “not guilty” verdict that shocked the nation in 2011.
And now, Radar has learned, legal documents show that Cynthia and George are suffering new court woes. They are being blasted by a bank in a desperate battle to save their Florida home from foreclosure.
READ THE COURT DOCS!
PHOTOS: Running From Her Past? Casey Anthony Surfaces In Florida Nearly 7 Years After Daughter’s Murder — 10 Photos Of Her New Life
As Radar has previously reported, Cynthia and George owe more than $125,000 on the house.  The bank claims that the couple is solely to blame for the situation and is demanding the court toss their attempt to save their property.
Legal papers reveal that back in April, Cynthia and George Anthony were sued by US Bank National Association, which demanded that their home be foreclosed on.
The bank accused Casey’s parents of defaulting on their mortgage related to their home in Orlando, Florida, court docs indicate. The suit, filed in Florida, claimed Cynthia and George failed to make a single payment in more than six years.
PHOTOS: Casey Anthony Caught Living It Up Amid Shocking Sex Scandal
US Bank National’s lawsuit demanded the court allow them to kick Casey’s parents out of their home and sell off the property at public auction to the highest bidder.
According to court docs, the Anthonys owe a total of $128,000 plus interest on the house.
On June 19, however, Cynthia and George fired back at the lawsuit, demanding their home NOT be sold off at foreclosure and they filed a counter-claim against U.S. Bank.
PHOTOS: 5 Years After Murder Acquittal: Smiling Casey Anthony Spotted Out With Her Dog
They denied all allegations of wrongdoing in the complaint. The Anthonys accused the bank of failing to give notice and an opportunity to cure the default no less than 30 days prior to acceleration of the debt.
Cynthia and George have explained they were sued in 2013 for foreclosure but entered into a settlement to save their home and end the lawsuit. They claim to have held up their end of the settlement but claim the plaintiffs failed to fulfill their obligations by not proposing an agreement and instead filing this lawsuit demanding foreclosure.
Due to the bank not complying with the terms of their deal, Cynthia and George contended, the entire case needs to be tossed out.
PHOTOS: Casey Anthony Caught Living It Up Amid Shocking Sex Scandal
On July 19, U.S. Bank fired back at Cynthia & George’s counter-suit demanding the suit be thrown out.
The bank denies the Anthony’s performed their end of the settlement deal — by failing to provide a complete financial package to their loan servicer, which was a condition precedent to U.S. Bank’s loan servicer reviewing their loan for a modification
The bank claimed they informed Casey’s parents and their attorney about their failure to submit the complete financial package– who told them they were looking into it but never received the missing paperwork, so the modification request was properly denied.
PHOTOS: Smiling Casey Anthony Caught At Florida Bar — As Mom Is Hospitalized!
After Cynthia and George failed to fix their issues by refusing to two loan modification trial period payment offers in 2016, the bank said, their counter-suit should be tossed and the foreclosure lawsuit proceed.
And what about their notorious daughter, Casey, whom many believe killed her daughter although she was acquitted?
Casey was recently spotted smiling at a bar in Florida as her mom was hospitalized for kidney issues.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n