This Is What Hilary Duff Thinks of Selena Gomez/n





                    Here's What Lady Gaga Thinks of Selena Gomez's Mental Health Break
                







The Mother Monster feels for Selena Gomez. 

 MORE >>










                    Britney Spears Is Selena Gomez's Biggest Fan
                







"I was really, really inspired by her work."

 MORE >>





Hilary Duff may have grown up in the spotlight and made it out virtually unscathed, but she feels for the next generation of starlets. According to the actress, who found fame as the titular character on Lizzie McGuire, she genuinely sympathizes with Disney Channel alums that came after her — particularly one named Selena Gomez.

“I think it’s hard. I just feel for them,” Duff tells Sirius XM’s JustJenny. “When I was just coming on to the scene was when all the gossip stuff started, but now it’s at such an extreme level. And there’s just such a focus on personal life. It must be a really tough struggle.”
When asked about Gomez, who’s currently taking a professional hiatus to focus on her mental and physical health as she battles lupus, Duff only has kind words for her fellow former child star.
“I think the saving grace is that she makes great music and so people love her,” she says. “People read [the gossip] and it falls out of their heads so fast now. The public is smart [about] gossip magazines and that they’re just trying to make money. I’m sure people gossip about it with their friends for a second, but at the end of the day, they love those people and they love their music.”


the evolution of selena gomez








































20 Photos »


However, Duff admittedly wasn’t always such a good girl. Last year, the mom-of-one confessed to sneaking into nightclubs back in the day when she was still underage.
“I used to lie about to my age to get into clubs and stuff,” she told Time. “Yeah, but I think they would all know how old I was anyway. I was pretty well-known by the time I was trying to get into clubs, and they would just let me in anyway. It wasn’t hard for me to get in. I knew most of the people — I’m not trying to sound like a brat or anything! I had an older sister too, so she learned the ropes for me and then I got to just sneak in. Super naughty!”
Clearly, she’s all grown up now.


hilary duff through the years








































32 Photos »


/n