Nicolle Wallace Says She Learned About Being Fired From The View From the Press – As Sherri Shepherd Defends Her/n
Nicolle Wallace has revealed that when she got fired from The View in July, she found out just like everyone else did – by reading about it in the press.  
“They never called me,” Wallace admitted to Variety on Thursday when asked what ABC had told her about her termination.   
Wallace explained that the night Variety had run a story on her firing, ABC summoned her agent and offered her a contributor role.   
The former co-host also shared that the network offered her a role at ABC News, but she turned both down when she realized there was no room for negotiation.  
“I felt like if it had been two days a week or enough time to have more of a presence, I’d consider it,” Wallace said in regards to the contributor role. “They weren’t interested in negotiating with me. It didn’t make sense for me.”  
While Wallace was cordial about moving on, another former co-host spoke up about the network’s decision to get rid of her. Sherri Shepherd, who spent seven seasons on the show before leaving last August, tells PEOPLE that she was “disappointed” about Wallace’s exit.   
“She’s a good friend of mine. I think you need someone like Nicole Wallace sitting there who is passionate about politics but knows she has to fight,” she said.  
“That’s the thing about sitting at the table at The View,” she added. “It’s so important it’s political season. You need someone at the table who is going to break that political structure and what it means for us, so I am very disappointed.”  
Joe and Gigi Get a Nickname, Jimmy Fallon and Adam Sandler Flip Lips and Rosie Perez Sounds Off on Life After The View

Actress Candace Cameron Bure is set to take Wallace’s place as the resident conservative next season.   
“I think she’ll be great,” Wallace told Variety. “The one thing I think that is the most important to your success is the support of executives you work for, and she has that.” 
/n