Annie Lennox Defends Calling Beyoncé ''Feminist Lite''—''Twerking Is Not Feminism'' Annie Lennox is once again sharing her thoughts on Beyoncé. Last month, the 59-year-old former Eurythmics singer made.../n
Annie Lennox is once again sharing her thoughts on Beyoncé.Last month, the 59-year-old former Eurythmics singer made headlines for labeling the "Love on Top" songstress a "feminist lite." Now, Lennox is once again sounding off on today's pop music icons.In an interview with NPR, Lennox was asked about female musicians being overly sexual in their performances (aka, twerking). "The reason why I've commented is because I think that this overt sexuality thrust—literally—at particular audiences, when very often performers have a very, very young audience, like 7 years old, I find it disturbing and I think its exploitative. It's troubling. I'm coming from a perspective of a woman that's had children," she said.



Mason Poole/Invision for Parkwood Entertainment/AP Images

"Some people will know that you specifically criticized Beyoncé for this the other day," NPR's Steve Inskeep asked her."Well, I didn't specifically criticize Beyoncé," Lennox explained. "I was being asked about Beyoncé in the context of feminism, and I was thinking at the time about very impactful feminists that have dedicated their lives to the movement of liberating women and supporting women at the grass roots, and I was saying, 'Well, that's one end of the spectrum, and then you have the other end of the spectrum.'"

"Listen, twerking is not feminism," Lennox added. "That's what I'm referring to. It's not—it's not liberating, it's not empowering. It's a sexual thing that you're doing on a stage; it doesn't empower you. That's my feeling about it...Maybe this is a good thing because it creates debate."While sounding off on Bey last month, Lennox also admitted to being a fan of the Grammy winner. Speaking about Beyoncé's show, Lennox said, "I would call that 'feminist lite.' L-I-T-E. I'm sorry. It's tokenistic to me. I mean, I think she's a phenomenal artist—I just love her performances—but I'd like to sit down [with her]. I think I'd like to sit down with quite a few artists and talk to them. I'd like to listen to them. I'd like to hear what they truly think."
/n