BRB, Sobbing Over This Letter/n

**SPOILER ALERT**
As you know, fans were equal parts shocked and devastated after Rayna Jaymes, the character played by Connie Britton, was killed off Nashville in the middle of the fifth season.
We still can't believe it!!!
Related: Rumored Cast Members For Season 24 Of Dancing With The Stars!
Following the emotional goodbye to one of CMT's favorite characters (OK, FAVORITE character) — the 49-year-old took to Instagram to pen a gracious farewell to the beloved series: 




Thank you Rayna Jaymes. For your magic and your dignity. And thank you to all the creators of Rayna Jaymes, for there were many. Callie Khouri, who gave her life. Deacon, Maddie, Daphne, who shaped her as her family. Teddy, Tandy, Lamar too. Juliette, Scarlett, Bucky and the ones who crafted her into a business woman. Along with countless other compatriots and combatants. And then of course the crew of "Nashville" who brought her to life, every crew member in every department who made Rayna live each week. And then there’s the music. T Bone, Buddy, Tim, Frankie and all the brilliant songwriters who gave Rayna a voice. There was no music, and no Rayna, without you. But finally and most importantly, the fans. You made Rayna. You supported her and loved her and gave her inspiration just as she was able to inspire you. You were the energy source, the power behind her heart and soul and life. Rayna lived for you. And, from the depths of my heart, I thank you, for her and for me. It has been an honor to be a part of that creation. And as I know she would want it, the show must, and will go on. Long live Rayna Jaymes. #RIPRayna #NashvilleCMTA post shared by connie britton (@conniebritton) on Feb 23, 2017 at 7:04pm PST






Love this man. Love y'all.A post shared by connie britton (@conniebritton) on Feb 24, 2017 at 9:05am PST






High heels. #julietteA post shared by connie britton (@conniebritton) on Feb 24, 2017 at 1:34pm PST


We're not crying, YOU'RE crying!
While we respect Miz Britton's desire to "move on" professionally, we can't help but wonder where the show will go from here!
What did U think of last night's episode?? SOUND OFF in the comments!!!
/n