'Kill Me, Kill Me!' London Mosque Terror Suspect Pinned Down After Horrific Attack/n
The 48-year-old driver responsible for attacking a group of Ramadan worshippers Monday morning in London was pinned to the ground by survivors, RadarOnline.com has learned.
Shocking new footage reveals the suspect — who remains unnamed at this time — screaming “kill me, kill me!” as bystanders held him down, waiting for the police.
Mohammed Mahmoud was among those on top of the attacker, sharing that when one member of the public kicked the suspect in the head, he was forced to yell: “Don’t hit him — you do not touch him — hand him in to the police.”
PHOTOS: Terrorist Or Sadist? Why Evil Germanwings Co-Pilot Intentionally Crashed Flight — 10 Secrets From The Investigation
As reported, the Finsbury Park Terror suspect crashed his white van into a crowd of worshippers, killing one and injuring at least 10 more. Meanwhile, he only suffered a black eye and minor cuts on his face and hands.
“I’m going to kill all Muslims — I did my bit,” he reportedly shouted as he exited his vehicle.
After his arrest, the terror suspect continued to mock the crowd of witnesses — smiling, waving and even blowing kisses at them.
PHOTOS: ISIS Strikes Again! More Horror For France As Terrorists Strike Church, Slaughter Priest
Later, Mahmoud urged the public to forgive the attacker as he spoke outside Finsbury Park Mosque: “An attack on one faith is an attack on all faiths and communities. Those who try to divide us with their hatred will not succeed.”
Watch This Video On RadarOnline

Prime Minister Theresa May came forward as well, sharing that the horrific event is “every bit as insidious and destructive to our values and our way of life” as the recent string of terror attacks that appear to be motivated by Islamist extremism.
“We will stop at nothing to defeat it,” she added.
This is the fourth terrorist attack in Britain since March.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n