 'Melrose Place' Killer Amy Locane Fights DUI Victim's Family — You'll Ruin My Career!.../n
‘Melrose Place’ star Amy Locane is battling it out with the family of the woman she killed during her 2010 deadly drunken-driving crash, RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned.
According to court papers obtained by Radar, the actress is pleading with the judge in the civil suit to seal her deposition transcript, claiming that if it became public it would ruin her career! But the victim’s family is fighting back and demanding that the deposition be made public.
Locane was driving with three times the legal limit of alcohol in her system when she crashed her car and killed Helene Seeman in the accident.
However, the family of the woman killed by Locane filed a civil lawsuit against the actress shortly after the deadly accident demanding damages for the death of their mother and wife.
READ THE SHOCKING COURT DOCUMENTS HERE
The two parties have been battling it out in court for years with the case being stayed at one point due to Locane appealing her original three-year sentence.
She was facing five to 10 years behind bars, but in 2013, the judge only sentenced her to three years in prison, noting that his decision was based on the fact that the actress is a mother to two children, one with a medical disability and one with a mental disability.
Locane served only two and a half years in prison and was released on parole in 2015.
The state appealed the judge’s sentencing in the case, claiming it was too lenient and the appeals court ruled earlier this year that the judge had to explain in detail the justification for downgrading her sentence to only three years.
Hollywood’s Top 10 Most Scandalous True Crime Cases
Earlier this month, the New Jersey judge admitted he erred when he originally sentenced the actress to three years in prison for her role in the 2010 deadly drunken-driving crash. He said she will likely be sentenced to an additional six months, but his final decision will come down at the resentencing hearing in December.
In the past, the actress has blamed the husband of the dead woman for causing the accident. She said in legal documents that she offered $1.5 million to settle the lawsuit, but the family shut down the offer to seek more in damages.
According to documents obtained exclusively by Radar, the judge in the civil lawsuit lifted the stay of discovery in the case, which allows both parties to continue exchanging key documents, depositions and information before trial.
On September 23, Locane and the family filed documents in the case explaining that they are battling it out over the actress’ deposition transcript.
The actress is demanding her deposition transcript be sealed and hidden from the public, whereas the family wants it publicly available for everyone to see.
PHOTOS: SAY CHEESE! THE BEST, WORST & MOST HILARIOUS CELEBRITY MUG SHOTS
Locane explained in a filing obtained by Radar, “The deposition transcript would contain sensitive information pertaining to Ms. Locane’s alleged intoxication, alleged criminal actions, the details of a fatal motor vehicle accident, as well as criminal proceedings and sentencing to include the health conditions of Ms. Locane’s minor children as a factor in her criminal sentencing.”
She is pleading with the judge to not allow the plaintiffs to file the transcript without it being sealed.
The family blasted Locane for her attempt to seal the transcript explaining there is NO compelling reason to keep it sealed.
“Finally, if the husband and sons of the deceased victim of Defendant Locane’s actions can be deposed without having their transcripts sealed and can testify to seeing the grisly and tragic death of a wife and mother; then Defendant Locane herself can scarcely claim any greater right to sealing by dint of ‘annoyance, embarrassment, oppression, or undue burden or expense,'” the family argues.
The judge has yet to make a ruling on the matter.
Stay with Radar for updates to the story.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n