Pregnant Serena Williams Strips Down for ‘Vanity Fair’ Cover/n





                    Serena Williams Addresses Retirement Rumors
                







What will she do after the pregnancy? 

 MORE >>










                    Pregnant Serena Williams Writes a Touching Message to Her Baby
                







Holding in the tears.

 MORE >>





Like many expectant moms, Serena Williams is celebrating her pregnancy by baring her baby bump for all to see.

The tennis champ graces the cover of the latest issue of Vanity Fair in (almost) her birthday suit, posing topless wearing just a pair of nude briefs and silver body chain. In the accompanying article, the 35-year-old — who is currently expecting her first child with Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian — opens up about her journey to motherhood.
According to Serena, she found out she was pregnant in January 2017 — just a week before the start of the Australian Open.
“Oh my God, this can’t be—I’ve got to play a tournament,” she remembers thinking. “How am I going to play the Australian Open? I had planned on winning Wimbledon this year.”





CREDIT: Annie Leibovitz/Vanity Fair


“If you would have told me last year in October or November that I would have a baby, not be pregnant but have a baby, I would have thought you were the biggest liar in the world,” Serena says. “This is kind of how I am right now. This is happening sooner than later, and it’s going by so fast.”
As reported, the athlete announced her pregnancy this April when she accidentally shared a photo of her budding bump on Snapchat. She later confirmed the baby news by writing a letter to her unborn child, reading, “My Dearest Baby, You gave me the strength I didn’t know I had … You taught me the true meaning of serenity and peace. I can’t wait to meet you.”
“I felt like a door had been opened to a person who made me want to be my best self,” Alexis, who got engaged to Serena last December after a year of dating, gushes to Vanity Fair of his future wife. “I find myself just wanting to be better by simply being around her because of the standard she holds.”


more Celebrity Nude Pregnancy Covers








































8 Photos »


/n