Pregnant Hannah Jeter Steps Out in Denim Mini Dress After Spending Mother’s Day at Yankee Stadium in N.Y.C./n
Bump in the road!
Hannah Jeter looked comfortable and trendy while out and about in N.Y.C.’s TriBeCa neighborhood after spending Mother’s Day by her husband Derek‘s side at the city’s Yankee Stadium.
The expectant mom, 27, looked every bit the maternity-wear maven in a mini denim shirt dress paired with crisp white sneakers, a cross-body bag and aviator shades as she walked around with a friend.
Hannah showed off her growing baby bump just a few days prior, as Derek’s lengthy career with the New York Yankees was honored through a jersey-retirement ceremony on Sunday.
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
RELATED VIDEO: Baby Girl on the Way for Derek and Hannah Jeter

 
The parents-to-be have only made a handful of public appearances since announcing Hannah’s pregnancy in February, revealing that their new addition will be a baby girl.
“[Derek and I] both have two nephews right now [whom] we absolutely adore and we spend a lot of time with, so I’m really excited to buy all the girly fun stuff because we’ve been buying boy things for years,” Hannah told PEOPLE Now that month.
FROM PEN: Emily Maynard Johnson Admits She Was Ashamed to Stop Breastfeeding Her Third Son Early

 
“And there’s not that much cute boy clothes, like you really have to look for them,” she added. “I’m not really a girly girl, but I’m gonna get there. I want an Easy-Bake Oven, I want the dollhouse. Barbie car.”
And while the couple may have a name picked out by now, that wasn’t the case three months ago when the Sports Illustrated model admitted she and her husband “have some brainstorming to do.”
“I don’t like anything now, that I’m hearing,” she said. “But that’s probably ’cause I’m just an emotional hot mess lately. So everything, I’m like, ‘Never, I could never name her that!’ So we’ll see.”
/n