New Music/n
A Song for My Father features the sons and daughters of famous artists paying tribute to their parents with covers of their songs. Some of the highlights are Carlos Santana’s son Salvador covering Evil Ways, James Taylor’s son Ben performing Bartender’s Blues and Leonard Cohen’s son Adam’s rendition of Bird on a Wire. The album also features the children of Jim Croce, Bob Marley, Aaron Neville, John Phillips, Arlo Gutherie, Robin Gibb, Gregg Allman and Harry Chapin. “We grew up with our dad’s music,” says Matthew Nelson, who covers his dad Ricky Nelson’s Travelin’ Man with his brother Gunnar Nelson. “He passed away in 1986. We were best friends.”
Paul Weller releases his new album Wake Up the Nation, which features a guest appearance from My Bloody Valentine’s Kevin Shields and has already received accolades in the U.K. “It’s elements of my past and stuff I haven’t done before,” says Weller. “It’s an upfront record, very spontaneous.”
U2 Tour Postponed In The Wake Of Bono Injury
The lads in the The Futureheads are back with a new album, The Chaos….
Clay Aiken releases his fifth studio album, Tried & True, which features covers of classic songs from the 1950s and 1960s including Can’t Take My Eyes Off You, What Kind Of Fool Am I, Unchained Melody and Suspicious Minds.….
Jack Johnson is back with his fifth studio album, To The Sea, which he recorded in his eco-friendly studio in Los Angeles….
Alexis Jordan’s Debut Music Video “Happiness”
Hard rock-metal band The Melvins release The Bride Screamed Murder…..
Tift Merritt’s latest offering is See You on the Moon….
Listen Up! The Official 2010 FIFA World Cup Album features 12 tracks, including the official song, Shakira’s Waka Waka [Time for Africa]….
The Playlist series offers up “the very best of” many artists, including Playlist: The Very Best of Bow Wow and Playlist: The Very Best of the Dixie Chicks. Other artists featured in the series are R. Kelly, Art Garfunkel, Fishbone, Bruce Hornsby, Charlie Daniels Band and more….
“RickRolling Is Back” /n