‘Revenge’ Releases Nolan DVD Extra; FOX’s ‘The Mindy Project’ Casts ‘Step Up Revolution’ Actor/n





                    'Glee Project' S2 Reunion
                







Oxygen names the reunion hosts.

 MORE >>










                    'REVENGE' STARS OUT
                







Stars of the show party at the Chateau Marmont.

 MORE >>










                    'REVENGE' AT TV FESTIVAL
                







The stars attend the Monte Carlo TV Festival.

 MORE >>





 If you’re like us, you’ve been counting down the days until ABC’s Revenge returns all summer. With the release of the first season DVD set due for August 21, a DVD extra entitled “Nolan Ross Exposed” was released in which our favorite Hamptons resident played by Gabriel Mann is interviewed about pretty much everything. [EW]
Who has been cast as a take charge love interest in one of FOX’s new comedies?

Tommy Dewey of Step Up Revolution has just been cast as a love interest for Mindy Kaling’s OB/GYN character on new show, The Mindy Project. Maybe there will be some dancing we can look forward to? While Dewey will play a lawyer who goes after the title character, we’re really hoping he has to bust out some moves while there. [TVLine]


scene at tcas 2012: Fox's All star party 








































12 Photos »


“Top Chef: The Cruise” sets sail aboard the Celebrity Constellation April 11-15, 2013. The cruise which will make stops in Key West, Florida and Cozumel, Mexico, will be a one-of-a-kind culinary vacation and will be hosted by Tom Colicchio and Gail Simmons. Chefs from Top Chef, Top Chef Masters and Top Chef Just Desserts will also be on board. [Bravo]
La La’s Full Court Life will be back for a 3rd season on VH1 in 2013. This season we’ll see La La Anthony take an adventure across the pound watching her husband, Carmelo Anthony take on the world as part of the 2012 U.S. Olympic Men’s Basketball Team. In addition, Lala will promote her “Motives for La La line” in the UK as well as get her little one ready for his first day of school.  [VH1]


SCENE AT TCAs 2012: NBC Universal's summer tour 








































12 Photos »


NBC is claiming Olympic and TV history. The network announced that with 219.4 million viewers, the two-week event in London was the most-watched ever. It beats the Beijing Olympics’ 215 million viewers. OK, have a moment to gloat. [NBC]
FOX News Sunday host Chris Wallace and his wife Lorraine were seen on a second day of boating with George Clooney and girlfriend Stacy Kiebler at Lake Como. Wallace had an interview with Clooney back in March to discuss his recent trip to Sudan and call for action before Congress. Could another big sit down be in the works? [Daily Mail]
Former American Idol contestant and Glee Project/Glee Doppelganger, Jason Castro is releasing a digital and Walmart exclusive EP, Starting Line on August 28th. The EP will feature tracks from his new album Only A Mountain which will be released on January 15, 2013.

  brightcove.createExperiences();

 
/n