Tori Spelling: How To Name Your Baby/n


At the end of the big day, it's up to you how you choose to name your child. But maybe Tori Spelling can help!
In her latest blog, the Craft Wars host and mother of 3 (and soon 4) gives you 90210 options for baby names! OK, not really, but she does talk you through her own baby-naming process.
She says:
"With Liam we were at the doctor and I was about 4 months pregnant. The doctor asked if we wanted to know the sex of the baby and we both said YES! He told us it was a baby boy, and at that point we hadn't even discussed names at all. On the way home Dean said, "You know what name I've always loved? Liam.” And I went, "Oh my God… I love it. That’s it!" It felt perfect to both of us. So we named him Liam, and Aaron as his middle name for my dad who had just passed. 
For Stella it was a little more complicated. We found out we were having a girl and both felt completely stumped. We scoured a book of 5,000 baby names and still nothing seemed right. I grew up loving the novel Great Expectations; I had always said I wanted to name my daughter Estella, who was the main female character. So we sat with Estella for a few days but it just felt off. And, then it hit me… Stella! Stella Doreen; Doreen after Dean's mom who had passed. 
For Hattie we decided to not find out the baby's sex since we already were blessed with one of each. That’s a whole other story that I'll save for my next memoir, but we were convinced that the baby would be a boy! There was a boy name we both have loved for years and decided on that. We didn't even think of girl names. Well, you know how that turned out! We had a beautiful, no-name baby girl. In recovery afterwards, with her in my arms, I asked Dean to start Googling old-fashioned girl names. He started at ‘A’ and read through the alphabet, both of us shaking our heads the whole time. When he read the name Hattie aloud and we both looked at each other and said, "That's it!" I looked down at her and she was such a Hattie. So we named her Hattie Margaret. Margaret, after my nanny who was like a second mother to me and had passed. 
Now here I am pregnant with baby #4! Once again we did not find out the sex. And truth be told, once again we think it's a boy. You now know how well that worked out last time! So, we still have our boy name and once again, no girl name. We shall see very shortly. Stay tuned!" 
Wow! And here we thought Tori just picked easy names so she'd be sure to get the Spelling right! LOLz!
For more great parenting stories and tips, check out ediTORIal!
[Image via Tori Spelling.]
/n