their favorite moments. We've. Died. And. Gone. To. Canadian. Teen. Drama. Heaven. (Pass the ketchup fries, eh?)  Also participating in the special? Miriam McDonald (Emma Nelson!) Paula Brancati (Jane!), Luke Bilyk (Drew!), Jordan Todos.../n
Ladies and gentle-huns, we hope you're sitting down.Why? Because these photos of some of the original Degrassi: The Next Generation cast members may just make you pass out from over-nostalgiaustion. (Nostalgia + exhaustion, duh!)Lauren Collins (aka Paige Michalchuk, the former Queen Bee of Degrassi Community School, forever Queen Bee of our hearts), posted a photo on Instagram on Monday, with the caption, "These guys! (Racing to post this before @shaneykipps does...)." Yes, @shaneykipps is Shane Kippel, who played Gavin "Spinner" Mason, aka Paige's former BF. Also in the pic? CRAIG MANNING. Yes, we know his real name is Jake Epstein and yes, ALL CAPS ARE NECESSARY, THANK YOU VERY MUCH. 

Also present for the mini-reunion? Adamo Ruggiero, who played the show's first openly gay character Marco. "Look who I stumbled across...randomly...at the schedule Degrassi promo shoot that we're all a part of," Kippel captioned another photo. Ruggiero also posted a photo, saying it was "catching up" with his "old high school pal." The cast is reuniting for an epic retrospective that will air on Friday, July 31, called It Goes There: Degrassi's Most Talked About Moments, which will feature cast members and the creators sharing their favorite moments. We've. Died. And. Gone. To. Canadian. Teen. Drama. Heaven. (Pass the ketchup fries, eh?) Also participating in the special? Miriam McDonald (Emma Nelson!) Paula Brancati (Jane!), Luke Bilyk (Drew!), Jordan Todosey (RIP, Adam!), Raymond Ablack (Sav!), Annie Clark (Fiona!), Charlotte Arnold (Holly J!) and Alicia Josipovic (Bianca!). Oh, and not to play favorites but our all-time favorite Stacey Farber, who played Ellie freakin' Nash, was also present. Our DVRs just set itself.

After 14 seasons of non-stop drama and doing "whatever it takes" to push the boundaries of teen drama, TeenNick almost caused a war between Canada and the United States when it announced it would no longer be airing Degrassi. Fortunately, a major crisis was averted when Netflix announced it would be swooping in and saving the show, airing 20 new episodes of Degrassi: Next Class set to start in 2016. "We are energized and excited to work with Family Channel as we tell stories for the new post-millennial teen cohort known as Generation Z, most of whom weren't even born when Degrassi returned in 2001."Linda Schuyler, Degrassi co-creator and executive producer, said in a statement.Yes, Degrassi: The Next Generation was actually a spinoff, people, as it actually began airing, as just plain ol' Degrassi in 1979. How old do you feel right now, huns? Check out pics from the filming of the special below and try to contain your emotions.(Originally published on June 29, 2015 at 7:30 p.m.)
/n