 ‘Affluenza’ Outrage As Robert F. Kennedy’s Nephew Is Allowed To Relocate His GPS.../n
Is it another case of affluenza?
Kennedy cousin, Michael Skakel, who was recently released from prison last year after serving 11 years on a 20-year sentence for allegedly killing neighbor Martha Moxley in 1975, received permission to relocate a GPS device from his ankle because it didn’t fit his ski boot.
RadarOnline.com spoke exclusively to Martha’s mother, Dorthy Moxley, who told us, there is nothing she can do about it.
During the telephone interview with Martha’s mother, she told Radar, “Oh my….I hadn’t heard about that. There is nothing I can do about it. I find it better to accept and respect. I think it’ s just as well to be silent, than to make a big fuss.”
GALLERY: 19 Of America’s Fakest Families
The 53-year-old nephew of Senator Robert F. Kennedy‘s widow Ethel Kennedy has long claimed innocence in the death of his neighbor.
Skakel was released from state prison last November after a judge ruled he didn’t receive a fair trial. The judge set bail $1.2 million and ordered Skakel to wear a GPS tracking device as he awaited a decision on whether or not he will face a new trial.
Both Skakel and Martha were 15-years-old at the time of the murder.
PHOTOS: The Luxurious Rehab Center ‘Affluenza’ Teen Ethan Couch Will Be Treated At — Take A Peek Inside!
Affluenza was used as a defense in the case of 16-year old Texas teen Ethan Couch, convicted of killing four people in a drunk driving accident, he was sentenced to 10 years of probation.
Psychologist G. Dick Miller, testifying for the defense, said that Couch suffered from affluenza — a condition that impaired his ability to connect actions to consequences, due to his hyper-privileged upbringing, prevented him from connecting bad behavior with it’s consequences. Couch was also ordered to go to a lock-down-residential treatment facility.
In Skakel’s case, the request to relocate his GPS device was because he was unable to accompany his son up a mountain at a ski competition because he couldn’t find a boot to fit with the bracelet.
PHOTOS: Celebs Involved In Murder
Lawyers for Skakel revealed in court papers he was forced to hike up the mountain by himself, and suffered an asthma attack.
“Thankfully, the defendant had his inhaler, otherwise very serious consequences could have resulted while he was alone on a mountain,” his attorney said in court docs.
After reaching the top of the mountain, Skakel, was alerted by the GPS company that there was a low charge on the bracelet, forcing him back down the mountain to get it charged.
PHOTOS: The Luxurious Rehab Center ‘Affluenza’ Teen Ethan Couch Will Be Treated At — Take A Peek Inside!
“As a result, the defendant spent the vast majority of his time away from his son, rather than supporting and coaching him, even after having charged the device for the entire previous night and for one hour prior to scaling the mountain,” the docs stated.
Probation officials allowed Skakel to move the GPS to his wrist. Skakel wants to “be able to provide his son with the proper parental support and coaching during these competitions without inducing another asthma attack or a more serious condition,” at an upcoming competition.
The appeals process could take up to two years to determine if Skakel will be allowed to have a new trial, and Martha’s mother vows to be there, if there will be another one.
PHOTOS: Accident Or Murder? 20 Celebrity Deaths That Left Us Puzzled
“I’m hoping there won’t be another trial because he was found guilty by a jury of his peers. The suggestions that they have come up with, are they worthy of being called evidence? If there is one, I will be there, even in wheelchair. I will absolutely be there,” Dorthy said, choking back tears.
When asked what she wanted people to remember about Martha, she said, “She was a very loving daughter, and absolutely wonderful. I also want people to know that Martha’s brother, my precious son, John, has been the rock in my life. I don’t know where I would be without him. I love him so much.” /n