 No More Chances: Kourtney Kardashian ‘Over’ Scott Disick's Drinking ‘Lies’ —.../n
Kourtney Kardashian is on the verge of walking away from Scott Disick once and for all, RadarOnline.com has learned, after the three-time baby-daddy was caught in a string of lies about his drinking.
“Kourtney does not believe his lies right now,” a family insider tells Radar exclusively.
After reports surfaced last week that Disick was “getting trashed” at an Aspen hotel while on a recent nationwide promotional tour, Disick didn’t show any signs of slowing this weekend.
On Saturday, while hosting a party at Las Vegas’s 1 OAK, he told reporters he had no plans to wed Kardashian. “If it’s not broke don’t fix it – we’re happy the way it is,” he said.
PHOTOS: Toxic Love: 25 Incidents That Rocked Kourtney Kardashian & Scott Disick’s Relationship
And although Disick made a point to show that he was drinking water at the event, the father to Mason, 5, Penelope, 2 and newborn son Reign, has been caught in too many lies lately, said the source, and Kourtney is over it.
“Prior to him going club-hopping across America, everything was amazing between the two of them and they were the best they’ve been for a while,” an insider reveals. “But Scott is not good at covering his tracks and he is an awful liar.”
“Kourtney has given him enough chances and if he goes into a bender right now, this will be the end and she will leave him.”
PHOTOS: Kourtney & Scott’s Worst Fight Ever! ‘Neglected’ Disick Accuses Kardashian Of Emotional Abandonment
As Radar previously reported, Disick was recently seeking the help of an addiction specialist to battle his demons and had told Kardashian that he was done drinking for good, following a series of relapses and a hospitalization for alcohol poisoning this past summer.
But as new rumors surface, “Kourtney is not going to turn her head to this, as she’s done so many time before,” the source says.
Perhaps as a sign of her new resolve, Kardashian, 35, took to her Instagram this morning to share a very revealing message seemingly aimed at Disick, 31.
“Let no man pull you low enough to hate him,” the Instagram, a quote from Martin Luther King Jr., read. And although it was a fitting tribute to the civil rights leader on his national holiday, insiders said it spoke volumes about her relationship.



#MLK
Une photo publiée par Kourtney Kardashian (@kourtneykardash) le Janv. 19, 2015 at 9:07 PST



Do you think that Kourtney Kardashian will forgive Scott Disick once again? Let us know in the comments. /n