series everyone's been talking about all summer just concluded its first season, and finally put an end to the mystery of who killed Andrea (Sofia Black D'Elia)...probably. Fortunately for those of us who had become invested in Naz.../n
Caution: This article contains spoilers for the finale of The Night Of. Proceed at your own risk. That wasn't quite the ending we expected, but we ain't mad about it.The HBO mystery series everyone's been talking about all summer just concluded its first season, and finally put an end to the mystery of who killed Andrea (Sofia Black D'Elia)...probably.Fortunately for those of us who had become invested in Naz's (Riz Ahmed) innocence, it truly appears that he is innocent. At essentially the last possible minute, Box (Bill Camp) uncovered some seriously damning evidence against Andrea's financial advisor, Ray. Just before she got into Naz's cab, Andrea and Ray—who apparently had some romantic history—got into a heated argument. Box also discovered that Ray had recently taken a huge chunk of change out of Andrea's account. While this in and of itself wasn't quite enough to convict Ray, especially when, as Weiss (Jeannie Berlin) said, "we've got more on the kid," it was enough to put doubt in even Weiss' mind. 

Chandra (Amara Karan), meanwhile, had a real bad night. Her decision to put Naz on the stand ended with him responding, "I don't know," to Weiss asking if he had killed Andrea, and everyone was just sure the case was done. Then, Stone (John Turturro) got a hold of the footage of Chandra kissing Naz, and she was demoted to second chair while he had to deliver the closing argument. And what a closing argument it was!That speech, which outlined the crimes Naz definitely was guilty of, as opposed to the crime everyone just felt like he must be guilty of, completely split the jury, six to six. The jury basically quit, and Weiss decided not to restart the trial, so Naz went free. The problem is that he's not actually free, since he's now a drug addict and a prison murderer. And now Chandra's out of a job (because of a whole host of idiotic decisions), and Stone's still sadly dealing with his eczema and taking whatever cases come his way. In some brighter news, it seems like Weiss coaxed Box right back out of retirement in order to go after Ray, and Andrea's cat is now happily living with Stone, whether he's allergic or not. So what do you think? Time for season two? Head to the comments to talk about it! 
/n