'The Greatest American Hero': 'Memba Him?!/nWilliam Katt is best known for playing the teacher turned superhero Ralph Hinkley in the '80s TV show  "The Greatest American Hero. " Guess what he looks like now!   Kate Plus Bikini  A bikini-clad Kate Gosselin took time out from fake baking filming her latest reality show to tan her maternal bones in the natural Australian sun on Wednesday.Hopefully the mother of 8 used protection.   The Michael Jackson Prelim Fashion Report The Jackson clan turned day 2 of the Conrad Murray /Michael Jackson manslaughter prelim into a couture runway show.From Janet in Jermaine drag to Katherine's purple Barney suit, check out all of the killer fashions.   Justin Bieber & Selena Gomez Kiss Off the New Year  Selena Gomez, 18, enjoyed some underage tender smooches -- and booty grabs -- with her topless 16-year-old boyfriend Justin Bieber while on a yacht in the Caribbean this weekend.Nothing like some PDAs to up your teen super-couple status.   People's Choice Winners & Red Carpet Fashion! The 2011 People's Choice Awards went down last night in L.A. -- and, surprise surprise,  "Twilight " really dominated!Check out the gallery above for shots from the show and all the most fashionable stars on the red carpet!   Big Ben's Fiancée -- A Real Baller  Ben Roethlisberger has got himself quite a catch -- 'cause the woman who has reportedly agreed to marry the Steelers QB enjoys ball handling and roasting marshmallows.The lucky lady, Ashley Harlan, is a 2009 graduate from St. Francis University in Pennsylvania -- TMZ obtained these pics of Ashley hangin' with college friends. She earned a bachelor's degree and a master's in physician assistant science.Ashley was also a high school studette in volleyball, softball, and basketball.Her hometown paper -- the New Castle News -- is confirming the engagement ... but Big Ben has been mum on the subject. Not like he's got anything else going on ... (cough cough) playoffs.   Eva, Nicole, Uma & More: Makeup Disasters! Eva Longoria had people checking out her face for all the wrong reasons last night in L.A. -- but she's not the first one to leave the house without a flawless face.Nicole Kidman, Uma Thurman, Jennifer Lopez and more -- check out when bad makeup happens to good people!   Natalie Portman -- Flying for Two   "Black Swan " star Natalie Portman arrived to LAX on Tuesday holding her pup and sporting what could be the first signs of a baby bump ... or just the bulk generated from her shirt and sweater.The pregnant 29-year-old appears to be handling the extra baggage well./n