Rob Kardashian Says He ‘Will Never Say No’ to Daughter Dream/n





                    Rob Kardashian Pleads to See Baby Dream After Blac Chyna Leaves Him
                







:'(

 MORE >>





Rob Kardashian loves spoiling his baby girl.

The Rob & Chyna star made that known to his followers when he shared photos of his daughter Dream on Instagram Monday night (March 6, 2017). Gushing about the 3-month-old, the new dad admitted that he can’t say no to his only child.



A post shared by ROBERT KARDASHIAN (@robkardashian) on Mar 6, 2017 at 6:46pm PST



“Drool on my baby lol, Look how long her eye lashes are,” he wrote. “I will never say no this Woman lol.”
“That’s right baby,” the 29-year-old continued in separate posts. “Smile on pretty mama.”
It also seems Rob’s family can’t get enough of Dream either. Kim Kardashian also shared a sweet snap of her holding the newborn, captioning the shot, “Hey beautiful girl.”



A post shared by Kim Kardashian West (@kimkardashian) on Mar 7, 2017 at 8:24am PST



Reign Disick, the youngest son of Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick, was also recently spotted hanging out with Dream, who has been living with mom Blac Chyna since the reality star ended her engagement with Rob.
“Dream’s big cousin Reign is the sweetest,” Rob captioned a video of the tiny tot playing with Dream. “Children are the greatest!”



A post shared by ROBERT KARDASHIAN (@robkardashian) on Mar 6, 2017 at 7:51pm PST



According to recent reports, Rob’s loved ones have been “very concerned” about leaving him alone with his daughter following his split with Chyna. A source revealed to People that Rob “is not in a state to care for her by himself” due to his declining health.
“He isn’t taking care of himself. He eats junk and doesn’t exercise,” the insider said, adding the sock designer has become “very unhealthy — both physically and emotionally” ever since Chyna moved out late last year following an explosive fight.
“Rob’s family hasn’t been able to get through to him and get him to change,” continued the source. “Without Chyna in his life, things are not going well for Rob.”
Matriarch Kris Jenner was also recently seen looking after Rob and Dream in a Snapchat post.



A post shared by Rob & Angela Kardashian (@robandchyk) on Feb 27, 2017 at 2:03pm PST



/n