Fans BASH Jill Duggar & Derick Dillard For ‘Begging’ For MORE Money/nJill shared this post on Instagram with the caption “BIG NEWS about our next step in ministry! *Visit the link in my bio!*,” directing fans to Derick’s fundraising page.“BIG NEWS!” Derick wrote on the page’s “About” section. “For the next year, I will be serving through a program at my home church, called the Cross Church School of Ministry! I am so excited about this incredible opportunity for further ministry development, and I would like to invite you to share in this excitement with me.”He continued, “I started a fundraiser on Pure Charity to raise the funding I need for various missions opportunities I will have throughout the year. I have a donations goal of $6,500. This will enable me to fulfill my specific calling to ministry this year, including trips for Gospel-advancement and humanitarian work in Northwest Arkansas, North America, and abroad. The Cross Church School of Ministry is a one-year, ministry, residency experience that I believe will be a key asset in not only my vocational ministry, but also in my personal development.”Fans were quick to bash the reality star for once again asking for donations to fund his missionary work, as Derick and Jill have faced a ton of backlash in the past for asking fans to donate money to help finance their previous mission trips.“Oh my gosh, here we go again with asking people for money,” one fan commented on Jill’s Instagram post. “I thought it is Derick's responsibility to provide for their family. Neither one has employment and it's getting ridiculous.”“Aren't there other ways to fundraise money” another asked. “My mother does raffles and events. My kids at school do bake sales and raffles. Instead of asking for money find ways to make it. We all work hard for our money and you should too.”While one follower simply wrote: “Derick doing everything to avoid getting a real job.”Other fans called out the Dillards for not using their money from their TLC show, Counting On.“I get that Derick wants to do this but I don't understand why you need money from others to fund this when you have an estimated net worth of $400,000,” one wrote. “I mean good for you guys but why prey on the ones who don't have as much?”“Use your money from the show,” commented another. “rumor is you didn't use money you have had donated to you before for your missionary work like you had said you would.”And one fan even called out Derick and Jill’s lack of employment. “Get a job and stop begging other people for money,” they wrote. “If you want to do mission work so bad pay for it yourselves. We all know you make bank off your show so why mooch off of other people? Greedy people never change.”Do you think Jill and Derick should be asking fans for to help with their fundraising? Sound off in the comments! Jill shared this post on Instagram with the caption “BIG NEWS about our next step in ministry! *Visit the link in my bio!*,” directing fans to Derick’s fundraising page.“BIG NEWS!” Derick wrote on the page’s “About” section. “For the next year, I will be serving through a program at my home church, called the Cross Church School of Ministry! I am so excited about this incredible opportunity for further ministry development, and I would like to invite you to share in this excitement with me.”He continued, “I started a fundraiser on Pure Charity to raise the funding I need for various missions opportunities I will have throughout the year. I have a donations goal of $6,500. This will enable me to fulfill my specific calling to ministry this year, including trips for Gospel-advancement and humanitarian work in Northwest Arkansas, North America, and abroad. The Cross Church School of Ministry is a one-year, ministry, residency experience that I believe will be a key asset in not only my vocational ministry, but also in my personal development.”Fans were quick to bash the reality star for once again asking for donations to fund his missionary work, as Derick and Jill have faced a ton of backlash in the past for asking fans to donate money to help finance their previous mission trips.“Oh my gosh, here we go again with asking people for money,” one fan commented on Jill’s Instagram post. “I thought it is Derick's responsibility to provide for their family. Neither one has employment and it's getting ridiculous.”“Aren't there other ways to fundraise money” another asked. “My mother does raffles and events. My kids at school do bake sales and raffles. Instead of asking for money find ways to make it. We all work hard for our money and you should too.”While one follower simply wrote: “Derick doing everything to avoid getting a real job.”Other fans called out the Dillards for not using their money from their TLC show, Counting On.“I get that Derick wants to do this but I don't understand why you need money from others to fund this when you have an estimated net worth of $400,000,” one wrote. “I mean good for you guys but why prey on the ones who don't have as much?”“Use your money from the show,” commented another. “rumor is you didn't use money you have had donated to you before for your missionary work like you had said you would.”And one fan even called out Derick and Jill’s lack of employment. “Get a job and stop begging other people for money,” they wrote. “If you want to do mission work so bad pay for it yourselves. We all know you make bank off your show so why mooch off of other people? Greedy people never change.”Do you think Jill and Derick should be asking fans for to help with their fundraising? Sound off in the comments! /n