6 Things We Want to See Happen During Season 7 of ‘Pretty Little Liars’/n





                    'Pretty Little Liars' Star Torrey DeVitto Gets Naked for PETA
                







Torrey DeVitto is taking her clothes off to protest animal cruelty

 MORE >>





We’re in the final stretch.

The explosive Pretty Little Liars season 6B finale may have only happened a few weeks ago, but season 7 is just around the corner. Set for a summer premiere, fans only have a few weeks to prepare before, as showrunner Marlene I. King says, PLL “as we know it,” comes to an end. Season 6 may have answered a lot of fans burning questions, but there are still some crucial things that need to happen before the show (possibly) ends for good.
1. Hanna makes it out alive. 
Obviously, everyone wants all of the Liars to make it out alive, but the last time we saw Hanna her lifeless body was being dragged away. But she’s definitely going to make it, right?
2. Allison changes her last name and forgets about the whole DiLaurentis clan.
Allison’s family is the worst. THE WORST. Her father banished their adopted transgendered daughter. Her mother BURIED HER ALIVE. Her adopted sister (who turns out to have actually been her cousin) plotted to kill her. Her brother and his friends took weird inappropriate videos of her through her window. And now her long lost aunt helped fabricate the relationship with the man she eventually married, to ruin her life. Honestly, no one would blame her if she just forgot about them all, moved to Costa Rica and started a new life.
3. Emily finally dates someone who’s worth her while.
Emily has had the worst luck in love. Her first love was killed by a psycho stalker who then tried to kill her. Paige was okay if you forget about the fact that SHE TRIED TO DROWN EMILY. It’s time for Emily to have a normal relationship (well as normal as you can get with a psycho murdered cyber stalking your).
4. Ezra and Aria get back together.
Let’s take a moment to appreciate the insanely hot sex scene between Ezra and Aria during the finale. Go on, take a minute. Recovered? Ok. So yeah, there’s really no debate here. We’ve gotten passed the weird teacher/student relationship and Ian (I think that’s her boyfriend’s name) is cute but ultimately forgettable. Give the fans what they want: an Ezra and Aria wedding episode. Please, and thank you in advance.
5. Caleb and Hanna get back together…Maybe.
I don’t know about you, but I’m torn on this one. When season 6 returned and Hanna was engaged to someone else, I was genuinely heartbroken and wanted nothing more than my favorite PLL couple  to get back together. So when Caleb and Spencer started hooking up, and then officially became boyfriend and girlfriend, I was appalled. In the words of Gretchen Weiners, “Ex-boyfriends are just off limits to friends. I mean, that’s just like, the rules of feminism.”
But no matter how many times I yelled at my TV, it happened, they’re dating, Spencer loves him AND CALEB CHEATED ON HER WITH HANNA.
WTF.
So where do we go from here? Yes, everyone wants Haleb back together, but what will that mean for Hanna and Spencer? I honestly don’t know where King is going with this one. I know it’s not realistic to have four high school friends remain BFFs forever, but is a boy going to be the demise of a group of friends that have literally killed for each other?
6. The Liars finally shut this A shit down!
Ok, so the new big bad’s name isn’t technically A (it’s A.D. if you want to get specific) but, same concept. Yes, I totally understand that this anonymous terror is what keeps the show moving and no matter how frustrated we get, keeps fans coming back for more, but it’s got to end. If nothing else, the Liars deserve to have some kind of normal life, despite the terrible PTSD, they’re bound to live with.


2015 in Television: Celebuzz's 20 Favorite TV Characters








































20 Photos »


/n