Brooke Mueller Goes To Court In Bid To Win Custody Of Charlie Sheen’s Twin Sons/n
UPDATE: The judge made NO custody change and the twins will remain with Sheen’s second ex-wife Denise Richards, for now at least.
—
Brooke Mueller has gone to child dependency court in Los Angeles in an effort to get custody of her twin sons with Charlie Sheen, Max & Bob, after their temporary guardian, Denise Richards told child protective services she could no longer care for the boys, RadarOnline.com is exclusively reporting.
“Brooke and her lawyers are in court trying to convince the judge to give her custody back of Bob & Max. She is offering to be monitored 24/7, but she wants them back under her roof, now,” a source told Radar about her last minute court ploy on Wednesday afternoon.
“Her lawyers are going to argue that Bob and Max are being thrust into the media spotlight because of the ongoing custody dispute with Charlie making outrageous comments about her as an individual, and as a mother,” the source revealed.
In a letter to child protective services, and obtained exclusively by RadarOnline.com, Richards revealed the boys had “extreme violent mood swings,” and the twins recently threw feces in her adopted daughter, Eloise’s bedroom.
PHOTOS: The Littlest Victim: Charlie Sheen & Brooke Mueller’s Son Bob Shown
According to Richards, her “daughters have been strangled, kicked in the head and stomach, scratched, bit, slapped, punched in the face and head, and spit on” by the boys, as have the family dogs. One night, she claims, they even broke into their baby sister ‘s room and relieved themselves in her tub, flinging their feces all over her bathroom. Richards has battled to have the boys evaluated for such unimaginable acts, but says that she has been stymied at every turn by Mueller.
“With no authority to make decisions on their behalf, I feel my hands are tied in providing them the proper help, support, and care that I feel as a parent that they need,” she writes.
So, for the sake of her daughters and herself, she’s letting them go.
Mueller recently filed court docs alleging Denise was trying to turn the boys against her.
The Palm Beach socialite was recently released from rehab and reveals she has been sober for seven months.
EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: Brooke Mueller Crack Binge — And $1500 Meth Drug Deal — Caught On Video
If the judge isn’t inclined to give the boys back to Mueller, she is offering the alternative that they be placed with her mother, Moire Fiore. /n