Ann Curry's Today Finale: Celebs React to Farewell Episode After Ann Curry announced her exit as a regular cohost on NBC's Today after 15 years with the morning show, a number of celebrities took to Twitter to wish the veteran jour.../n
After Ann Curry announced her exit as a regular cohost on NBC's Today after 15 years with the morning show, a number of celebrities took to Twitter to wish the veteran journo well in her new role as an anchor-at-large and roving correspondent for NBC News and its many platforms.In a few cases, however, some complained about what they felt was her ouster on the heels of rival Good Morning America's recent ratings victory over Today.Here's a roundup of the most notable tweets:

Lisa Rinna: Wishing @AnnCurry all the Joy and success she deserves! Such a class act and one of my favorites! Thanks Ann for always being so lovely!"Piers Morgan: "Just watched the @AnnCurry farewell on @todayshow- great lady, really feel for her. But don't blame @MLauer - he's one of the good guys."Holly Robinson Peete: "Dear @AnnCurry: Thank U for your integrity and candor and honesty. Every wall is a door. You got this..."Star Jones: "Such class, dignity and professionalism"E! News host Giuliana Rancic: "Sending lots of love to an incredible woman:)"

Carson Daly: "Just played Ann Curry's goodbye speech...So sad!!"Meghan McCain: "Who is having a worse day Republicans, Ann Curry or CNN?"Former CNN anchor T.J. Holmes: "No way Ann Curry's "Today Show" career should have ended this way. She's a class act. Deserved better. Rooting for her in all she does next!"Lisa Lampanelli: "NBC to pay Ann Curry $10 million to leave ‘Today'. I'll pay $20 mil if someone will dismantle ‘The View' completely!"Olympic gold medalist Lindsey Vonn: "Heart breaking watching Ann Curry announce she is leaving the Today show. Can't stop crying. We love you Ann!!!"Blogger and author Ana Marie Cox: "Ann Curry leaving NBC to spend less time with your family."Ann's colleagues who cohost the fourth hour of Today also weighed in:Hoda Kotb: "@AnnCurry i'll miss your daily hugs in the hallway...but i know where you sit ;) ... looking forward to what's next xo."Kathie Lee Gifford: "Wishing @AnnCurry all the joy she deserves. What a classy lady."(E! and Today are part of the NBCUniversal family)
/n