EXCLUSIVE: How the Jackson Kids Are Coping, Godfather Tells All/n
While inquiries into his death rage on as the world waits for the autopsy reports, Michael Jackson‘s three young children are coping with his passing through their hobbies – painting and playing video games- RadarOnline.com has learned exclusively. 
Mark Lester – the godfather to Jackson’s youngest child Prince Michael II (Blanket) – spent some private time with him, Prince Michael, 12 and Paris Katherine, 11, after the memorial service at the Staples Center in Los Angeles. Lester, 50, who had been a friend of Jackson’s for 30 years told RadarOnline.com: “The kids seemed to be coping quite well and they are surrounded by their family right now. They are very polite and quite quiet kids and despite all the publicity surrounding them and their family they are trying to keep things as normal as possible at home.”
The three children are sorting through their grief in their own unique ways. Paris “loves to draw and paint and has been spending a lot of time with those hobbies” while Prince “loves playing video games to try and keep occupied.” As for Blanket, he is “like most seven-year old kids who simply loves to play with his favorite toys and run around a little ‘crazy’ at times.”
“They are getting strength from each other and the other family members that are supporting them while the whole family mourns Michael’s death,” Lester added. “I actually got strength from them after Michael’s death and I think it was very important for Paris to speak at the Memorial service.”
Lester has returned to his home in Cheltenham, England, after jetting stateside to attend the memorial service. He is still trying to come to terms with the loss and is finding comfort from spending time with his own children Lucy, 17, Olivia, 14, Harriet, 15, and Felix, 10, who Jackson was a godfather of.
He and his family were due to attend the July 13 opening concert at London’s O2 Arena on before Jackson’s untimely death.
“It’s been surreal at times because it’s been such a huge story about Michael Jackson and he was my close friend too. I was walking to the shops recently and they were playing his music and I got choked up when I heard him sing. There is always a constant reminder.” /n