All the Fabulousness From the 2014 Pre-Emmy Awards Gifting Suites/n





                    2014 Emmy Winners
                







The full 2014 Emmy Awards winners list.

 MORE >>





 During award show season, one of the perks of being a celebrity is that you are invited to a number of gifting suites and luxury lounges.
Celebuzz got the opportunity to attend some of these suites and lounges so here are some of the highlights.

 

Backstage Creations Giving Suite at the 2014 Emmy AWards








































13 Photos »



Hollywood’s biggest stars stopped by the Backstage Giving Suite at the 2014 Emmy Awards. Host Seth Meyers and presenter Adam Levine were both spotted signing the Container Store Eagle Creek Luggage. The Television Academy Foundation had all of the presenters and performers autograph this luggage so that they can auction it off and raise money for their organization.
Actress Hayden Panettiere was also spotted at the suite, eating some Cold Stone Creamery while browsing other items. Actor and comedian Jay Pharoah was spotted enjoying some Cold Stone ice cream as well!
Along with delicious ice cream, guests were also gifted Bose headphones and Pong cases, Nambe and Lenox home items, designer sunglasses from Ferragamo, Nerium skincare, The Best of TV & Movies trivia game, Waltzing Matilda leather goods plus trips to Richmond Nua Turkey and Bora Bora Hilton and Southern California properties LaValencia and Triada. The stars also enjoyed Tim Hortons’ coffee bar, Sabra Hummus as well as drinks from Bartenura and MYX plus KeVita. The amazing suite was designed by Josh Johnson Home for Softline.
 

hbo luxury lounge








































33 Photos »



The HBO Luxury Lounge featuring PANDORA Jewelry featured some of the hottest celebrities and some of the hottest fashion, gadgets and beauty products.
It was a family affair for Patricia Arquette and daughter Harlow at the HBO Luxury Lounge featuring PANDORA Jewelry. The actress took home a funky pair of Vito Lo shoes by Creative Recreation for newly married brother David, a jacket by Desigual for her son, and let Harlow pick out a turquoise beanie by neff.
Newlywed Scheana Marie revealing that she was a nervous wreck before her wedding. The new Mrs. Shay picked up a Proper Pillow saying how excited she was to relax and finally get a good night’s sleep.
Pablo Schreiber making it clear he is single at the HBO Luxury Lounge featuring PANDORA Jewelry. When stopping by Neutrogena and asked if he wanted to pick up some products for the lady in his life he shook his head no, and said he didn’t have anybody to give a Brahmin handbag to, so opted for a tote.
 

the pre-emmys ecoluxe lounge








































8 Photos »



Who says the Emmys are just for humans? The EcoLuxe Lounge proved us wrong when celebrities and TV’s famous dogs got together for a day of pampering. Orange Is the New Black stars Alysia Reiner and Madeline Brewer both treated themselves to some beauty swag, picking up some  JAndre all natural cosmetic sponges, HAI styling tools, nourishing beauty serum from Youth Eternal by KellyAnn and O.P.I. nail polish before indulging in some sweet treats from VyPassetti Cake Pops.
Meanwhile, Jiff the dog, who starred in Katy Perry’s “Dark Horse” music video, found some nice pet beds from from Baylee Nasco to relax on for a full day of people-watching.
Pet lovers like Boy Meets World actress Maitland Ward and Masters of Sex star Beau Bridges also snatched up some Canine Caviar & Feline Caviar’s Holistic Alkaline-based pet food and calming coats from The Rein Coat for their furry friends. 
 

GBK EMMYS GIFTING LOUNGE








































17 Photos »



Some of TV’s hottest stars came out to celebrate GBK’s Emmys Gifting Lounge presented by Michael Todd True Organics, held at the L’Ermitage Hotel in Beverly Hills.
Everyone from Orange is the New Black’s Dascha Polanco to Emmy-nominee Ellen Burstyn stopped by to grab some swag before heading to the big show.
Dascha snagged a pair of stylish white Foster Grant sunglasses, meanwhile So, You Think You Can Dance star Travis Wall enjoyed a tasty LIQRpop, which is essentially a booze-filled popsicle. Celebs snagged other products, such as Barry’s Gourmet Brownies (yum!), gym memberships to David Barton Gym, LG’s new Tone Infinim, a Maxim mattress, refreshing bottles of 16 Water, and vacations to various destinations, including Palace Resort in Cancun, The Little Nell in Aspen, The Crescent Hotel in Beverly Hills, and The Mulia Resort and Villa in Bali.
Besides the swag, the stars also helped a number of charities at the event to raise money and awareness. Starpower had a wind booth set-up for guests to grab as much cash as possible to donate to a charity of their choice. Celebuzz was able to grab $300 to be split between Mutt Match LA K-9 Rescue Ranch and Sanctuary and Paul Walker’s Reach Out Worldwide. Other charities on-hand included GO Campaign and Cops 4 Causes.


2014 emmy awards red carpet








































89 Photos »


/n