Here’s Happened When Kim and Kourtney Kardashian Ran Into Cher on the Red Carpet/n





                    Kim Kardashian Just Took Out a Full-Page Ad to Drag the Wall Street Journal
                







Kim Kardashian knows how publicly to take someone down.

 MORE >>










                    Kim and Khloé Kardashian Lay Flowers at the Armenian Genocide Memorial
                







Learning about their heritage. 

 MORE >>





Even Kim Kardashian gets starstruck once in a while.

When Cher showed up to the premiere of The Promise in Hollywood Thursday night (Apr. 12, 2017), the reality star and her sister, Kourtney Kardashian, couldn’t wait to get next to the Oscar winner. As soon the music legend stepped foot on the red carpet, the two quickly rushed over to chat with the star. Kim reportedly greeted Cher with a big hug before they posed for photos.
As women of Armenian descent, the three came out to support the film, which centers around a love triangle during the Armenian Genocide.
The movie stars Christian Bale and Oscar Isaac vying for the affections of one woman.





CREDIT: Frederick M. Brown/Getty Images


“We are so proud of this film. We are so excited to be here,” Kim said at the premiere. “We learned so much when we journeyed to Armenia and learned about what happened to our family.”
Kourtney, Kim and Khloé Kardashian traveled Armenia for the first time in April 2015. The trio, whose late father Robert Kardashian was Armenian, learned about their ancestors and met with the country’s prime minister to pay tribute at an Armenian Genocide memorial. Kim has since become vocal about the matter, most famously blasting the Wall Street Journal for publishing a full-page ad denying the existence of the Armenian Holocaust.
“We’re so honored to be here. This message and this story is so important to tell. We just want to really keep the premise alive and keep the whole story alive,” Kim continued. “We grew up knowing this story and hearing so much about it.”
Leonardo DiCaprio, Nina Dobrev, and Sylvester Stallone were also in attendance.


Kim & Kourtney Kardashian Pose with Cher at 'The Promise' Premiere








































7 Photos »


/n