New ‘Real Housewives of O.C.’ Star Shannon Beador Is Selling Her $13.5 Million Panty-Dropping Palace/n
It’s about time one of the Housewives lived up to the lifestyles of the rich and famous.
And Season 9 Orange County newbie Shannon Beador is bringing the bank in spades by the looks of her mega-mansion that’s listed for a whopping $13.5 million, CB! has learned.
Originally asking about $16 million when it hit the market last year, the stay-at-home mom-of-three and her construction company CEO house hubby David, dropped the digits by $2.5 million, so it’s obviously a much better bargain.

In a reality world where bankruptcies and foreclosures have tarnished the flashy lives of these TV ladies, this cast member is living on top in her 7-bedroom, 13-bath Newport Coast crib.

Shannon Beador is one of two new Orange County Housewives, including Lizzie Rovsek, set to make their debut during Season 9 airing April 14. Photo: NBC Universal/Bravo
And with more than 13,000 square feet, there’s plenty of fancy features that can fit into this place.
The Mediterranean estate was custom built and has everything under one roof — an elevator to all 4 floors (yes, 4), indoor basketball court and gym, 2 kitchens, a home theatre, intricate maze-like gardens, a sparkling pool, a 10-car garage above and below ground, and even a view tower.
And decadent details galore from swanky French décor, soaring etched wood beam ceilings, dripping crystal chandeliers, gleaming white marble bathrooms, and a huge separate guest house.
Shannon’s Bravo bio says she lives a “holistic lifestyle, keeping her house a toxic free zone with a hospital grade air filtration system and no wi-fi.” She won’t even let her three daughters, 12-year-old Sophie and 9-year-old twins, Stella and Adeline have cheddar cheese because of the orange dyes.
And she’s not kidding about the over-the-top eco-friendly living because her place is the Mr. Clean of homes with non-toxic water proofing, all electrical was installed in metal sheathing to prevent electromagnetic radiation, while a Hepa filtration system, carbon filters, and reverse osmosis were also built in. There’s also no fiberglass insulation and no formaldehyde. The couple even went so far as to use concrete with no VOC’s when the manse was built in 2012 and Shannon even used organic wallpaper throughout.
Go inside her eco-mansion in the CB! gallery above.


jesse mccartney spent $2 million on this Hollywood hills bachelor pad








































15 Photos »


/n