Goldie Hawn To Reveal Shocking Reason For Broken Marriages In Explosive Tell-All/n
Goldie Hawn is planning to reveal all before she dies and write a sizzling new memoir, RadarOnline.com has learned.
In a bombshell exclusive, sources say the 70-year-old will confide the works — including intimate details of her broken marriages, fling with a French tycoon and 33-year romance with Kurt Russell — as well as battles with booze and her obsession with plastic surgery.
Goldie, who soared to fame as the giggling sex kitten on Laugh-In, saw both of her marriages — first to director Gus Trikonis, then with actor musician Bill Hudson — go kaput!
PHOTOS: Sexy At 70! Goldie Hawn Is Dripping Wet In Hawaii
She says they fell apart because she was a bigger success than they were and their male egos couldn’t take it.
“The basic problem was that the two men I fell in love with and married just could not cope with the pressure of having a wife who was more successful than they were,” reveals Goldie, who had her two famous kids — Oliver Hudson, 40, and Kate Hudson, 37 — with Bill.
Following their 1982 divorce, zany Goldie was immediately swept off her feet by handsome French multimillionaire Victor Drai.
PHOTOS: Kate Hudson & Goldie Hawn Enjoy Mother-Daughter Vacation In Hawaii
In 1983, Goldie fell in love with Kurt, father of her now 30-year-old son, Wyatt, and they’ve been together ever since.
Though the A-list power couple has come close to marrying umpteen times, she vows never to do so.
In fact, she says if she had wed Kurt, she would be “long divorced” by now!
PHOTOS: Dirty Girl! Kate Hudson Rubs Clay On Her Toned Bikini Body
“If you have independence, if you have enough money and enough sense of independence and you like your independence, there is something psychological about not being married because it gives you the freedom to make decisions,” she explains.
Goldie’s pal Sally Field, who also saw her two marriages bite the dust, helped to inspire her never to tie the knot again, says an insider close to the star.
“Goldie told me she has listened closely to Sally’s rantings about her two marriages and she’s decided she’s going to avoid those same pitfalls,” the insider reveals.
PHOTOS: From Bonus Moms To Step-Monsters! Hollywood’s Stepmoms Rated From Best To Worst
Amid reports the lovebirds have had stormy times and even separated for a while, a source reveals that Goldie, who has written a previous autobiography, A Lotus Grows in the Mud, will reveal in her new tell-all whether the real secret of their togetherness is that they have a license to cheat on each other!
Goldie started the whispers in 2005 when she described their relationship as honest and free.
“Nothing is under the carpet with us,” she reveals. “Men spread their seed. That’s what they do… I’ve always said, ‘If I’m in a cage and you leave the door open, I’m going to fly in and fly out, but I’ll always come home.‘”
PHOTOS: Meet The Parents! Hollywood’s Best & Worst Moms And Dads
Besides her love life, past and present, sources reveal Goldie will also ‘fess up to her battle with booze, including a champagne bender in 2012 when she was caught collapsing after going overboard in a London club.
In addition, an insider reveals Goldie won’t hold back when she confides the secrets that have kept her looking so young, and candidly admits to many plastic surgery procedures.
In a Hollywood first, Goldie even made it a family affair when she did a mother and son nip-and-tuck visit to a Beverly Hills clinic in 2007 with Oliver, then 30.
PHOTOS: The Hottest Bikini Moms in Hollywood
After the procedures, which were on the same day, an insider commented, “She’s not expecting it to change her life, only to change her looks by shaving off a few years.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n