Yanic Truesdale Says Viewers Will Get Michel’s Backstory in ‘Gilmore Girls’ Revival /n





                    WATCH: Lauren Graham Wants You to Binge Watch 'Gilmore Girls'
                







Now is your chance to catch up on Gilmore Girls before your favorite mother/daughter duo return later this year.

 MORE >>





We’re about to learn a lot more about the Dragonfly Inn’s lovable concierge!

Curt Frenchman Michel Gerard (Yanic Truesdale) was constantly stealing scenes on Gilmore Girls with his snobby, amazing comments. But fans never learned much about his personal life on the hit show. Well, that’s all going to change when the Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life premieres on Netflix.
“We kind of haven’t seen Michel outside of work, really,” Truesdale noted to Us Weekly. “I think very rarely he was outside of the inn. And we didn’t know much about his personal life. So this time is different. We know much more.”
Truesdale shared that the show’s revival is exciting because fans will get to see him outside of work and better understand the curmudgeon character.
“That is nice for me as an actor because it gives me a backstory,” he added. “But it gives me meat for the character because he, you know, I definitely have an arc and stuff going on in my personal life that affect the character. So the fans can expect to discover more about Michel.”


Lauren Graham's Best Lorelai Quotes from 'Gilmore Girls'








































16 Photos »


Although the 46-year-old actor’s character witnessed the romantic turmoil in the lives of the show’s leading women Lorelai Gilmore (Lauren Graham) and Rory Gilmore (Alexis Bledel), Truesdale admits that he actual has difficulty keeping Rory’s three relationships – with Dean Forester (Jared Padalecki), Jess Mariano (Milo Ventimiglia) and Logan Huntzberger (Matt Czuchry) – straight.
“It’s a running joke [on set]. … I really have bad memory and I kind of don’t remember the dudes’ relationships,” Truesdale said. “I know Jess was a bad guy. I know that Logan was kind of rich. But I think in my memory he was kind of nice? It’s kind of vague. And the one that I remember the most — because I started the show with him — was Jared, who is fucking adorable. He was such an adorable kid and still is an adorable guy. So I’m very fond of him as a friend and all of that, so in my head, when people always ask me [what team I’m on], I’m like, ‘Oh! It’s Jared!'”
So, will Michel have a romantic storyline in the new installments of the show? “That I can’t answer,” Truesdale said. “But you will definitely find out more about him.”


Check Out the First Photos from Netflix's 'Gilmore Girls' Reboot








































7 Photos »


/n