Love Is Dead: The Most Upsetting Celebrity Breakups of 2016/n





                    Celebuzz'd 029: Why Do We Care So Much About Brangelina's Divorce?
                







It was the divorce that literally shook Hollywood

 MORE >>





From Brangelina’s divorce to Taylor Swift and Calvin Harris’s dramatic breakup, we can’t help but get emotional when we think about how many couples split up this year.

As if 2016 wasn’t messed up enough on its own, Hollywood endured some of the worst celebrity breakups ever. Just two weeks after their second wedding anniversary, Angelina Jolie filed for divorce from Brad Pitt. The couple cited “irreconcilable differences” as the reason for their split and Jolie stated she wants full custody of their six children, requesting that Pitt only has visitation rights. They are keeping their split as private as possible, asking the media to respect their family’s privacy. Unlike Jolie and Pitt, Taylor Swift and Calvin Harris made their break-up much more public by tweeting about it.


18 Couples Who Can Never Ever, Ever, Ever Breakup	








































18 Photos »


Young love fizzled out quickly between couples like Brooklyn Beckham and Chlöe Grace Moretz, Justin Bieber and Sofia Richie, and The Weeknd and Bella Hadid. 


	Chloë Grace Moretz Attends Coach Runway Show at NYFW








































6 Photos »


Some other major divorces shook up Hollywood as well, including Johnny Depp and Amber Heard’s messy divorce that involved a restraining order due to Depp’s alleged domestic abuse. Casey Affleck and Summer Phoenix split up after dating for 16 years while Naomi Watts and Leiv Schreiber ended their 11-year relationship. In 2017, will continue to mourn the end of the partnerships between Mariah Carey and James Packer, Zac Efron and Sami Miró, Emma Roberts and Evan Peters, Sharon and Ozzy Osbourne, and Khloé Kardashian and James Harden. View the full list in the gallery below:


Love Is Dead: Most Upsetting Celebrity Break-Ups of 2016








































38 Photos »


 
/n