Teresa And Joe Giudice May Officially Be Over/nWeeks after her husband went to jail, The Real Housewives of New Jersey star told Us that she and daughters Gia, Gabriella, Milania, and Audriana, “just miss my honey.” But now it looks like things have changed.

 Teresa found plenty of ways to distract her daughters from their absent dad. “Teresa keeps them busy so they’re distracted,” an insider revealed to Us. “They have adjusted to life without Dad in the house.”Now, Teresa might be getting comfortable with Joe out of the house. A source told Us she's thinking about leaving her husband. While their 18th anniversary is in October, “the marriage may be over," the insider said.The Standing Strong author completed her own 11-month sentence in December 2015. Her time apart from her husband has reportedly been eye-opening. For a while, Teresa was relying on her mom Antonia, but since her March passing, she's had to go it alone. “Teresa’s still standing,” the source says. “She’s learned she doesn’t need Joe.”Teresa has been "loving her independence,” says the source, and she's only visited Joe a handful of times. “She’s becoming used to being quite free while Joe is away at prison.”What do you think about Teresa leaving Joe? Sound off in the comments! Weeks after her husband went to jail, The Real Housewives of New Jersey star told Us that she and daughters Gia, Gabriella, Milania, and Audriana, “just miss my honey.” But now it looks like things have changed.

 Teresa found plenty of ways to distract her daughters from their absent dad. “Teresa keeps them busy so they’re distracted,” an insider revealed to Us. “They have adjusted to life without Dad in the house.”Now, Teresa might be getting comfortable with Joe out of the house. A source told Us she's thinking about leaving her husband. While their 18th anniversary is in October, “the marriage may be over," the insider said.The Standing Strong author completed her own 11-month sentence in December 2015. Her time apart from her husband has reportedly been eye-opening. For a while, Teresa was relying on her mom Antonia, but since her March passing, she's had to go it alone. “Teresa’s still standing,” the source says. “She’s learned she doesn’t need Joe.”Teresa has been "loving her independence,” says the source, and she's only visited Joe a handful of times. “She’s becoming used to being quite free while Joe is away at prison.”What do you think about Teresa leaving Joe? Sound off in the comments! /n