Donald Trump Apparently Doesn't Even Know Who North Korea's Ruler Is/n

If you weren't already worried Donald Trump had no clue what he was doing re: North Korea, get ready to start sweating!
In an interview on Tuesday morning's Fox & Friends, the only show he likes anymore, the POTUS totally showed his foreign policy hand. And it was empty. And tiny.
Video: Watch Donald Trump Take A Child's Hat And Throw It Away!
When Ainsley Earnhardt asked about a possible U.S. military strike on the Asian nation, Trump replied: 

"I don't want to telegraph what I'm doing or what I'm thinking. I'm not like other administrations where they say, ‘We're going to do this in four weeks.' It doesn't work that way. We'll see what happens. I hope things work out well. I hope there's going to be peace."
Ugh. "Not telegraphing your moves" is a strategy for a fight. You want peace, it's time to open up the lines of communication.
The problem is, the Art Of The Deal co-author never had a conversation where the goal wasn't to fuck the other person, either figuratively or literally.
Related: Miss Finland Becomes Twelfth Woman To Accuse Donald Trump Of Sexual Misconduct
But as if "I hope there's going to be peace" isn't a scary enough sentiment for the leader of the free world, who is supposed to be in charge of making sure there's peace, there was something else unnerving in this interview that a lot of people picked up on.
Check out how he describes the ruler he's dealing with: 

"But, you know, they've been talking with this gentleman for a long time. You read Clinton's book, he said, ‘Oh, we made such a great peace deal,' and it was a joke. You look at different things over the years with President Obama. Everybody has been outplayed, they've all been outplayed by this gentleman. And we'll see what happens. But I just don't telegraph my moves."
Yeah. "This gentleman."
Not only does it seem Trump doesn't know Kim Jong Un's name, it doesn't seem like he knows who he is at all!
Related: Trump's Biggest News Source Tells Court He's Just A 'Performance Artist'
See, Bill Clinton wouldn't have dealt at all with Kim Jong Un. During his entire presidency (and George W. Bush's), the ruler of North Korea was Kim Jong Un's father, Kim Jong Il. That "gentleman" died in 2011, so Trump isn't dealing with the same dictator at all.
This is Frederick Douglass all over again. It's just so obvious Trump has no idea who he's even talking about!
Even to Seth Rogen, who tweeted…

I think we did more research for our movie about killing Kim Jong Un than trump is in to actually killing him. https://t.co/2YyBPP84FL
— Seth Rogen (@Sethrogen) April 18, 2017

Hell, even Pauly D should probably be looking over his shoulder for Seal Team Six at this point…
Sorry, Trump, your only move is being dangerously ill-informed, and you're totally telegraphing right now.
See the interview for yourself (below)!

[Image via KCNA/Fox News.]
/n