 Hypocrite? '90 Day Fiancé' Star Danielle Accused Of Cheating On Mohamed With TWO Men!.../n
Danielle Mullins has accused her estranged husband Mohamed Jbali of cheating on her throughout their marriage, but an insider close to the 90 Day Fiancé couple exclusively claims to RadarOnline.com that she’s the one who strayed!
“Mohamed is not the one who cheated Danielle did,” the source told Radar. “She was dating two married men at the same time!”
As Radar readers know, Mullins accused her estranged husband of having an affair with his friend Luisa Berry.
PHOTOS: So Cheeky! Maria Menounos & Fiancé Get Frisky On The Beach
“He said he was going to Florida, but then posted photos from South Carolina to see Luisa,” Mullins told Radar. “Why wouldn’t you take your wife with you? This was while were married and he was living with me.”
But Berry denied the claims to Radar, as she insisted they were “made up” by Mullins.
“People think because he’s an attractive guy and I’m an attractive girl we’re automatically banging,” she said. “I don’t need people to believe me, but I was trying to get him out of that horrible situation.”
PHOTOS: Newly Married Janice Dickinson Looks Upbeat After Wedding Controversial Fiancé
Berry also revealed just how toxic Mullins and Jbali’s marriage was.
“If he posted photos of friends in Florida she would go nuts,” Berry continued. “Danielle just wants to be full of hate and bitterness and drag everyone down. She is very manipulative.”
As Radar reported based on police reports, Jbali called the cops on his wife on various occasions for accusing her of stealing money, opening a DirecTV account in his name, messing with his clothes and more.
PHOTOS: Hayden Panettiere Acts Distant From Fiancé & Daughter During Beach Day
Mullins, who married Jbali in July 2014, filed for an annulment from Jbali in October based on adultery and fraud. They are expected to face off in court on March 22.
Mullins replied “no comment” when Radar asked about the claims.
Do you think she cheated? Tell us in the comments.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n