Buffy Star Nicholas Brendon Arrested for Third Time This Year/n
It’s been a rough past few months for actor Nicholas Brendon.    
The former Buffy the Vampire Slayer star was arrested (for the third time this year) in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, on Saturday. He was charged with public intoxication and impairment, according to the Myrtle Beach Police Department’s website.  
Brendon did not directly address the arrest on his social media accounts, but he did make a reference to his run-in with the law in a Tweet on Sunday.  
“Twatters I love you all,” he wrote along with a shirtless selfie. “Healing waters of Myrtle Beach. We are all human.”  



Twatters I love you all. Healing waters of Myrtle Beach. We are all human. pic.twitter.com/N4DyrF4CO5
— Nicholas Brendon (@NicholasBrendon) May 17, 2015

In addition, a warrant was also issued for Brendon’s arrest last month for failing to submit urine samples to authorities in Tallahassee, Florida, who accused him of trashing a hotel room in March.  
In that case, Brendon was arrested on March 13 for flipping a hotel bed, smashing a porcelain figure, pulling the phone out of the wall and clogging the toilet, which caused water to spill out onto the room’s carpet. Damages were estimated up to $1,000.  
When the arrest warrant was issued, the actor’s spokesperson posted a statement on Facebook that the warrant had resulted from a “misunderstanding.” The spokesperson also claimed that the actor had been drug- and alcohol-free since the Tallahassee incident.    
After he was released, Brendon told the Tallahassee Democrat that he was trying to come to terms with “a lot of the stuff I’m having to deal with in my life, inside of my head, which is not fun and it’s not funny.” He also revealed in the interview that he was sexually abused as a child.  
In February, the Criminal Minds star was also arrested in Ft. Lauderdale, Florida, for trashing a different hotel room – just days after he and wife Moonda Tee called it quits after five months of marriage.   
Brendon’s rep did not respond to a request for comment.
/n