'Fixer Upper's' Chip & Joanna Fire Back In Lawsuit Against Magnolia Silos/n
Chip and Joanna Gaines refuse to cough up cash for a tourist who was injured at Magnolia Silos over the summer.
RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal the Fixer Upper couple filed their answer to Nancy Brown’s petition, and denied the “material allegations” made in the explosive suit.
The pair, on behalf of Magnolia Market LLC, claimed the Silos “are not liable for any condition existing before the occurrence in question, except to the extent, if any, that such other condition was aggravated by any injuries that resulted from the occurrence in question,” according to the McLennan County court documents.
PHOTOS: Desperate For Ratings? Chip Gaines Strips Down During Season 5 Filming
“[Magnolia Market] would show that the allegations for medical expenses are limited to those expenses actually paid or incurred,” they continued, adding they “would further assert that the court should instruct the jury as to whether any recovery sought by [Brown] is subject to federal or state income taxes.”
Chip, 42, and Joanna, 38, then demanded a jury trial in the matter.
READ THE SHOCKING COURT DOCUMENTS
Radar previously reported the couple was hit with the suit in February after Brown visited the famed Silos on June 14, 2016. The Magnolia Silos are frequently shown on Fixer Upper, and have become a Waco, Texas, attraction.
Brown claimed she “suffered serious permanent bodily injuries as a direct result of the dangerous condition created by the height and steel rods used for the canopies which are affixed to picnic tables located in an outdoor dining area,” and described that “when attempting to sit down at said tables [her] head hit the low hanging and concealed steel rods.”
PHOTOS: ‘Game Of Thrones’ Star Lena Headey Buys $790K Fixer-Upper In The Valley — So Much For Being Broke!
She asked for the court to award her $100,000 to $200,000 in damages for “reasonable and necessary medical expenses in the past” and future, physical pain and mental anguish.
This is not the only drama the the reality star couple have at the Silos, as they are also involved in a suit over a fence they put up on the property.
Stay with Radar for more.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n