‘Modern Family’ Star Sofia Vergara Records Message for Aimee Copeland, Flesh-eating Bacteria Victim (VIDEO)/n





                    Sofia On Set
                







Sofia and Sarah shoot 'Modern Family.'

 MORE >>





Modern Family star Sofia Vergara is throwing her support behind Aimee Copeland, the Georgia student recovering from a flesh-eating disease.
In a video message, the Colombian actress declared how proud she’s become of the 24-year-old’s brave fight to survive a body-ravaging infection that she contracted after falling from a homemade zipline over a west Georgia river. Her left leg, right foot and both hands have been amputated.
“We always have you in our minds,” Vergara, 39, said in the video message recorded in New York City.
Click after the jump to watch the message.

Vergara told the young woman — who was upgraded from critical to serious condition at Doctors Hospital of Augusta last Tuesday — that she hopes to visit her soon.
She also sent words of encouragement for a speedy recovery and rehabilitation.
“We also believe you are such a strong person, we are so proud of what you are doing and going through,” Vegara said.
“Hopefully I can met you soon and give you a hug.”


sofia uses her celebrity to help Aimee Copeland








































35 Photos »


Vergara recorded the message to encourage people to purchase a grape-flavored lollipop, one of Aimee’s preferred candy choices; the manufacturer Sukitz plans to donate profits to the Snellville, Ga. eco-psychology student and her family to aid in her recovery.
The outpouring of support from Hollywood comes as Copeland suffers a set back, though.
She has been trying to get through the pain of her numerous surgeries without using heavy medication, preferring instead to use the power of meditation.
However, Copeland’s father has revealed that the pain has become too great for his daughter and she has asked for a “liberal dose” of prescribed painkillers following surgery to replace swaths of bacteria-ravaged skin and muscle.
“Aimee is now taking pain medication in as liberal a dose as can be prescribed,” Andy Copeland wrote in a blog post.
“If she even dared to refuse taking it, which she wouldn’t, then the doctors would most certainly administer it in an IV drip.”
Despite her pain, Copeland showed just how strong she has become, wishing her father a happy Father’s Day on Sunday, he revealed.
“Sometimes being a parent is not easy and this is one of those times,” he wrote.
“I would much rather be the one in that bed. If I could take that pain away from her I would do it in a heartbeat.”





/n