Cara Delevingne and Pharrell Williams Become Full-On Royalty, Sing Duet In New Chanel Film, ‘Reincarnation’/n





                    Love Bites
                







Who did Cara Delevingne give these love bites (hickeys) too?!?

 MORE >>





 He who never ages, Pharrell Williams, and Karl Lagerfeld’s golden girl (and model turned actress) Cara Delevingne star in a romantic and regal short film called Reincarnation.
Watch the two play Emperor and Empress as they twirl around an ornate ballroom and sing a duet together.

Reincarnation is a 7-minute film directed and created by Lagerfeld, set to premiere December 1st, the day before Chanel’s latest Métiers d’art collection in Salzburg. The pair soulfully sing “CC the World” together, which is an original composition by Pharrell.
 

cara delevingne for john hardy jewelry








































10 Photos »



About singing with Pharrell, WWD noted that when the “Happy” singer and producer called Cara to say he was writing a duet for them, she “was so happy, I think I screamed down the phone at him.”
According to WWD, Reincarnation portrays a significant episode from Coco Chanel’s life:
“While vacationing at an Austrian resort in 1954, the designer becomes enamored by the jacket worn by the hotel’s elevator operator, portrayed by Williams with his captivating, Sphinx-like gaze. That style, with contrasting trim and pockets, would go on to become the Chanel jacket, a fashion icon that has endured and whose identifiable features Chanel protects vigorously.”




 All will be revealed… @pharrell shot by @karllagerfeld hair by @sammcknight1 make up @tompecheux @chanelofficial
Ein von Cara Delevingne (@caradelevingne) gepostetes Foto am Nov 11, 2014 at 7:41 PST



 
Geraldine Chaplin will once again play Gabrielle Chanel, while Pharrell will play the lift operator and a reincarnated Franz Joseph I, Emperor of Austria, and Cara plays the Emperor’s wife, Elisabeth of Austria (aka Sisi).
Lagerfeld has been accompanying films with Chanel’s Métiers d’Art shows since 2008. He told WWD, “I like to do very short movies. I have no time and no patience to do a feature film. After two days, I want to do something else.”




 Are you ready for this? @pharrell + @karllagerfeld @chanelofficial @i_am_other ❤️
Una foto publicada por Cara Delevingne (@caradelevingne) el Nov 11, 2014 at 4:55 PST



 
Furthermore, he said “It’s not meant to be a historical reconstruction or something heavy like that. This is light and funny.”
Look forward to seeing the full film on December 1st!
/n