Nick Viall's The Bachelor Premieres With A Camel, A Shark, EIGHT ELIMINATIONS, And… Neil Lane ALREADY?!/n

This premiere was just wild!
It only took two years… but Nick Viall's season of The Bachelor FINALLY premiered Monday night — and boy, was it an entertaining two hours.
Not only did we get special appearances from a few ghosts of Bachelor Nation past — Ben Higgins, Sean Lowe, and Chris Soules — we also got to meet all 30 of Nick's suitors suitresses!
Photo: Who Survived Night One Of Nick Viall's The Bachelor???
While the first impression rose went to early front-runner Rachel Lindsay… only 21 of the other contestants survived 36-year-old Nick and Chris Harrison's first rose ceremony of 2017. For those of you keeping count, that means EIGHT women have already gotten back in their limos to leave the SoCal mansion!
And speaking of limos… let's take a look at the best introductions The Bachelor had to offer (below)!!! 
Alexis Waters

The 23-year-old aspiring dolphin trainer was the only girl to show up in a costume… it's just to bad she was accidentally wearing a shark outfit…
Lacey Mark

The 25-year-old digital marketing manager rode in on a literal camel. Who doesn't love a good sex pun?
Josephine Tutman

The 24-year-old funemployed nurse didn't make too much of an impression during Episode 1… but judging by her Lady and the Tramp-esque hot dog moment with Nick, we're sure she'll be one to watch.
But nothing could compare to Jasmine Goode's entrance…
Video: Bachelor Superfan Jennifer Aniston Judges The New Contestants!
She somehow convinced Neil Lane himself to slum it with non-finalists as she showed Nick her ideal ring. Plus, she then managed to make it through the first rose ceremony despite the awkward intro!

Unfortunately, a few ladies figuratively stumbled with their limo exits and/or cocktail party etiquette — so we had to say goodbye to Angela, Briana, Ida Marie, Jasmine B., Lauren, Michelle, Olivia, and Susannah.
But on to next Monday and the remaining 22!!!
Did your early favorite survive Nick's first Night of The Bachelor??
[Image via ABC.]
/n