 Denise Richards: Charlie Sheen Called Daughter A 'Pig Whore,' & Threatened 'I'm Going.../n
Denise Richards is asking a Los Angeles family court judge to force ex-husband, Charlie Sheen, to either put $7 million in cash back into their daughters’ trust fund, or purchase a home of equal value, after the mercurial actor sold the Mulholland Estates mansion that had been titled to children Sam, 11, and Lola‘s, 10, trust account.
The 161 page document, filed on January 12, lays out a grim picture of Denise’s deteriorating relationship with Charlie, after she moved into the home with their daughters in 2011, located in a gated community where the HIV-positive actor lives as well.
Sheen, 50, had bought the 9,000 square-foot home with six bedrooms, nine bathrooms, a pool, and pizza oven in 2011 for $6.99 million, offering it to Richards. The house was recently sold for $6.6 million, a nearly $400,000 loss to Sheen in an off-market deal. It was originally listed on the MLS last year for $7.495 million.
“Throughout 2011 and 2012, Sheen asked Richards and their children to move into a home that he had previously purchased in the gated community in which he resided (the Clerendon Residence),” documents obtained exclusively by Radar state. “Sheen had been diagnosed with a life threatening condition, feared that it could cost him his life, and wanted to repair the relationship with his children. Richards was concerned about Sheen’s erratic behavior but did not want to prevent Sheen from being close to his children during this time.”
READ THE COURT DOCS
“After receiving repeated assurances from Sheen that he would maintain a sober lifestyle and never evict Richards and the children from the residence,” it continues.
Unfortunately, after Richards had moved into the house in 2013, Sheen engaged in incredibly aggressive and hostile behavior towards Richards and their children, even evicting them from the home and threatening to kill them, the court document claims.
When Sheen began dating porn star Brett Rossi in the fall of 2013, things went even more downhill. Arguments about seeing the kids over the holidays resulted in Sheen sending Richards a text message that read, “I will get you one day live in fear u piece of s**t.”
Seeing that Sam and Lola were upset by the holiday stress, and Denise, 44, encouraged them to write letters to their dad, explaining how they felt.
“I walked into the room during the call and heard Sheen screaming, calling Lola (then nine years old) a ‘fucking pig whore,’ and yelling ‘I’m going to kill you and your mom.’ I told Lola to hang up, as she was visibly shaken and upset,” Denise claims. “Sheen called back repeating the comments to me and yelling, ‘how dare you let them write these letters.’ He then said he was coming over to the house with a baseball bat and the conversation ended. I immediately contacted Sheen’s security, warning them I would call the police if they let Sheen come to the Clerendon residence. After this incident I hired private security for me and our children.”
PHOTOS: ‘Burn!’ Charlie Sheen’s Ex Torches Photos & Other Mementos To Exorcise Their Chaotic Past
Richards also recounted events surrounding Sheen’s then-girlfriend Rossi.
“In February 2014, Brett invited me to a girls lunch with her. I suggested we talk first so Brett came over…she had given Sheen an ultimatum that if he wanted to have a relationship with her (Brett), he needed to cut off all ties with me,” Denise added. “I then asked Brett what the point of the visit was, and Brett replied she was there to deliver a message: I could stay in the residence if I signed a custody agreement. I told Brett that custody was between me and Sheen, and that he and I could not even talk about that until Sheen repaired the relationship with the girls.”
After Sheen and Rossi called off their engagement, there was a brief reprieve from the drama, which then escalated again in June 2015.
“Sheen resumed his aggressive and hostile conduct towards me. Once again, this conduct coincided with Sheen having a new girlfriend,” Richards asserts. “Sheen was referring to me on Twitter and text messages as ‘worst mom alive,’ and telling our daughters he is going to jump off a cliff thanks to me.”
PHOTOS: Inside Charlie Sheen’s HIV & AIDS Related Physical Deterioration
Sheen’s erratic behavior forced Richards and the girls to move out. The Wild Things actress also asserted that she had received application rejections from ten different private schools for her kids at that time.
“I was told by several schools the reason they [were] not accepting our daughters is because of Sheen’s conduct, and that Sheen is a liability that they do not want to take,” she explains in the declaration.
“In September 2015, I signed a 6 month lease on and moved into a short term furnished rental home near the children’s school, which may continue month to month thereafter,” the document continues. “Before I had completely vacated the Clerendon residence, Sheen’s representatives caused the locks to be broken and changed on two occasions, and removed my jewelry and several of the children’s clothes.”
Documents included in the massive filing reveal Sheen has a $10 million life insurance policy.
PHOTOS: Drugs, Guns & Hookers — 23 Epic Sheen Scandals Before Charlie’s HIV Diagnosis
In 2013, Richards earned $500,000, while Sheen’s was $16 million. The stipulation order signed off by both parties in 2014 detailed that Richards’ income would be substantially less, stating, “Denise Richards represents based on expenses relating to the minor children, excluding the residence are in excess of $90,000 a month.”
She was also caring for Brooke Mueller and Sheen’s twin sons during that time.
Before filing the legal salvo against Sheen, Richards attempted to reach an agreement with her ex. “A subsequent unsuccessful mediation before Commission Robbins took place in November 2015, confirming Sheen’s outright refusal to abide by the May 2014 stipulation,” the docs state.
In response, Sheen’s lawyer claims Richards is conducting “a desperate attempt to get more money.” A hearing has been scheduled for February 22. /n