 Katy & Orlando's Shocking Split: Inside The Miserable Date Night That Ended It All.../n
Katy Perry and Orlando Bloom‘s relationship of over a year went down in flames in just a matter of hours, during a painfully awkward date night gone wrong, RadarOnline.com has learned.
Sunday night, the couple happily posted for photos at the Vanity Fair soiree, but RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned that their night quickly turned to disaster as the partying dragged on.
PHOTOS: Katy Perry & Orlando Bloom Keep Their Heads Down On NYC Date
According to a source, the 32-year-old “Hot N’ Cold” singer and Bloom, 40, attended Madonna‘s super private after-after party following the Vanity Fair bash, which was held at the mansion of Madge’s manager, Guy Oseary, in Beverly Hills, Calif.
“Katy and Orlando arrived to Madge’s bash together but you could tell that something was definitely wrong,” a partygoer who was at the event told Radar.
“There was so much distance between them and it seemed like Orlando was just really over it. The moment they arrived together, they parted ways. He was not standing with her at all once inside. She was doing her own thing and he was left behind,” the insider claimed. “This was the end for them.”
“It seemed like Orlando just completely snapped,” the insider said. “He is an actor and this was supposed to be his night. It is not like it was the Grammy’s and it was her night.”
As Radar previously reported, signed Perry and Bloom could be headed for Splitsville were mounting for months, as Bloom headed to Africa for a Unicef event without his superstar singer lady love.
Now – as Bloom faces accusations of cheating on Perry a few nights prior to their split – an insider told Radar, “Orlando never changed his ways with hanging out with other women. He would still continue to hang out with his actor buddies and there were always a ton of sexy women around.”
PHOTOS: NSFW! See Orlando Bloom Go Balls Out On Paddle Board Play Date With Katy Perry
“Katy was constantly getting jealous about everything he did,” the insider said. “She has been burned so many times in the past.” Indeed, her ex John Mayer was infamously accused of cheating on her, too.
Still, the source insists that their friends and family were caught off guard by the sudden breakup announcement.
“Everyone is really shocked about this,” the source claimed. “They were so into each other for almost a year and they even thought that they would get married. They had talked about marriage. It is just really sad.”
Do you think that Orlando Bloom and Katy Perry will make it work? Let us know in the comments.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n