Hunter Biden Suggests Ex-Wife Cheated On Him!/n
Hunter Biden, who has admitted that he’s in a romance with his dead brother’s widow, reportedly is demanding that his wife turn over any evidence of HER cheating on him during their marriage!
According to Page Six, in explosive divorce documents, Hunter (the son of former Vice President Joe Biden) says that he wants his wife of 24 years, Kathleen, to provide evidence of any infidelity, “including but not limited to, letters, cards, notes and e-mails between you and any person that you had a romantic or sexual relationship with other than your husband during the marriage.”
As Radar has reported, America was shocked to find out Hunter, 47, started dating his dead brother Beau’s widow Hallie–after Hunter had split from wife Kathleen in 2015. Kathleen, who had been separated from Hunter since then, finally filed divorce papers on February 23.
Kathleen claimed in her legal docs that Hunter spent more than $120,000 on hookers, drugs, and a dark secret life, RadarOnline.com learned.
According to the court papers, Kathleen contended Hunter spent $122,000 in just two months.
PHOTOS: Sasha Obama Shows Off Her Curves In A Skimpy Bikini In Miami
“His spending rarely relates to legitimate family expenses, but focuses on his own travel (at times multiple hotel rooms on the same night), gifts for other women, alcohol, strip clubs, or other personal indulgences,” Kathleen said in the papers, which were filed in Washington, DC.
“Throughout the parties’ separation Mr. Biden has created financial concerns for the family by spending extravagantly on his own interests (including drugs, alcohol, prostitutes, strip clubs, and gifts for women with whom he has sexual relations), while leaving the family with no funds to pay legitimate bills,” she claimed in the filing.
In his divorce papers, Hunter blamed Kathleen for their split, saying that the only reason the marriage flopped was because she kicked him out.
But Hunter has been in a year-long relationship with Hallie, the widow of his late brother Beau, who died tragically of brain cancer in 2015. Their father, former Vice President Joe Biden, touched the hearts of Americans when he revealed his intense grief after Beau’s death.
Incredibly, Joe said he approves of Hunter’s affair with Hallie.
PHOTOS: Rebel Sasha Obama Turns Wild In Miami With Pals
Now, though, there’s a family mess as Hunter and Kathleen are fighting over money, custody of their youngest daughter, Maisy, 16, and whether Kathleen will have to get a job.
In the legal papers reported by Page Six, Kathleen seeks to limit Hunter to a $5,000-a-month allowance but wants her and their daughters to receive a $20,000 monthly allowance.
But Hunter’s lawyer, Sarah Mancinelli, argued in the divorce filing that Kathleen needs to get a job herself: “Ms. Biden is college-educated and, as demonstrated by the substantive volunteer work she performs, she is capable of working, earning an income and contributing to her own support and the support of the parties’ children.”
PHOTOS: Look Away, Barack! Malia Obama’s Top 10 Most SHOCKING Photos EXPOSED
Kathleen’s lawyer, Rebekah Sullivan, said the divorce might be a long battle.
People has reported that before Beau’s passing, the two Biden sisters-in-law, Kathleen and Hallie, had been friends.
Describing their relationship during the inaugural balls, Kathleen said in a 2013 Washingtonian magazine article about Hallie, “We’ll get our hair done, put our makeup on with all the kids running around.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n