Ja Rule Responds to Fyre Festival Backlash: It’s ‘Not a Scam’/n





                    Coachella 2017: Highlights From the Hottest Star-Studded Parties
                







Prepare for serious #FOMO.

 MORE >>










                    Here's What Happened When Kendall Jenner and A$AP Rocky Went to a Coachella Party with Free Weed
                







It's lit! 

 MORE >>





Ja Rule wants you to know he has nothing to do the mess that is the Fyre Festival.

After it was announced that the inaugural luxury three-day, two-weekend event on the Exuma islands in the Bahamas was postponed indefinitely due to inadequate accommodations for guests, the rapper — who had co-organized the seaside music festival with tech entrepreneur Billy McFarland — took to Twitter to respond to the backlash over poor planning. As scores of would-be festival goers continue to try to find a way home after paying upwards of $12,000 for tickets and lodging, the rapper broke his silence and insisted to fans that everything was “NOT A SCAM” and what did transpire was “NOT” his fault.
“We are working right now on getting everyone of the island SAFE that is my immediate concern…” he tweeted. “I will make a statement soon I’m heartbroken at this moment my partners and I wanted this to be an amazing event it was NOT A SCAM as everyone is reporting.”
“I don’t know how everything went so left but I’m working to make it right by making sure everyone is refunded…” he continued. “I truly apologize as this is NOT MY FAULT… but I’m taking responsibility I’m deeply sorry to everyone who was inconvenienced by this…”

pic.twitter.com/KuJYxfsQJ4
— Ja Rule (@Ruleyork) April 28, 2017

Attendees who purchased for wristbands and travel packages were promised a flight from Miami on “a custom, VIP-configured Boeing 737 aircraft,” a stay inside a fully furnished villas or “modern, eco-friendly, geodesic domes,” and gourmet food catered by restauranteur Stephen Starr. The lineup was supposed to include Blink-182 — who pulled out of the gig just hours before its start — as well as Migos, Lil Yachty, and Major Lazer.
However, many discovered upon arrival that hardly any infrastructure was set up. Visitors claimed the campsite lacked plumbing, electricity, security, and staff.
Social media quickly became flooded by complaints citing the event as a “disaster” similar to a “refugee camp.”

This sums up Fyre Festival. #fyre #fyrefestival #fyrefest pic.twitter.com/x4xcFBL8Yg
— William N. Finley IV (@WNFIV) April 28, 2017



This is how Fyre Fest handles luggage. Just drop it out of a shipping container. At night. With no lights. #fyrefestival pic.twitter.com/X5CdZRyJWo
— William N. Finley IV (@WNFIV) April 28, 2017


These are the secure lockers at Fyre Fest. They forgot to tell us we needed locks. #fyrefestival #fyrefest pic.twitter.com/Tqyjqbg2Gy
— William N. Finley IV (@WNFIV) April 28, 2017



Here’s the “culinary experience” we got for our artists pass at Fyre Festival. pic.twitter.com/Kk9q9uvkX0
— William N. Finley IV (@WNFIV) April 28, 2017


A view of the luxury food court with some luxury school bus transportation at Fyre Festival. #fyre #fyrefestival pic.twitter.com/XL3PtRw8q0
— William N. Finley IV (@WNFIV) April 28, 2017



#fyrefestival refugee camp settling in for the night!!! humidity has everyone’s belongings SOAKED pic.twitter.com/isBWgxxa7U
— Austin Rose (@AustinJamesRose) April 28, 2017


people hopping on the back of local cars to try and make it to the airport #fyrefestival pic.twitter.com/UQAX4MFn0X
— Austin Rose (@AustinJamesRose) April 28, 2017



The dinner that @fyrefestival promised us was catered by Steven Starr is literally bread, cheese, and salad with dressing. #fyrefestival pic.twitter.com/I8d0UlSNbd
— Tr3vor (@trev4president) April 28, 2017


Early report is that many of the tents aren’t assembled. Here’s their tropical private island owned by Escobar! #FyreFestival pic.twitter.com/TNzBDbNAUJ
— FyreFestivalFraud (@FyreFraud) April 27, 2017



Stuck at #fyrefestival trying to leave for the last 8 hours. barley any food or water or security or electricity pic.twitter.com/jHPMnJw5gx
— Lamaan (@LamaanGallal) April 28, 2017


We have been locked indoors with no air NO FOOD and NO water #fyrefestival #fyrefest fyrefraud pic.twitter.com/wg5pZmSvnx
— Lamaan (@LamaanGallal) April 28, 2017


On Friday (Apr. 27, 217), the Bahamas Ministry of Tourism released a statement blaming the organizers, reading:
Given the magnitude of this undertaking, the [Ministry of Tourism] lent its support as we do with all international events. We offered advice and assisted with communications with other government agencies. The event organizers assured us that all measures were taken to ensure a safe and successful event but clearly they did not have the capacity to execute an event of this scale.
In an email sent to customers, the organizers of the festival — which was promoted by models and Instagram influencers like Bella Hadid, Alessandra Ambrosio, Hailey Baldwin, and Emily Ratajkowski — claimed they “are working tirelessly to get flights scheduled and get everyone off of Great Exuma as quickly as possible.”
See what was marketed to people — below.





/n