‘The Voice’ Recap: Blake Shelton and Christina Aguilera Face Tough Decisions (VIDEO)/n





                    'Voice': Contestants Speak
                









 MORE >>










                    'The Voice': Caitlin's Choice
                







After a great song, Caitlin Michelle picks a new coach.

 MORE >>





 It was another night of great performances as the battle rounds continued Monday on NBC’s The Voice.
Coaches Blake Shelton and Christina Aguilera had it particularly tough as their contenders sang for their lives and left everything out there on the stage. As is tradition (or so it seems), the big steal of the night was saved for the last performance. Sylvia Yacoub and Joselyn Rivera both wailed wonderfully in their performance of Beyonce’s “Best Thing I Never Had.”
After a long deliberation, Christina chose Yacoub for her team saying she related to “the fire” and the passion she had inside her for performing. Moments later both Adam Levine and Blake pushed their buttons to enact the steal for Joselyn.
Whose team did the 17-year-old pick? 

Before making her decision, Joselyn asked both coaches what they saw in her performance tonight. Just asking this question gave her some points in my book as she really wanted to make an informed decision. She chose Team Adam and definitely proved she’s one to watch as the next round begins. With her choice, Adam is officially out of steals.
 

see all the performers from 'the voice' season 3 








































72 Photos »



I would like to put my prediction out now, which I know I might regret later, but I’ll just say it… I think Team Adam is going to win this season. All of the singers in this competition are amazingly talented, but the singers he already has in his ranks plus the powerhouses of his steals, Amanda Brown and Joselyn, are simply outstanding. We haven’t even heard some of the standouts he gained in blind auditions yet such as Nicole Nelson and Brandon Mahone. His team is stacked.
What other singers were impressive on Monday night?
Terisa Griffin was obviously very impressive during her performance against Julio Cesar Castillo to Cee Lo Green as he swooped in and picked her up for his team after she lost her battle.
 

'the voice' coaches discuss 'the steal' in malibu








































8 Photos »



I enjoyed her too. She’s fun and spunky and genuinely seems like a great person.
But my second favorite performance tonight was from her Team Blake counterparts, Lelia Broussard and Suzanna Choffel. Performing Florence and The Machine’s “Dog Days Are Over,” the pair sounded perfect together. Best of all they looked like they were having so much fun. Maybe it’s just the song, but they really got me wanting to dance and watch their performance more than once.
When Blake chose music teacher Suzanna for his team over Leila, we were sure a coach would turn around for the young singer/songwriter. And then, no one did.
 

10 things you need to know about 'the voice' season one winner








































10 Photos »



It’s a shame that she won’t be in the competition anymore, but I can’t imagine we won’t be hearing from her again. She’s too talented to not having something come from her appearance on the show. Do you hear me music industry? Someone get her a record deal!
Other contestants advancing on Monday’s episode included Team Christina singer, Dez Duron (who beat Paulina), Team Adam singer Sam James (who beat Benji), and Team Cee Lo singer/the man who looks like “Jesus” or so says Blake, Nicholas David (who beat Todd Kessler).
The Voice airs Monday and Tuesday Nights at 8 PM on NBC.
Who was your favorite singer from Night 3 of the battle rounds? Sound off in the comments below!
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n