Lady Gaga’s Mom Recalls the Time She Shattered a Plate on Thanksgiving/n





                    Lady Gaga Adopts an Adorable New Puppy
                







Stop what you're doing and look

 MORE >>





Lady Gaga’s family is one for tradition and non-convention all at once.

Gaga’s parents, Joe and Cynthia Germanotta, are the owners of Joanne Trattoria in the Upper West Side of New York City and are published authors as of today (Nov. 22, 2016) upon the release of Joanne Trattoria Cookbook. In an excerpt from the book, via People, Gaga’s mother Cynthia recounts a memorable moment from their family’s Thanksgiving history when they decided to host a small dinner at their restaurant for a few close friends that were in town. “We weren’t even open yet, but we bought linens and set up tables in the back. The girls and I decorated for the holiday,” writes Gaga’s mother. The guest list included chef Art Smith and his husband, the Germanotta girls and their boyfriends, people from Gaga’s tour crew, and other friends and family members.
“Before sitting down to dinner that night, we all gathered for a drink at the bar. As we finished our cocktails and moved to the back of the restaurant to sit down to dinner, Natali [Gaga’s sister] remarked that it’s a good luck tradition to break a plate. I looked over at Stefani [Gaga], who was standing in the threshold of the dining area,” writes her mother in the cookbook. “She had picked up a plate and had it raised hands-over-head. I gasped as she slammed the plate down. It shattered and chipped one of our brand new floor tiles. Joe was not happy about that, but it became an unforgettable moment from a very special night that our family will always cherish.”


Lady Gaga Leaves Secret Performance in Los Angeles








































20 Photos »


Get the recipe for their restaurant’s Nutellasagna over on People.com and order your copy of Joanne Trattoria Cookbook over on Amazon ahead of the holidays. Watch our Facebook Live cooking demo here, where we cook a Lady Gaga-inspired sweet potato gnocchi dish that will make your home smell like sage and pancakes. Listen to our Celebuzz’d podcast interview with chefs Carla Hall (The Chew) and Lorraine Pascale (Worst Bakers in America) in the player below for more entertaining tips ahead of the holidays.

/n