Style Winners And Sinners! The Best, Worst & Wackiest Dressed Stars/n
By Leah Ornstein – Radar Features Editor
Who was dressed to rock and shock last week?
From the red carpet of the hottest Hollywood events and movie premieres to the city streets, the world’s most famous celebrities showed off their winning and sinning style and RadarOnline.com has all the photos and details in our weekly Best, Worst & Wackiest Dressed fashion feature.
PHOTOS: The Best, Worst & Wackiest Dressed Stars Of The Week 
Kristen Stewart may have taken a little hiatus from the red carpet after her shocking cheating scandal, but her Twilight costar Ashley Greene is definitely making up for her absence. After looking flawless at the 2012 Do Something Awards in a Michael Kors Resort 2013 patterned sleeveless number, a Roger Vivier clutch and Giuseppe Zanotti peep-toes, the brunette beauty dropped jaws in feminine fashion at the Los Angeles premiere of The Apparition, in a stunning Donna Karan Atelier pink gown and Jimmy Choo heels. 
Other style scores included Serena Williams in Victoria Beckham at The Late Show with David Letterman, Nina Dobrev in GUiSHEM at the celebration of her Ocean Drive magazine cover in Miami and Eva Longoria in Alberta Ferretti at the Global Gift Gala.
PHOTOS: Kate Beckinsale & Jessica Biel’s Total Recall Red Carpet Fashion Face-Off
Talk about a Fergie fashion flop! The Black Eyed Pea slipped up on the streets of Beverly Hills wearing an unflattering Carven ensemble with a Louis Vuitton and a Goyard bag and platform, sneaker-style shoes.
As for wacky, Fergie’s band mate Will.i.am sassed up the red carpet of the Do Something Awards, showing off his eccentric side in a bizarre vest, blazer and puke green shirt with light jeans, espadrille shoes and a plaid cap.
PHOTOS: The Best, Worst & Wackiest Dressed Stars At The 2012 Teen Choice Awards
For the rest of the best, worst & wackiest dressed stars, click here.
RELATED STORIES:
Kim Kardashian Lightens Up Her Locks! Exclusive Details About her New ‘DoThe Best, Worst & Wackiest Dressed Stars At The 2012 Do Something AwardsTotal Wardrobe Malfunction! Jessica Biel’s Designer Dress Gets Ripped On The Red Carpet
Red Hot Mama! Jennifer Garner Flaunts Her Post-Preggers Figure /n