Hilary Swank, Jean-Claude Van Damme Slammed for Attending Chechen Strongman's Big Bash/n
"By attending this kind of event, it really legitimizies and  bolsters the image of someone that's linked to human rights abuses,"  Jane Buchanan, Human Rights Watch's senior researcher, tells E! News.After  being appointed to his post by the Russian prime minister four years  ago, Kadyrov has overseen a law  enforcement agency that has orchestrated a slew of abductions, tortures  and deaths of Chechen insurgents in the rebellious republic, according to Human Rights Watch."[Kadyrov]  has a long history of being linked to serious abuses in that regime,"  added Buchanan. "He himself has been implicated in torture by a man who  used to work for him...and that man was assassinated in Austria while  seeking political asylum."That didn't stop Van Damme and Swank from feting him at an Oct. 5  festival in the Chechen capital of Grozny, which also doubled as a  birthday party for the dictator. The event included massive fireworks,  choreographed acrobatic routines and a performance by famed violinist  Vanessa Mae.For his part, the erstwhile action hero showed off a few of his aging  martial arts moves, and shouting, according to a BBC report, "I love  you, Mr. Kadyrov!"The Million Dollar Baby star offered her own good wishes for the Chechen ruler."Really, truly, for me this was a great honor to learn more about you  and your country and what you're building," the Oscar winner said upon  taking the stage. "Happy birthday, Mr. President."

Talk about a public relations fail."Our concerns are that if these stars got paid for attending then   they should give the money back. It's really not appropriate," said   Buchanan.Per the BBC, Mae was paid a reported $500,000 to perform. It's  not known whether Van Damme and Swank received anything for  their  appearance. Reps for the actors could not be reached for comment.According to ABC News, other celebs such as Shakira, Eva Mendez and Kevin Costner were invited to attend the affair, but turned the organizers down. The Colombian singer, in fact, issued a denial via Twitter days before the event to refute that she was ever booked for it. And while erroneously said to have attended in one early report, Costner did not attend and is said  to be busy filming the History Channel's upcoming miniseries, The Hatfields and McCoys.
/n