Andrew Garfield Faces Violent Twitter Backlash Over Gay Comments/n
Spider-Man star Andrew Garfield is facing violent backlash for his recent “queerbaiting” comment in which he claimed to be gay as a way to better “connect” with the LGBTQ community, RadarOnline.com can reveal.
In a Q&A panel for Angels in America on Monday, the actor said, “I am a gay man right now, just without the physical act.”
The 33-year-old Hollywood sweetheart continued: “As far as I know, I am not a gay man. Maybe I’ll have an awakening later in my life, which I’m sure will be wonderful and I’ll get to explore that part of the garden, but right now I’m secluded to my area.”
PHOTOS: Cheating, Gay Lovers, Incest, Drugs & Lip Synching! 50 Of Hollywood’s Juiciest Confessions
Speaking about playing a gay individual in his film, the actor said it was all about “doing honor” to the LGBTQ community.
Explaining how he prepared for his “wonderful gay role,” he stated: “Every Sunday, I would have eight friends over and we would just watch Ru. I mean every single series of RuPaul’s Drag Race. I mean every series.”
This specific comment brought along a great deal of recoil, with the twitter crowd going ballistic over his insensitive remark.
PHOTOS: From ‘Prison Camp’ To Gay Discrimination: The 10 Most Shocking Claims About Scientology From HBO’s ‘Going Clear’​
“Pleased to announce that according to Andrew Garfield I am now the gayest, manliest gay man ever, based on the amount of Drag Race I watch.” One user wrote.

Pleased to announce that according to Andrew Garfield I am now the gayest, manliest gay man ever, based on the amount of Drag Race I watch.
— мира (@ana_irim) July 6, 2017

Another user fired back, saying garfield “has a very limited view of what being gay ACTUALLY is.”

Former #SpiderMan #AndrewGarfield has a very limited view of what being gay ACTUALLY is. #LGBTQ https://t.co/LKmiWl35pM
— Jonathan Apollo (@JFantastico6) July 6, 2017

The criticism didn’t stop there, as actor Scott Evans responded to the Garfield’s comments writing: “Ur a talented guy, but seem to be completely oblivious to what is coming out of ur mouth.”

This article grosses me out.Ur a talented guy,but seem to be completely oblivious to what is coming out of ur mouth. https://t.co/td9DPhVRmP
— Scott Evans (@thescottevans) July 6, 2017

As of now, Andrew Garfield has offered no further comments on his Q&A fiasco.
Do you think Garfield was wrong to say what he did? Sound off in the comments below.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n