Emergency Surgery: Steve Scalise In Critical Condition After Virginia Shooting/n
President Donald Trump paid a visit to injured Steve Scalise in the Washington hospital this week, where the Congressman remains in critical condition, RadarOnline.com has learned.
Trump, who cancelled his birthday plans on Wednesday to check up on Scalise, shared via Twitter: “Just left hospital. Rep. Steve Scalise, one of the truly great people, is in very tough shape – but he is a real fighter. Pray for Steve!”
Meanwhile, a statement released by MedStar Washington Hospital Center states: “Scalise sustained a single rifle shot to the left hip. The bullet travelled across his pelvis, fracturing bones, injuring internal organs, and causing severe bleeding.”
PHOTOS: Comey-Palooza! The Top 10 Bombshell Revelations From His Testimony
According to reports, the congressman was transferred to the hospital’s Trauma Center, where he underwent immediate surgery, as well as an additional procedure to stop bleeding. He has received multiple units of blood transfusion and will require additional operations.
Prior to entering surgery, Scalise “was in good spirits and spoke to his wife by phone. He is grateful for the brave actions of U.S. Capitol Police, first responders, and colleagues,” his office revealed in a previous statement.
As readers know, Scalise was shot when a gunman opened fire on a field in Alexandria, Virginia, where several GOP members of Congress were practicing for a baseball game against their Democratic colleagues.
PHOTOS: Disgraced Kathy Griffin Loses Comedy Tour Dates After ‘Disgusting’ Trump Photo
Five people were hospitalized, including the suspect and Scalise, after the vicious attack.
The gunman has been identified as 66-year-old James T. Hodgkinson of Belleville, Illinois, a known anti-Republican who was killed by police during the savage strike.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n