Bill Cosby Brain Damage Hell!/n
Creepy Bill Cosby‘s mind may be seriously damaged by a brain-ravaging disease — and experts fear the shocking new diagnosis will derail his trial for a horrifying sex attack!
Using breakthrough scientific techniques, the Institute of BioAcoustic Biology has determined the disgraced TV dad may suffer from the same dementia that contributed to comedy superstar Robin Williams‘ 2014 suicide.
“There is evidence Bill Cosby has the same sort of Lewy body dementia as Robin Williams,” says Sharry Edwards, the CEO of the Albany, Ohio, biotech company.
The bombshell discovery could throw Cosby’s trial into chaos, New York City defense attorney Jerry Allen tells RadarOnline.
PHOTOS: ‘Cosby’ Actress Secretly Told Cops About Unwanted ‘Sexual Contact’ With Bill — Read The Shocking Police Report
“Such a medical issue could mean Cosby cannot assist meaningfully in his own defense, which every American citizen is constitutionally guaranteed,” says the legal eagle.
“If I had a such client, I would immediately make a motion to the court to have a hearing to determine Cosby’s ability to assist meaningfully in his own defense.”
And in another explosive revelation, Edwards says BioAcoustic — which uses a computer code to diagnose medical issues from a person’s voice — also discovered the disgraced 79-year-old Cosby could be hiding a secret brain injury.
PHOTOS:Latest Statement: Gloria Allred Deposed Bill Cosby For Seven Hours In Playboy Mansion Sexual Assault Case, Reveals Plans To Release Transcript!
He may have damage to crucial “GABA receptors” instrumental to the ability to process ­information and thought, says Edwards.
“Our tests are showing Cosby’s brain is like a house without windows or doors,” Edwards says. “Little to nothing is coming in or out.”
The totally disgraced monster, who has been accused of drugging and sexually attacking dozens of gals when they became unconscious, may have had “the injury for decades and doesn’t even know it,” says Edwards.
PHOTOS: Janice Dickinson Stays Silent Over Bill Cosby Lawsuit
“A childhood trauma, a fall in more recent years as he’s aged. There’s no way to know for sure. We don’t even know if he knows. It’s something only an MRI or CAT scan could confirm!”
The stunning revelations came as Cosby’s criminal trial began in suburban Philadelphia.
He’s accused of doping his former protégée Andrea Constand, then 30, with a trio of blue-colored “Mickey Finns” inside his mansion in 2004 — and subjecting her to unspeakable depravity.
PHOTOS:Bill Cosby Spotted At Court As Sexual Assault Case Begins
Cosby has tried to weasel out of the sexual assault rap by insisting it was consensual.
But lawyer Allen says the creep could dodge justice due to his brain issues.
“Prosecution and defense psychiatrists would evaluate his condition and depending on their findings, the judge could order him into a hospital, or even back to his home in Massachusetts without a trial, to live out the remainder of his days,” notes Allen.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n