Addiction Secret! Demi Moore Attended AA Meetings After ‘80s Rehab Stint/n
Demi Moore has struggled with substance abuse issues throughout her career – and her One Summer Night co-star is revealing more details about her recovery! RadarOnline.com can exclusively expose an excerpt from her former co-star Curtis Armstrong’s tell-all book.
Moore, 54, went to rehab for drug and alcohol abuse before filming the 1985 flick St. Elmo’s Fire.
She continued her treatment by attending AA meetings while filming the 1986 romance One Crazy Summer.
PHOTOS: Demi Who? Tobey Maguire Makes Out With Mystery Woman
Armstrong explained how they became “buddies” while on set, as her relationship with then-boyfriend Emilio Estevez was “rocky.”
“We had dinners, went to movies – she even took my sister to AA meetings when she was in town for a visit,” Armstrong wrote in Revenge of the Nerd. “It was nice having a calm, normal, platonic relationship with a woman on set.”
When Moore asked him to meet in her room one night, he thought she would confess her feelings for him.
“I took a quick shower, brushed my teeth, dressed and passed across her room, my heart pounding,” he wrote. “I never considered myself an attractive man, certainly not to someone like Demi. But attraction is a complex and unpredictable quality.”
PHOTOS: Fears For Demi! Moore Can’t Hide Dramatic Weight Loss & Scary Skinny Face
Unfortunately for Armstrong, Moore asked him to teach her about the Central American war since she has been asked about it during interviews and was uninformed on the topic.
Her rehab stint was only the beginning of her addiction issues.
In 2007, her ex-husband Bruce Willis admitted they endured addiction-related problems throughout their marriage.
In 2012, she was hospitalized after suffering an epileptic seizure from alleged drug use.
PHOTOS: Demi Moore Makes Wacky Faces After Admitting She Lost Her Front Teeth
“She smoked something. It’s not marijuana, but it’s similar to incense and she seems to be having convulsions of some sort,” her friend said in the 911 call, adding that she appeared to be barely conscious.
Moore reportedly checked into a rehab in Sundance, Utah that year.
Are you surprised by her AA meetings secret? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n