 Rebounding Well? Beyoncé & Jay Z Put On United Front Courtside At Nets Game Following.../n
The chatter Tuesday continued to center around Solange’s May 5 post-Met Gala assault on Jay-Z inside an elevator at New York City’s Standard Hotel as Beyonce idly stood by. With that, we’ve got all the latest developments in the incident, and the fallout.
Inside The Elevator
With rampant speculation over what precipitated the attack, one insider told US Magazine that “Solange flipped out over something Jay had said, that she took the wrong way … she took it too hard or too far. Not sure what it was, but she greatly overreacted.” Beyonce, a different source told the magazine, “does not approve of violence,” and in turn, “tried to stay out of it.”
PHOTOS: Bey & Jay-Z Catch The Nets After Pizza Blow-Up
The Storm After The Storm?
A new Gawker report, citing an eyewitness, claims that the super couple dined at Roberta’s pizza in New York Sunday, a meal that ended acrimoniously when the Destiny’s Child lead singer abruptly “stormed out;” could the lingering tension over Solange have contributed to the strife?
PHOTOS: Actors Who Can Sing
Rebounding Well
Despite the widespread release of the damning footage, the first couple of hip-hop didn’t look disappointed as they took in Monday evening’s NBA game between the Brooklyn Nets and Miami Heat which the latter team, led by LeBron James, claimed by a score of 102 to 96. “They are trying to put the situation past them now,” according to an US source.
Candid Camera
After the silent video of the embarrassing celebrity skirmish leaked online, reps for the upscale hotel said they were “shocked and disappointed that there was a clear breach of our security system” in allowing the footage of the 27-year-old second fiddle attacking the 44-year-old hip-hop king to go public. Hotel officials said they’re “investigating with the utmost urgency the circumstances surrounding the situation,” and vowed to “discipline and prosecute the individuals involved to our fullest capacity.”
Drug Addiction, Steamy Affairs & A Hidden Love Child: Beyonce & Jay Z’s Top 30 Most Shocking Secrets & Scandals
Temper Temper
The Jigga-man’s not the only one to feel Solange’s wrath as of late, as renowned fashion designer Rachel Roy got on her bad side earlier in the day, the NY Post reports. An insider said that “Solange had too much to drink and was out of it by the time the performances started after the dinner at the Met Ball,” noting that “she was dancing like a crazy person.” Another insider told the paper that a “belligerent” Solange was “like a pressure cooker waiting to explode” when she crossed paths with Roy, 40. A separate insider told US that the “Single Ladies” singer “got in the middle of” her sister’s skirmish with the 40-year-old designer, who, ironically, she went to the annual consume ball with back in 2012.
We’ll keep you updated on the latest in this story, right here on Radar. /n