 Farrah Abraham’s Father Reveals Details Of Rape ‘Trauma:’ ‘It’s A Challenge’.../n
Farrah Abraham was allegedly raped after she appeared in the sex tape Farrah Superstar: Backdoor Teen Mom – and her father reveals the trauma continues to haunt her today. After confessing the scandal on Twitter, Michael Abraham gave more details on the rape exclusively to RadarOnline.com.
“The rape trauma was during the time she sold the sex tape video to Vivid,” he told Radar. “She was doing appearances at clubs.”
Although the Teen Mom OG star previously accused her sex tape co-star James Deen of raping her, her father refused to name the attacker.
“Any time a person is raped, it’s wrong,” he said. “When a person says no and there is no consent, that is rape period!”
PHOTOS: Evolution Of Farrah Abraham — How She Went From Teen Mom To XXX Star
Michael claims his abandonment of Farrah when he was having marital issues with his now-ex-wife Debra Danielsen and their physical abuse towards Farrah contributed to the trauma.
“She doesn’t want to fail, even though it’s being human, the trauma is what keeps pushing her to try to do better,” he said. “She’s impatient and makes mistakes, but the trauma is what made her very independent and extremely motivated.”
As Radar reported, Michael came to his daughter’s defense over Twitter when fans started mocking her.
“Mine comes from being a disabled VET for hearing loss… Farrah’s is from her trauma — shame on you for your judgement,” he tweeted.
PHOTOS: Teen Mom Porn Star Farrah Abraham’s Sex Book Seems True To Life
When a fan asked “what trauma,” he responded, “It was many things…fighting between her mom & father, Debra & her physical actions toward Farrah & her sister. Farrah was raped a few years ago.”
Farrah claimed in 2015 that she was “drugged and manipulated” by her sex tape co-star.
“I’ve learned and I need to admit [what happened] – this was conspired, this was a form of rape,” she said in an interview. “I was drugged and manipulated. He’s a disgusting person.”
No charges were ever filed against Deen and he denied the accusations against him.
Who do you believe? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n