But Wait, There’s More: Two New ‘American Horror Story’ Season 6 Teasers to Scramble Our Brains/n





                    The Theme for 'American Horror Story' Season 6 Has Already Been Revealed
                







Apparently, the theme of American Horror Story's upcoming season is sitting right under our very noses

 MORE >>





Okay, the folks at American Horror Story are now just messing with us big time… and probably laughing their asses off while they’re doing it.
FX released a pair of new teasers on Thursday (Aug. 18, 2016). The first one is called “Anthology” and quickly runs through promo images from the past AHS seasons. Then it ends with a montage of Season 6 promos so far, and watching them all together is both creepy AF and head-scratching.





The second teaser, called “The Harvest,” shows scary scarecrow “wheat” men stomping through a field, while a little girl walks behind them carrying a scythe. Grimace emoji.





Now, this might have something to do with Season 6 if we believe the rumors the series will be set in 16th century America and follow the infamous myth about the “Lost Colony” of Roanoke, Virginia. The colonial clothes the little girl is wearing could be a clue.
FX president John Landgraf has previously stated he, creator Ryan Murphy and marketing head Stephanie Gibbons are intentionally keeping details about Season 6 quiet so that everyone can experience the horror firsthand without any preconceived notions. Smart. Also aggravating.
He sent the Internet into sleuth mode when he said about the slew of weird and creepy promos, “One of them is accurate, the others are all misdirects…We just thought that would be a nice change…all I can say is there is a theme, a setting and a place, but were not going to reveal it.”
Sigh. Guess we’ll have to wait  to find out for sure when American Horror Story premieres Wednesday, September 14 on FX.


'American Horror Story: Hotel' Red Carpet Premiere








































20 Photos »


/n