2016 Academy Awards: Here’s All the Night’s Best Moments/n





                    2016 Academy Awards: Lady Gaga Stands with Rape Survivors in Powerful 'Til It Happens to You' Performance
                







Lady Gaga is now 3 for 3.

 MORE >>





Missed the big night? We’ve got all the highlights!

With the #OscarsSoWhite boycott in effect, a genre film (Mad Max: Fury Road) taking home an armload of statuettes, and Chris Rock reminding the whole world about his ferocious brand of comedy, this year’s Oscars was full of intrigue, reaction shots, and upsets. Here’s the best moments from the star-studded event.
As a black comedian emceeing the biggest awards show in Hollywood, which numerous African American industry insiders were skipping due to the lack of diversity in the acting categories, Chris Rock had a lot of pressure on him to broach the sensitive topic and still manage to be entertaining. 
Well, Rock did it in spades. He took a serious shot at Jada Pinkett Smith (“Jada boycotting the Oscars is like me boycotting Rihanna’s panties. I wasn’t invited!”) and her husband Will Smith (“Her man Will was not nominated for Concussion. I get it. You get mad. It’s not fair that Will was this good and didn’t get nominated. You’re right. It’s also not fair that Will was paid $20 million for Wild Wild West!”), while also stating that all this controversy is simply about equality. The comedian’s biting humor was a perfect fit this year.





 
Mad Max: Fury Road may not have claimed the more prestigious trophies of the night like Best Picture and Best Actor, but George Miller’s rollicking action masterpiece cleaned up, taking home the prize for Film Editing, Costume Design, Makeup and Hairstyling, Sound Mixing, Sound Editing and Production Design. Whew!
 
This #OscarsSoWhite joke is so good, it shouldn’t be explained too much. We have just two words for you: Tracy Morgan. Enjoy!





All the tracks up for Best Original Song are worth checking out, but we gotta give a shoutout to The Weekend and Lady Gaga for their equally amazing performances. Sadly, neither won…Sam Smith took the prize for “Writing’s on the Wall” of the Spectre soundtrack.





Mark Rylance may not be a household name but he managed to unseat fan favorite, Sylvester Stallone, for the Best Supporting Actor Oscar for his role in Steven Spielberg’s film Bridge of Spies.


2016 Academy Awards: Worst Dressed








































10 Photos »


Speaking of upsets, Spotlight managed to walk away with the top prize of the night despite widespread certainty that either The Revenant or The Big Short had it sewn up. The drama, which centers on a real team of journalists working for the Boston Globe who uncovered corruption in the management of sexual offenses against children in the Catholic church, also won for Best Original Screenplay Oscar.
Oh, and in case you didn’t know LEO DICAPRIO WON! HE WON! HE ACTUALLY WON! Prepare yourself for at least a week of getting pelted with happy Leo GIFs and memes from just about everywhere.





Here’s the full winners list…
Check out all of our 2016 Oscars red carpet coverage with our arrivals roundup, our picks for best dressed and worst dressed, and individual Academy Awards red carpet arrival features on Brie Larson, Mindy Kaling, Alicia Vikander, Sam Smith, Sofia Vergara, Saoirse Ronan, Rooney Mara, Eddie Redmayne, Lady Gaga, Kerry Washington, Chrissy Teigen, Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet, Jennifer Lawrence, Heidi Klum, Rachel McAdams and Charlize Theron.


2016 Academy Awards: Show Highlights








































66 Photos »


/n