New Music Friday: Katy Perry Drops ‘Swish Swish’ with Nicki Minaj, But Ruby Rose Isn’t a Fan/n





                    Miley Cyrus Says Katy Perry's 'I Kissed a Girl' Is About Her
                







O rly?

 MORE >>





Orange Is the New Black actress Ruby Rose shared some commentary about Katy Perry after she released “Swish Swish,” her new single with Nicki Minaj, on Friday (May 19, 2017).

Rose, who is also a friend of Perry’s ex-friend, Taylor Swift, openly criticized Perry’s new music on Twitter.
“’Purposeful poop’ to ‘bomb a petit’ to a sloppy mess of writing over the top of Funkagenda..stop trying to make ‘Wit..I mean ‘fetch’ happen,” Rose wrote in a tweet.
This opened up a heated dialogue between Rose and fans of both Perry and Minaj. Rose noted that Nicki is “great” on the track and is “basically the only part that doesn’t sound a mess,” later adding that she previously went on tour with her.
“She was very nice,” she said of Minaj. “Very funny and very talented.”
Rose went on to criticize Perry for “rebranding as a political activist” only to remove the title and produce a song with lyrics such as, “Funny my name keeps comin’ outcho mouth/ ‘Cause I stay winning.”


I just think with everything going on in the world to go from rebranding as political activist only to ditch it and go low.. is.. a bummer.
— Ruby Rose (@RubyRose) May 19, 2017



I've always stood up for the people I love and against things I think are cheap or mean spirited. That's not new. You have to follow your ❤️
— Ruby Rose (@RubyRose) May 19, 2017

When a Twitter user asked Rose if she was against Swift’s song “Bad Blood” based on her previous tweets, Rose responded, “Wasn’t around sweetheart but my bully experiences came from one of the people involved in that song and it’s obviously not T.”

via GIPHY


Taylor Swift and Her Super Squad Gather in NYC








































23 Photos »


Listen to “Swish Swish” at the top of the page and check out new releases below, including “Crying in the Club” by Camila Cabello and “Strip That Down” by Liam Payne and Quavo.


/n