Graphic Details Exposed! Toby Willis Had FOUR Victims In Child Rape Case/n
[WARNING: Graphic details below]
Toby Willis was sentenced to 40 years in jail after being charged with four counts of child rape. Now, RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal more disturbing details from the shocking case.
In court papers obtained from the Circuit Court For Cheatham County, Willis was charged with four counts of child rape on March 2017.
READ THE BOMBSHELL COURT DOCUMENTS! 
“Toby Willis on or about January 1, 2002 through December 31, 2002 did unlawfully, knowingly and feloniously sexually penetrate a person less than 13 years old,” the papers read of the victim, who was around 10-years-old at the time.
For the second count, he “sexually penetrated” a second victim, who was around 9-years-old at the time, on or about January 1, 2004 through December 31, 2004.
PHOTOS: Pamela Anderson Reveals Rape, Molestation and Gang Rape During Charity Foundation Speech
He was then charged with a third count for sexually penetrating a 12-year-old on or about February 1, 2013 through February 28, 2013.
For the fourth and final count, he sexually penetrated an 8-year-old on or about January 1, 2011 through December 21, 2011.
As Radar previously reported, The Willis Family star was arrested on September 9, 2016 for the rape of an underage female 12 years ago.
He was picked up by the Greenville Police Department in Kentucky at 3:55pm after fleeing from Tennessee to evade arrest.
On July 11, he pled guilty to the charges and received two 25-year sentences on two counts and two 40-year sentences on the other two. The sentences will be served concurrently, resulting in a total of 40 years.
PHOTOS: ‘I Don’t Want To Die!’ Teen’s Brutal Rape & Murder Captured On Cell Phone
The family traveled the country as a singing group called The Willis Clan. They made the quarterfinals of America’s Got Talent in 2014 and landed a reality show on TLC, The Willis Family, for two seasons before it was canceled.
An attorney for the Willis family released in a statement, “The Willis family would like to thank the many members of law enforcement for their detailed and comprehensive investigation of this matter. Finally, the family would like to thank the District Attorney’s office for their diligence and sensitivity in the handling of this case. The family has remained fully cooperative throughout the investigation.”
The statement continued, “Although the criminal case has concluded with Toby Willis receiving 40 years for the crimes he committed, the impact on the victims will remain much longer. The family is appreciative and grateful that people have respected their need for privacy during this trying time and asks for continued respect as they seek to move forward.” 
Are you surprised he had four victims? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n