Mommyhood for Maggie Gyllenhaal/n
The stork delivery came early for Maggie Gyllenhaal and Peter Sarsgaard. The indie movie darlings welcomed daughter Ramona in New York Tuesday night, the actress' publicist confirmed. "Mom, dad and baby are healthy and happy," Amanda Silverman told E! News. The baby's vital statistics were not divulged. While both mom and dad have remained characteristically quiet about the details of the pregnancy, it's believed Ramona was born a full two weeks before the Secretary star was due to give birth. According to the New York Daily News, Gyllenhaal, 28, was rushed to the hospital around 8 p.m. Tuesday after going into early labor. Her fiancé was by her side and the duo became first-time parents very soon after. The camera-ready couple first announced they were expecting last April, when they doubled their press release pleasure by also spilling the news that they were engaged. Gyllenhaal told the Los Angeles Daily News last month that she and Sarsgaard, 35, would tie the knot "at some point," thought there's "nothing planned yet." "I certainly will take some kind of break," she added. "But I'm really trying not to anticipate what it will be like to have a newborn baby. I have no idea, and I'm going to wait and see how it feels, really make decisions when I know more about being a mother than I know now." The workaholic Gyllenhaal can definitely use some down time. She has released three films in the past two months, the drug-themed family drama Sherrybaby, which is garnering her Oscar buzz, as well as Oliver Stone's World Trade Center, Sherrybaby and the indie dramedy Trust the Man. As for Sarsgaard, he recently finished shooting the dramas Year of the Dog, with Molly Shannon and Laura Dern, and The Mysteries of Pittsburgh, opposite Sienna Miller. It looks like he's taking some paternity leave--according to IMDb.com, he has no other projects in the works. The couple have been together for nearly four years after meeting on the set of Steven Soderbergh's 2003 low-budget (and never-released) drama, In God's Hands. Though, clearly, the experience wasn't a total bust. 
/n