Cheating Scandal Explodes! Kevin Hart’s Explosive Divorce Papers REVEALED/n
Is a second divorce on the way for Kevin Hart? After the comedian was busted cheating on his pregnant wife Eniko Parrish with another woman earlier this month, RadarOnline.com is exposing his explosive divorce papers from his tumultuous first marriage!
In court papers obtained from Los Angeles Superior Court, Kevin, 38, filed for divorce from his ex-wife Torrei on January 11, 2011.
READ THE BOMBSHELL DIVORCE FILE!
The comedian, who married Torrei in May 2003, cited irreconcilable differences. He asked the court terminate her right to request spousal support. He also requested joint custody of their two children Heaven and Hendrix.
But Torrei fought back in her declaration, as she accused him of lying about their separation date!
“I contend that we separated December 2, 2010, while Kevin contends that we separated on February 5, 2010,” the papers filed on January 24, 2010 read. “On or about February 5, 2010, Kevin was out of town on tour but he did not tell me that he wanted to remain separated from me and not be married to me any longer until December 2, 2010.”
She also asked for sole legal and physical custody of their children.
PHOTOS: George Clooney & Julia Roberts ‘Involved In Cheating Scandal’ – Amal Reportedly Demands Divorce!
“Given his schedule and history of limited interest and involvement in major decisions, it is not practical at this time to have joint physical custody and I do not believe that it is in the best interest of our children,” the filing read.
She also requested a third-party not be allowed to watch the children during overnights, as he has “gone out at night and had a babysitter look after the children” in the past.
The Get Hard star was ordered to pay Torrei an equalization payment of $175,000.
The parties were granted joint legal custody of their two children, with Kevin paying $19,785 a month in child support.
PHOTOS: Drugs, Cheating & Divorce Shockers: Jay Z & Beyonce’s Marriage Claims To Be Exposed In Juicy Tell-All
Their marriage was just as nasty as their divorce, as Kevin admitted to getting into physical fights with his wife in his book You Can’t Make This Up: Life Lessons.
“The fight continued all the way back to the house, each word a weapon aimed at a specific wound,” he wrote. “What soon followed was one of the lowest points I have ever hit, and it fills me with an amount of shame that’s beyond words… At one point, Torrei spit on me. I let loose a volley of curses at her, and she lunged at me. Next thing I knew, I looked up and I had scratches all over my neck and head, and she had a red, swelling mark on her face.”
He also admitted to cheating on her throughout their marriage.
“I denied seeing other women to Torrei, I actually believed what I was saying,” he penned. “The facts are: I am doing a show. None of my side b*****s are coming to that particular show. This is because I invited three random women I met online. I was the one cheating, lying, leading a double life.”
PHOTOS: Nastiest Hollywood Divorces Dragged Through The Legal System
Radar exclusively exposed a video of Kevin cheating on his current wife with another woman on July 3 outside of his Miami Beach hotel in a Lexus sedan.
“It’s obvious they were up to no good,” a source told Radar. “She kept looking over her shoulder, and Kevin was pop-eyed when another guest walked by.”
Do you think Parrish will stay with him? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n