Chris Cornell Death Report Reveals If Drugs Really Killed Him/n
WARNING: GRAPHIC DETAILS
Chris Cornell’s tragic death “was caused by hanging,” but the singer had a deadly mix of drugs in his system at the time, the post-mortem and toxicology reports exclusively obtained by RadarOnline.com reveal.
The Soundgarden frontman had a lethal mix of benzos, barbiturates and amphetamines in his system, but it was the hanging that killed him, according to the documents released in his death.
“It is my opinion that death was caused by hanging,” the Post Mortem Report, prepared by Theodore Brown, M.D., Assistant Medical Examiner in Wayne County about the singer’s May 18, 2017, death states.
PHOTOS: The Curse Of Reality TV — 30 Reality Stars Who Died From Murder, Suicide, Overdoses & More
“The autopsy was most significant for a ligature furrow mark of the neck, congestion of the head and neck above the ligature furrow mark, … all consistent with hanging, partially suspended by the resistance exercise band,” The Post Mortem Report states.
The report also detailed the “Evidence of Injury – Hanging,” stating: “A circumferential ligature furrow mark was around the neck.”
The Mark “was dry, red-purple, and had areas of pallor.”
PHOTOS; George Michael’s Ex Kenny Goss Will Play Major Role During The Funeral
“There were no other injuries or any diseases present that contributed to death,” states the report.
According the revealing document, “Postmortem toxicology detected butalbital, lorazepam, pseudoephedrine and its metabolite norpseudoephedrine, caffeine, and naloxone in the decedent’s blood. These drugs did not contribute to the cause of death.”
Cornell was cremated and his remains were buried at the Hollywood Forever Cemetery on May 26, 2017 as his wife, Vicky Cornell, his three children, and friend like Brad Pitt and Dave Grohl celebrated his life.
Story developing.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n