Miley's Lost Pooch? B**ch, Please!!/nIt all sounded a little too pat. The always perfect Miley Cyrus on the hunt for a lost dog, looking perfect with the perfect happy ending. Only thing is -- we're just not buying it.Miley's aunt supposedly lost the pooch and Miley sprung into action. But who spends all that time creating elaborate poster art when there's a dog running lose on the street? And watch the video -- do they really look worried or is it just bad acting worthy of  "Hannah Montana? "Sorry, Miley. Not buyin' it. If you've got a lost dog on your hands, you get your a$$ out there and you find that damn thing! You don't doctor up a bunch of decorative art student projects and hope it finds its way back. You said it yourself, the dog has one-inch legs, how far could it have gone?But the kicker? Who jettisons a dog you just found in the street to go to the Ivy? Really?    Lara Flynn Boyle Is Lookin' Swell  We know Diddy doesn't go by Puffy anymore -- someone else has that title.WTF happened to Lara Flynn Boyle? Has someone been injecting silicone used to lubricate auto parts into her too?!     Matt Leinart Bongs Like a Mutha  Arizona Cardinals QB Matt Leinart has gained the strength and endurance to hang out with ... chicks in a hot tub!TheDirty.com got this photo of Mattie boy partying it up in AZ with chicks and beer bongs. But here's the deal. He parties hard, but we're told Matt is also a really good dad. He flies home from wherever he is to see his kid, and is even in an ongoing fight with baby mama Brynn Cameron for more custody.Party on, dude!    Oprah Kingpin Was Mental Over Dental  TV titan Roger King's wife, Raemali, is suing his former dentist for faulty bridgework -- by the way, King is also dead.So why, you ask, would the widow of the King World empire (yes, as in  "Oprah ") sue a tooth jockey? According to the lawsuit, Raemali King claims Dr. Deborah Davis held a drill to Roger's head and it was all about money. According to the Palm Beach Post, Raemali claims Dr. Deb wouldn't complete Rog's bridgework unless he forked over extra cash. Raemali says Roger suffered  "physical and emotional injuries " that deprived her of his  "support and services. " So let's get this straight ... the guy who put  "Wheel of Fortune " and  "Jeopardy " on the map wouldn't pay his dentist bill. Holy molar!We talked to Dr. Davis' office, and they weren't aware of any lawsuit.    Dorothy Hamill: 'Memba Her?!  In 1976, Dorothy Hamill became famous for winning the gold medal in women's figure skating at the Innsbruck Olympic Games. A hairstyle was born. Guess what she looks like now!/n