WATCH: Broadway Stars Sing ‘What the World Needs Now Is Love’ for Orlando/n





                    Authorities Reveal Names of Orlando Shooting Victims
                







Say their names

 MORE >>





Broadway all-stars and other A-listers like Lin-Manuel Miranda, Idina Menzel, Kristen Bell, Sarah Jessica Parker, and many more have come together for a special tribute song, “Broadway for Orlando.”

In honor of the victims of the Orlando, Florida shooting at gay nightclub Pulse in the early hours of June 12, dozens of performers joined together on June 15 to sing Burt Bacharach and Hal David’s “What the World Needs Now Is Love.”


Meet the Cast of Broadway's Hit Musical, 'Hamilton'	








































10 Photos »


49 people lost their lives at Pulse, in what is now the worst mass shooting in U.S. history. It was also an act targeted directly at the LGBTQ community.
SiriusXM Radio host Seth Rudetsky and his husband, producer James Wesley, organized the performance, and the song was recorded at Avatar Studios in New York.
Rudetsky told People, “The Broadway community was so terribly shaken and devastated by the horrific tragedy in Orlando. Everyone wanted to do something as quickly as possible that would truly make a difference.”





Watch the video above for “Broadway in Orlando,” performed in conjunction with Playbill at Avatar Studios. All sale proceeds will benefit the LGBT Center of Central Florida.
Buy the song on iTunes and on Broadway Records.
Here’s the full list of singers who participated: Sara Bareilles, Kristen Bell, Wayne Brady, Matthew Broderick, Andréa Burns, Ann Hampton Callaway, Liz Callaway, Len Cariou, Paul Castree, Michael Cerveris, Joshua Colley, Lilla Crawford, Carmen Cusack, Darius de Haas, Fran Drescher, Gloria Estefan, Christopher Fitzgerald, Kimiko Glenn, Whoopi Goldberg, Renée Elise Goldsberry, Joel Grey, Sean Hayes, Heather Headley, Nina Hennessy, Megan Hilty, James Monroe Iglehart, Bill Irwin, Carole King, Judy Kuhn, Nathan Lane, Anika Larsen, Jennifer Lewis, Zachary Levi, Jose Llana, Rebecca Luker, Andrea Martin, Audra McDonald, Idina Menzel, Janet Metz, Lin-Manuel Miranda, Brian Stokes Mitchell, Jessie Mueller, Donna Murphy, Rosie O’Donnell, Kelli O’Hara, Rory O’Malley, Orfeh, Sarah Jessica Parker, Rosie Perez, Bernadette Peters, Billy Porter, Alice Ripley, Chita Rivera, Keala Settle, Kate Shindle, Jennifer Simard, Will Swenson, Rachel Tucker, Tommy Tune, Jonah Verdon, Lillias White, Marissa Jaret Winokur, B.D. Wong and Tony Yazbeck.


'Hamilton' the Musical Visits Barack Obama at the White House	








































9 Photos »


/n