 Steve Harvey's Nightmare: Daughter's Fiancé Is Fame-Hungry Heartbreaker, His Ex Claims.../n
Steve Harvey‘s daughter is set to marry a fame-hungry heartbreaker! That’s the claim of soccer star Memphis Depay‘s ex, who says he dumped her to live the life of a celebrity.
In January 2016, Depay went public with Steve’s daughter Lori, 20. Almost immediately, his ex, Khalisa El Har erupted on Instagram.
“I have been quiet for over a year because i thought you deserved joy in life,” she wrote in an explosive rant. “But today I speak my heart out because what you have done to me has hurt me in a way I never expected from you.”
PHOTOS: Claims & More! Steve Harvey’s Most Shocking Scandals Exposed
The time they were together “was the most successful year of your career,” she continued in the since-deleted rant. “I prayed for you to gain success and achieve all you ever dreamed of. Once your dreams came true … you left the country and received your fame. You forgot me and I let you. I felt so lied to while I gave you all my trust.”
She blasted Depay, “You left me heartbroken, left without any explanation, exchanged me with your favorite celebs list like I never existed. You are the worst lie a woman can ever go through in her life. I feel sorry for everyone who still believes in you.”
More than a year later, El Har told Radar exclusively that she still feels burned, but is trying to move on.
PHOTOS: The Duggars, Duck Dynasty & More: 20 Squeaky-Clean Stars Whose Dirty Secrets Were Exposed
“I do not want any part of” helping to get “publicity” for Lori and Depay, she wrote in an email from the Netherlands.
“I wrote that letter to vent and end my chapter with Memphis and I have moved on peacefully,” she claimed.
“Now they are engaged, I wish them all the good luck and blessings and I do not want the past to take their shine away.”
PHOTOS: Steve Harvey Fights To Save Career Amid Scandals
“His new chapter in life deserves all the love and happiness.”
For his part, Steve seems convinced that Depay, 23, is Lori’s Prince Charming. He wrote on Twitter Monday, “This young man is a good one!”
Do you think Lori is headed for heartbreak? Let us know in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n