Melissa Rivers Reaches Settlement in Malpractice Lawsuit Over Joan Rivers' Death Melissa Riversmalpractice lawsuit has come to a close. E! News confirms that the celeb has reached a settlement in the legal case involving the New York Ci.../n
Melissa Riversmalpractice lawsuit has come to a close.E! News confirms that the celeb has reached a settlement in the legal case involving the New York City endoscopy clinic which treated her late mother Joan Rivers prior to her death.In a statement obtained by E! News on Thursday, Melissa said, "In accepting this settlement, I am able to put the legal aspects of my mother's death behind me and ensure that those culpable for her death have accepted responsibility for their actions quickly and without equivocation."Rivers added, "Moving forward, my focus will be to ensure that no one ever has to go through what my mother, Cooper and I went through and I will work towards ensuring higher safety standards in out-patient surgical clinics. I want to express my personal gratitude to my legal team for their wise counsel and prompt resolution of this case."



Jon Furniss/WireImage

Furthermore, Rivers' legal counsel released the following statement: "While we know that no amount of money will compensate Melissa Rivers and her son Cooper for their loss, we are pleased that the case has been resolved. We worked tirelessly to ensure that appropriate compensation was paid on behalf of those responsible for Joan Rivers' death."In keeping with Melissa's wishes, we will continue to work with the Rivers' family to ensure that appropriate safeguards and higher safety standards are put into effect in all ambulatory surgery centers to protect the health, safety and well-being of all patients and to prevent such a tragedy from ever happening again.We have agreed to keep the terms of the settlement confidential to make certain that the focus of this horrific incident remains on improved patient care and the legacy of Joan Rivers."Terms of the settlement were not disclosed.

In January 2015, Melissa filed a lawsuit against the clinic, where Joan stopped breathing while undergoing a medical procedure.The comedienne died in September 2014 after undergoing a throat procedure at the clinic. The medical examiner later determined that she had stopped breathing during the procedure and suffered fatal brain damage resulting from a lack of oxygen. She was 81."Filing this lawsuit was one of the most difficult decisions I've ever had to make," Melissa said in a statement released shortly after the news of the lawsuit went public."What ultimately guided me was my unwavering belief that no family should ever have to go through what my mother, Cooper and I have been through. The level of medical mismanagement, incompetency, disrespect, and outrageous behavior is shocking and frankly, almost incomprehensible."The Fashion Police executive producer and co-host continued, "Not only did my mother deserve better, every patient deserves better. It is my goal to make sure that this kind of horrific medical treatment never happens to anyone again."
/n