Intermix Has a Ton of Cute Off-the-Shoulder Tops on Sale Right Now
/n

Off-the-shoulder tops are a total must-have this season. The chic silhouette comes in a ton of prints, from florals to gingham, making it a summertime staple. And if you’re looking to add this trend to your wardrobe, head over to Intermix right now where you can shop the cutest styles on sale for an extra 40 percent off already marked down prices. Styles from designers such as Caroline Constas, Elizabeth and James and Alexis are marked way down and going fast. That’s why we’ve rounded up 7 of the best shoulder-baring tops to snag before they’re gone.
Scroll down to shop these and more on sale now!
Bohemian White Top
Pair this ’70s inspired top with jeans or a flowy maxi.
Intermix
Buy It! Elizabeth and James top, $131 (orig. $295); intermixonline.com
Ruffle Bodysuit
This neutral tone bodysuit has a flirty feel thanks to the extra large ruffles.
Intermix
Buy It! Exclusive for Intermix Bodysuit, $101 (orig $250); intermixonline.com
Ruffle Sleeve Top
The ruffle sleeves bring even more attention to this flattering silhouette. Plus, the bold colored stripes are so much fun!

Buy It! Caroline Constas top, $191 (orig. $395); intermixonline.com
Eyelet Top
The ties at the sleeves and the eyelet detail this off-the-shoulder top give it a romantic bohemian vibe.

Buy It! Birds of Paradis top, $101 (orig. $235); intermixonline.com
Gingham Top
Gingham and ruffles make the perfect barbecue outfit combo.
Intermix
Buy It! Caroline Constas Top, $191 (orig. $395); intermixonline.com
Embroidered Top
We’re obsessed with the blue and white embroidery on this off the shoulder top. Wear it with white jeans for a nautical summer look.

Buy It! Alexis top, $173 (orig. $360); intermixonline.com
Floral Bodysuit
An off-the-shoulder floral bodysuit is the ultimate girls night out top.

Buy It! LPA bodysuit, $95 (orig. $198); intermixonline.com
Which off-the-shoulder styles are you scoring on sale at Intermix? Comment below and let us know!
/n