The Lonely Island’s New Comedy Pilot About Lonely Millenials Is Heading to Freeform/n





                    Instant Follow Friday
                







Andy Samberg and The Lonely Island Go Full Mockstars for 'Popstar'

 MORE >>





Comedy trio, band, and BFFs The Lonely Island have a new half-hour comedy pilot — that’s just gotten the greenlight from Freeform — called Alone Together. 

According to Deadline, “Alone Together follows two overlooked millennial misfits from different backgrounds as they try to make their way into the vain and status-obsessed culture of Los Angeles only to find salvation in their male/female strictly platonic friendship.”


Instant Follow Friday: Andy Samberg and The Lonely Island Go the Full 'Popstar'	








































40 Photos »


It will star Esther Povitsky (Lady Dynamite, Crazy Ex-Girlfriend) and Benji Aflalo (Not Safe with Nikki Glaser), who will also be writing and executive producing the pilot. Eben Russell will also write and executive-produce.
Karey Burke, EVP Programming and Development at Freeform, noted: “This is a fiercely funny look at young adults who are unapologetically themselves while blazing their own paths, which fits nicely into the tradition already set by our current slate.”
Alone Together is Freeform’s second pilot order after Issues, a scripted series inspired by the life of Joanna Coles (editor of Cosmopolitan magazine). It also follows the renewal of Baby Daddy and new series’ Famous in Love, Marvel’s Cloak and Dagger, and Bachelor spinoff Ben and Lauren: Happily Ever After. 
Lonely Island (aka Andy Samberg, Jorma Taccone and Akiva Schaffer) released their first movie together, Popstar: Never Stop Never Stopping, a mockumentary about a pop star, last month. They also executive produce Fox’s new Saturday night sketch-comedy series Party Over Here, launched in March.
Povitsky and Aflalo wrote, starred in, and self-produced the 20-minute short film “Alone Together” in 2015, available on Vimeo.



10 Things You Didn't Know About Andy Samberg	








































10 Photos »


/n