Johnny Depp’s Private Emails About Money Problems Leaked/n





                    Johnny Depp Unexpectedly Performs in 'Pirates' Ride at Disneyland
                







"He looks so real!"

 MORE >>










                    Johnny Depp's $2 Million a Month Lifestyle Is Absolutely Absurd
                







What?!?

 MORE >>





It seems Johnny Depp was aware of his debts all along.

Amid his multi-million dollar lawsuit against his former business managers for allegedly mismanaging his bank account, the actor’s private emails have been released as evidence that shows he did know about money problems. Contrary to Johnny’s claim that he wasn’t aware of his dire financial situation until earlier this year, an email written by the 54-year-old in December 2009 suggests he wasn’t ready to curb his lavish spending habits despite his managers’ warning about depleting funds.
“[I] am doing my best with holiday spending, but there is only so much I can do, as I need to give my kiddies and [family] as a good Christmas as possible, obviously within reason,” he wrote in an email obtained by The Hollywood Reporter, explaining he will not stop using private planes as a mode of transportation. “I don’t have all that many options at the moment. A commercial flight with paparazzi in tow would be a f**king nightmare of monumental proportions.”
“What else can I do??? You want me to sell some art??? I will,” he continued. “I got bikes, cars, property, books, paintings and some semblance of a soul left. Where would you like me to start???”


Inside Johnny Depp's $12.78 Million Los Angeles Penthouse








































21 Photos »


In the email, he also pointed to his upcoming film projects as a monetary solution — including earning $20 million for The Tourist, $35 million for Pirates Of The Caribbean: On Stranger Tides, and $20 million for Dark Shadows. “I don’t like being in this situation, but there wasn’t a whole lot of choice, as The Rum Diary was a sacrifice we knew would be happening and the last proper paycheck was Public Enemies,” Johnny penned.
In a 2010 email correspondence between the actor, his sister Christi Dembrowski, and The Management Group’s Joel Mandel, Johnny was also warned he was “almost $4,000,000 overdrawn.”
As previously reported, Johnny’s extravagant 17-year spending history included spending $18 million on a 150-foot yacht, $200,000 a month on private planes, $4 million on a failed start-up music label, $75 million to acquire, improve and furnish 14 residences, and over $3 million to blast the ashes of author Hunter Thompson from a custom-made cannon.
Last year, Johnny was named the most overpaid actor in the world for a second year in a row.


the Most Outrageous Celebrity Gifts ever!








































20 Photos »


/n