Jinger Duggar Reveals Only 5 Of Her 8 Sisters Get To Be Her Bridesmaids On A Wedding Dress-Centric Counting On! Get The Recap!/n

Someone report a kidnapping — because a Duggar has just been stolen away from the rest of the brood!!!
That's what was going through the heads of some of Jinger Duggar's sisters when the newlywed tried on wedding dresses on the return of Counting On: Jill and Jessa!
Monday night's return of the TLC reality series largely focused on the 23-year-old's quest to find the perfect wedding dress, and boy did Jinger have a long wish list of requirements before saying yes to the dress!
Video: Jill & Derick Give Info About Baby No. 2!
The bride-to-be also shared which of her sisters she wanted as her bridesmaids, casually naming off her wedding party members as the fam headed to Virginia to go dress shopping.
Noting there would be a modest 10 bridesmaids in total, Jinger sounded off the names of her sisters making the cut — including  Jana Duggar, Jill Dillard, Jessa Seewald, Joy-Anna Duggar, and Johannah Duggar.
Since other spots would be taken up by her childhood friends and her future sister-in-law, not every one of her Duggar sisters made the cut. Sorry, Josie, Jordyn-Grace, and Jennifer!
As the girls headed out the door, Jinger casually mentioned that Jessa would be her maid-of-honor. The titular Duggar was overjoyed, saying in an interview:

"I guess I kind of figured that would be the case. But I didn't want to expect it."
Speaking of expecting, Duggar husbands Derick Dillard and Ben Seewald got some practice raising multiple rugrats by babysitting babies Spurgeon and Israel while the women were out dress hunting.
Related: Jessa Celebrates Second Baby Shower With 130 Guests!
Jill and Jessa's counterparts met up with Jeremy Vuolo's dad to get advice on how to raise multiple kids at once. Jeremy's dad said that two kids weren't so bad, but THREE kids is where it gets tricky! (Advice that would make Jim-Bob and Michelle laugh all the way to the delivery room. Ha!)
Mr. Vuolo also advised Jessa's husband, who is expecting baby No. 2, not to compare one child to another, because everyone is made differently.
This wisdom was proving true back at the bridal salon, as Jinger was now on her third dress — each more elaborate than the one before. This dress, however, with a "massive" 12 foot train, was the gown she fell in love with and decided to get.
Seeing Jinger in the dress, Jessa burst into tears, saying to the camera:

"Jeremy's stealing her. What are we going to do with ourselves?"
Um… have more kids?
Related: Jim Bob & Michelle Granted Custody Of 8-Year-Old Nephew!
After the shopping trip, the fam reconvened at a local craft store to paint pictures for Jinger and Jeremy's upcoming nuptials. Not much of an artist, Jessa excused herself from the paint party to take care of Israel and Spurgeon — later admitting she just wanted to get out of the family activity.
As the boys were sleeping in their car seats, Jessa said looking after both was "good preparation" for raising two kids. It looks like she's still counting on a bright future of motherhood!
Did YOU think Jinger's final wedding dress pick was the right choice? Watch Counting On Mondays at 9 p.m. EST on TLC!
[Image via TLC.]
/n