Angelina Jolie’s Former Nanny: She’s “Killing Herself” with Work!/n
It’s that time of the week again when the celebrity weeklies hit the newsstands. To separate what’s real and rumor, we turned to our friends at Gossip Cop for the 411 on this week’s most controversial stories.

Angelina Jolie’s nanny tells OK! all about the issues the actress is having raising six children as a single mom following her breakup with Brad Pitt. The former caregiver reveals Jolie is “killing herself” and “barely has time to take care” of her own health. For more scoop on Jolie and how she’s struggling with her kids, go to Gossip Cop.
Prince William and Kate Middleton have been named England’s next king and queen, reveals Life & Style. The magazine notes Queen Elizabeth II feels they have the “energy and star quality to do the job,” and shares how she informed Prince Charles that he won’t be king. For details about the official announcement, see what Prince William and Middleton’s spokesperson tells Gossip Cop.
Julia Roberts and Richard Gere have developed a secret romance nearly 30 years after starring together in Pretty Woman, reports Star. The magazine reveals they’ve recently “met numerous times for discreet dinner dates” and now their “attraction toward each other is blatantly obvious to everyone.” For when they plan to go public, see what Gere’s rep admits to Gossip Cop.
Kelly Ripa may quit Live because Ryan Seacrest “betrayed” her by trying to get the show relocated to L.A. from New York, says the National Enquirer. Ripa is furious Seacrest wants to move “Live” out West to accommodate his schedule, and she’s told ABC she’s “ready to walk.” For how close Ripa is to leaving, click over to Gossip Cop.
Kris Jenner offered Lamar Odom $20 million to “scrap his upcoming memoir” that will expose the Kardashians’ secrets, reveals Star. The magazine says he has so many “incriminating details” that even $20 million is a “small price to pay” to keep him quiet. For whether he’ll accept Jenner’s check, and why he wants to “ruin the Kardashians,” see what Odom’s lawyer leaks to Gossip Cop.
/n