Wino's Dad - Amy's Death "Slow and Painful"/nTalk about being thrown under a bus ... by your own father: Amy Winehouse's dad says his baby girl could die  "a very slow and painful death. " "She won't die of a drug overdose, it won't be that quick, " says Mitch W., who's a driver, by the way, for Sky News.  "She would die, unfortunately, of emphysema ... if she didn't check her behavior, which she is doing. " Of course, TMZ showed you just yesterday how carefully she's checking her behavior.As for Amy's jailbird hubby Blake Civil-Fielder, Papa Wino says they're just going to enable each other, when he gets out. r   r A-Rod's Ex-Agent Back in the Game? r The guy who made Alex Rodriguez his first (hundreds of) millions could be back in the picture.Scott Boras, the superagent who negotiated A-Rod's first giant $250 million but was then dropped like a rock last year in favor of Guy Oseary, was in Toronto with A-Rod and wife Cynthia, reports the New York Daily News. It's unclear what he was actually doing there, but a source says he has  "inserted himself in the equation. "Boras couldn't be reached for comment. r   r Slade -- His Own Worst Pimp r So Slade Smiley's pimping out his ex – Jo De La Rosa – for Bravo's reality show  "Date My Ex, " but he's the one who might need a pimp.At an event to unfurl the show, reports the Huffington Post, Slade stepped up to the auction block to solicit bids for a date with him, with proceeds going to charity. Only problem was, one woman who bid $2,250 ended up backing out, so they had to try again – and the next time he went for a paltry $1,200.  "This is New York, I thought there was more money than that, " Slade whined. Oh, there is. r   r Party Favors: Ballers Night in Miami ... Fabolous Does His Best Rasputin ... Bon Jovi Cupcaked in Beantown r While the guys with bats flocked to NYC, NBA stars were in Miami last night: TMZ spies tells us Lebron James and entourage popped into Phillippe Miami with Patrick Ewing, Michael Strahan, and Nicole Murphy also enjoying the Chow. ... Fabolous rapped it up Russian-style in Brooklyn at nightclub Rasputin until 3 am, we're told, his first time in one of those crazy Russian clubs. ... Before their big concert in Central Park on Saturday, Bon Jovi's Richie Sambora got a birthday made entirely out of customized purple cupcakes, we're told, by Boston's Sweet Cupcakes./n