The Real Housewives of Orange County Shocker: Lydia McLaughlin Reveals She Will Not Return for Season 9 And another one bites the dust. Well, we can't imagine that there's much dust in the sparkling homes of The Real Housewives of .../n
And another one bites the dust.Well, we can't imagine that there's much dust in the sparkling homes of The Real Housewives of Orange Country—but you get what we mean. After just one season on the smash Bravo hit, Lydia McLaughlin has announced that she will not be returning for the reality series' ninth season.  The Canadian native reveals that her departure from the show is "bittersweet" but she's ready to move on to the next chapter in her lavish life. "I compare it to breaking up with a boyfriend you know you're not going to end up with—it's hard, but overall you know you're doing the right thing," McLaughlin tells Us Weekly, who was the first to report the news.

The 32-year-old mother of two originally joined the show in season eight and has managed to stay out of the majority of last year's onscreen drama. She reveals that there is "no epic story" or argument that lead to her departure from the show. "I never wanted to make a career out of being a housewife. That's never really been a dream of mine," the magazine entrepreneur explains.Although she was "really flattered" that the producers asked her to stay on the series, McLaughlin says that she wants to focus on other business opportunities. "I want to build my brand outside of the Housewives."She continues, "I've always been really honest with the producers about that. I knew that while I was filming it that I probably wasn't going to be doing it again."McLaughlin is the third housewife to leave RHOC after Gretchen Rossi and Alexis Bellino reportedly were fired from the series and will not be appearing next season. A source tells E! News, "Neither will be returning for season nine. The feeling is both of their journeys on the show have come to an end," says our insider. "Bravo is constantly looking at the casting and dynamics and it felt like time for a change." So far it appears that Vicki Gunvalson, Tamra Barney and Heather Dubrow are the only three veteran housewives who will be appearing in season nine.Bravo has no comment on McLaughlin's departure.(E! and Bravo are both part of the NBCUniversal family.)
/n