Mitt Romney Vs. Barack Obama: Hollywood Weighs in on Final Debate/n





                    Crowe: Obama 'Is the Light'
                







Russell Crowe praised the POTUS on Twitter.

 MORE >>










                    VP Debate: Stars Sound Off
                







Find out what celebrities thought of the VP standoff. 

 MORE >>





 As Barack Obama and Mitt Romney met for their third and final presidential face-off on Monday night, Tinseltown went all a-Twitter.
During the 90-minute debate — moderated by the low-key Bob Schieffer at Lynn University in Boca Raton, Fla. — the candidates tackled foreign policy, from Libya, Iran and Pakistan to the military and budget cuts. As the president and the former Massachusetts governor touted their opposing stances — and veered off far from international affairs to delve into domestic policy — celebrities sounded off in the Twitterverse.
The mostly left-leaning Hollywood crowd — including the likes of Alec Baldwin, Lady Gaga, Eva Longoria and Rob Lowe — tweeted accolades for the Commander-in-Chief, who came out on the offensive in the contenders’ last contest. And while Romney was bashed by many, the Republican presidential hopeful collected his own commendations from outspoken conservatives like Elisabeth Hasselbeck and Donald Trump.
 

politically active stars








































9 Photos »



And of course, the stand-off spawned witty web memes and parody Twitter accounts — many of which were inspired by the more notable zinger of the night, “horse and bayonets.” After Romney bemoaned that the Navy will soon possess its smallest fleet since 1917, Obama bit back, citing the changing nature of warfare: “We also have fewer horses and bayonets.” On the morning after the debate, #horsesandbayonets was still going strong on Twitter, trending worldwide.
What kind of compliments, criticism and comedy did the debate spark amongst celebrity tweeters? Read on for a sampling of the stars who chimed in.
Omar Epps: Dude is talking out of both sides of his mouth. #horsesandbayonets
Donald Trump: Stop congratulating Obama for killing Bin Laden. The Navy Seals killed Bin Laden. #debate
Dane Cook: This is starting to feel like every breakup I’ve ever been through.
Aisha Tyler: Did Mitt just bash two successful innovative American car companies? #isthisreallife #debate
Cher: WOMEN, NEVER FORGET! ROMNEY & HIS PARTY WILL GUT YOUR RIGHTS LIKE A FISH ! HE IS A LIAR & U WILL LOOSE A BASIC RIGHT! 2 CONTROL UR OWN BODY
Lady Gaga: thought Romney’s foreign policy debate style was surprisingly weak, not knowledgable
Damian Lewis: Obama bossed Romney in the debate last night. Delighted.
Ann Coulter: I highly approve of Romney’s decision to be kind and gentle to the retard.
Jason Alexander: I say, I do not trust Mitt Romney. After 5 years of campaigning, his ideas are whatever will work today. No consistency. Lie after lie.
Christina Applegate: no secret that I am one of them hippie dippie liberal types. It’s just my core belief. But I’m not going to say who to vote for just vote!
Sophia Bush: If ‘attacking’ is calling mitt Romney on his shifting positions at EVERY TURN then please, attack.
Jesse Williams: We got to watch the #POTUS get stronger/faster w/ each debate while watching Romney crumple, smaller, thinner & louder w/ each debate.
Michael Skolnik: The President mentioned our veterans seven times tonight. Romney? Not once. #priorities #ProudofObama
Mia Farrow: “I have to tell you I was stunned.- Mitt Romney really scared me tonight.” John Kerry
Maggie Grace: “Mr Romney, the 80s called, they want their foreign policy back.” bring jv skills to a varsity game, ya get benched… #Romneynotready
Alec Baldwin: Point goes to Mitt that China is a currency manipulator
Elisabeth Hasselbeck: Is Obama moderating this #debate?
Joy Behar: Obama is on the attack like the last debate, throwing Willard’s words back in his face
Shannen Doherty: Blah blah blah…more of the same. Tired old song
Aziz Ansari: Hypothetical question, let’s say Israel calls you up and they say ‘we need all your hummus.’ What’s your move?”#BetterDebateQuestions
Eva Longoria: As foreign policy debate begins let’s say a prayer for all our troops home and abroad! God Bless our soldiers!
Sarah Silverman: I think we all love teachers #bobschafferforever
Rob Lowe: Good Lord can the moderator shut up???
Bill Maher: Shorter version of Romney: Me strong. Obama weak. Hulk smash.
John Legend: obama’s making it very hard for romney to disagree with him without sounding like a hawk. romney is basically saying ditto all night.
Kathy Griffin: I wish they would address the Armenian threat: the Kardashians.
Lindsay Lohan: Nice work to both @BarackObama and @mittromney… i’m so relieved that its over. Maybe more than both of you..severe anxiety-God Bless xo L
Chris Rock: Mitt Romney: America can’t afford 4 more years of Obama’s failed policies. It’s time to try Bush’s failed policies again. #debates
Aubrey O’Day: Romney is unclear, unprepared, and irresponsible. #debate2012
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n