Real Or Fake? Tom Hiddleston Spills The Shocking Truth Behind Hiddleswift!/n

It's been five months since Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split after their whirlwind, short-lived romance!
Finally, we're hearing what down with Hiddlewsift from the dapper British actor himself!
Speaking to GQ, the Night Manager star reaffirmed there's been no Bad Blood since their September split, and went on to defend their public relationship, which began when photogs caught them locking lips in Rhode Island.
Related: Lena Dunham Defends Taylor!
Slamming rumors the beautiful stars only got together for publicity, Tom declared:
"Taylor is an amazing woman. She's generous and kind and lovely, and we had the best time. Of course it was real."
Of course, that brought up the topic of the "I ♥ T.S." muscle tank he wore with the songstress at her annual Fourth of July party:
"The truth is, it was the Fourth of July and a public holiday and we were playing a game and I slipped and hurt my back. And I wanted to protect the graze from the sun and said, 'Does anyone have a T-shirt?' And one of her friends said, 'I've got this.' And we all laughed about it. It was a joke. It was a joke. Among friends."
And while still talking about the unforgettable tank top, it sounds like the 35-year-old was really hurt by the world picking apart their relationship: 
"I have to be so psychologically strong about not letting other people's interpretations about my life affect my life. A relationship exists between two people. We will always know what it was. The narratives that are out there altogether have been extrapolated from pictures that were taken without consent or permission, with no context. Nobody had the context for that story. And I'm still trying to work out a way of having a personal life and protecting it, but also without hiding. So the hardest thing is that that was a joke among friends on the Fourth of July… I just, I was surprised. I was just surprised that it got so much attention. The tank top became an emblem of this thing."
And though they both wanted a more private love life, that's just not the way it went down:
"I only know the woman I met. She's incredible. A relationship in the limelight… A relationship always takes work. A relationship in the limelight takes work. And it's not just the limelight. It's everything else. So we decided to go out for dinner, we decided to travel."
Oh, and meet each other's parents! Who could forget about that??
In the end, he doesn't regret a thing:
"You have to fight for love. You can't live in fear of what people might say. You know, you have to be true to yourself."
Aww!!!
Swifty may not want Hiddleston revealing the details behind their three-month fling, but it's sweet!
One more thing? Loki Tom has no plans to hide after how things went down with the blonde beauty:
"If you're under attack, if your values are under attack, if you're being shamed, if you're being humiliated, the animal response is to hide in the bush. It's to be less, to make yourself smaller, to diminish in size and volume. And the lesson of 2016 is we have to love more, we have to risk more, we have to be braver, we have to be more outspoken."
Alright, Perezcious readers, what do U think?
Sound OFF in the comments (below)!
[Image via Nathaniel Goldberg/GQ & Media Punch.]
/n