Were Married... With Children's Al and Peggy Bundy the Most Dysfunctional TV Couple Ever? Dysfunction: the condition of having poor and unhealthy behaviors and attitudes within a group of people. Make that "group" a couple and.../n
Dysfunction: the condition of having poor and unhealthy behaviors and attitudes within a group of people.Make that "group" a couple and—boom!—you've described how dozens upon dozens of duos relate to each other on TV.And we don't just mean the usual breakup-to-makeup antics, or constant teasing by one that's tolerated by the good nature of the other. We mean the kinds of companions who, should you find yourself in such a twosome, your friends would be on the horn staging an intervention, stat!(Ha, kidding. Good friends totally wouldn't stage an intervention. They'd patiently support you to your face, talk about you behind your back and then let loose with all the barbs and zingers they'd been keeping under wraps once you and the offending significant other break up, all for the sake of making you feel better. That is friendship.)From the obvious such as Chuck and Blair, Carrie and Big, and Fitz and Olivia, to the less obviously toxic (Ross and Rachel, FTW?), we've been watching couples of all ages engage in the most disturbing of behaviors since the dawn of TV time.

But none of the aforementioned couples were even married (at least not until much, much later). What of the Mr. and Mrs. couples who had actually agreed to till death did they part?And worse yet...have children?!

Married...With Children premiered 28 years ago on Fox and lasted 11 seasons. To this day it remains the network's longest-running live-action sitcom.But would it last even one season today? Would it even get greenlighted?Peggy and Al Bundy were so awful to each other, with Al never missing a chance to make a crack about how uninterested he was in his wife and Peg being ever content to remind him of how unimportant he is. He wants a home-cooked meal, she wants more sex and never did the twain meet. (Well, we remember some sex. We can't recall any food though.)

Neither of them ever cheated. It was the neighbor's husband who ran off. At any perceived slight to the family (minus his own slights, of course) Al was always ready to kick some ass. He and Peg mocked the world together, safely ensconced on the couch.Maybe the show wouldn't last now because every episode, for a good solid 22 minutes apiece, was more of the same. It was very much one note, a long-running sex/weight/selling-women's-shoes joke made interesting by some—particularly in hindsight—perfect casting, anchored by O'Neill's deadpan delivery and Sagal's whiny buoyancy.Back in 1987, though, Fox needed to take a risk and there was no one else like Al and Peg on TV at the time. And there have been plenty of imitators since, but no one could keep the joke going as long as they did.Dysfunctional? No doubt. But miserable? Peg and Al Bundy were having more fun being married, with children, than they would ever admit.Don't miss the final installment of E!'s Nostalgia Week with a look back at Married...With Children—including some amazing early interviews—tonight on E! News at 7 & 11 p.m.

Speaking of dysfunction, Katey Sagal talks Sons of Anarchy
/n