On Again! Inside Madonna & Sean Penn's Secret Hookups/n
Madonna and Sean Penn are back on and better than ever! Multiple insiders told RadarOnline.com that the latest round of their decades-long love affair is NOT a publicity stunt.
Madge fanned the flames when she made an indecent proposal to her ex-husband last week at a charity gala, claiming that she would remarry him if he forked over $150,000. But after the 56-year-old Oscar-winning actor accepted her offer, insiders told Radar that it wouldn’t even take that much!
“They are totally back on, for now and all of her friends think that he is the best thing in the world for her,” the insider told Radar.
As fans of the superstar singer know, Madonna and Penn were previously married for four years from 1985-1989.
“Madonna and Sean had a horrible divorce,” a source close to Madge said. “But he has always been in love with her.”
So when exactly did the two rekindle their romance?
According to the insider, “When Madonna was doing her ‘Rebel Heart’ tour, Sean came to a ton of shows and always sat in the front row. It was during the tour that the two first had sex again.”
PHOTOS: Can You Believe They Ever Got Together? The 29 Oddest Celebrity Couples Of All Time
“It is no secret that they each love to have flings with people half their age,” said source. “But after their steamy rendezvous during the tour, they kept in constant communication and eventually reconciled all of their drama from the divorce. Since then, the two have not stopped hooking up.”
Indeed, another source claimed that Penn has since dumped his much-younger gal pal, Leila D’Onofrio, 24.
And Madonna has never been happier.
“Madonna is very picky and gets bored extremely easily,” the first source told Radar. “She likes her men young and loves to be the bread winner, but with Sean she is not.”
PHOTOS: Madonna’s Shame! Alcoholic Brother CAUGHT Drinking At 10AM At Halfway House
As Radar previously reported, Penh’s overcome his own battle with addiction, and reached out his hand to help Madge’s 16-year-old son, Rocco Ritchie, after the youngster got arrested in London recently for possession of marijuana.
“Sean definitely helped Madonna get through to Rocco, as well as to her brother, Martin,” the source revealed. “Since he knows what addiction is all about, he wanted to make sure that she handled both of the situations the right way.”
Do you think that Madonna and Sean Penn should get married again? Tell us your thoughts below.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n