Will Smith & Alfonso Ribeiro SLAMMED By Former Co-Star For Reunion Snub/n
The original Aunt Vivian was snubbed from the Fresh Prince of Bel-Air reunion – and she isn’t letting her former co-stars get away with it! Janet Hubert blasted Alfonso Ribeiro, Will Smith and the rest of the cast.
“I know the media hoe Alphonso Ribero has posted his so called reunion photo,” the actress wrote on Facebook. “Folks keep telling me about it. He was always the a** wipe for Will. There will never be a true reunion of The Fresh Prince. I have no interest in seeing any of these people on that kind of level.”
She ended the rant with, “I am not offended in the least, by this photo. It was an event for Karen’s charity. It does however prompt me to take some meetings in Hollywood to pitch my memoir PERFECTION IS NOT A SITCOM MOM, and tell of the behind the scenes story before I leave this earth.”
PHOTOS: Will Smith Responds To $2M ‘Gay’ Cover-Up Scandal
The feud started when Ribeiro posted a photo with Smith, Tatyana Ali, Karyn Parsons, Daphne Reid and Joseph Marcell.
“Always amazing to spend an afternoon with my Fresh Prince family,” Ribeiro, 45, captioned the photo. “Wishing that James Avery was still with us to make this complete.”
Avery, who played Uncle Phil, passed away on December 2013 at the age of 86 following complications from open-heart surgery.
Hubert was the original Aunt Vivian until she was fired in 1993 and replaced with Reid.
PHOTOS: Jaden Smith’s Girlfriend Sarah Snyder Caught Up In Drug Scandal
Hubert fired at Smith in January 2016 when his wife Jada Pinkett Smith protested the lack of actors of color at the Oscars.
“Here’s the other thing, for you to ask other actors to jeopardize their careers… You know damn well, you don’t do that,” she said in a YouTube clip. “They don’t care! I find it ironic that somebody who has made their living and made millions and millions of dollars from the very people [who are doing this]… That is not the way life works, baby. It’s very suspect to me.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n