Miracle Baby! Ben & Jen Calling Off Their Divorce After Pregnancy Surprise/n
Jennifer Garner is calling off her divorce from Ben Affleck — and sources say they may be expecting a new bundle of joy! RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal the actor is ditching his hard-partying lifestyle to reconcile with his wife.
“Jen couldn’t be happier,” a source exclusively told Radar. “All she’s ever wanted is for Ben to stop boozing and partying — and to recommit to their family. With this new baby on the way, he’s making all the right promises.”
The parents of Violet, 10, Seraphina, 7, and Samuel, 4, announced their decision to divorce on June 30, 2015 after 10 years of marriage because of Affleck’s drinking, gambling and rumored affair with the family’s nanny.
PHOTOS: Family Reunion — More Proof That Ben Affleck & Jen Garner Are Back Together
“That was the straw that broke the camel’s back,” the insider said of the Batman star’s alleged affair with Christine Ouzounian.
Since announcing their split, Affleck continued his hard-partying lifestyle. In early August, he was spotted at a party in London with his shirt hanging out and his pants unzipped.
“While Jennifer called it quits, she never wanted a divorce,” the source said of the couple, who never officially filed.
PHOTOS: Ben Leaves Jen! Affleck Flies To Europe & Ditches Garner With The Kids
The couple has gotten closer in recent weeks.
On Election Day, they voted together. Garner even wore a loose-fitting sweatshirt to hide her midsection!
Garner is so convinced the bad boy has changed that they’re even planning to renew their wedding vows!
PHOTOS: Jennifer Garner Stays ‘West Virginia Strong’ Amid Affleck Divorce Drama
“Jen wants them to be a real family again — and they can, if Ben quits acting like a 20-year-old trapped in a 40-year-old’s body,” the source shared. “And a new baby would be like icing on the reconciliation cake!”
Are you surprised they’re reconciling? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n