Gal Gadot and Ben Affleck Kick Ass in New ‘Wonder Woman’ and ‘Justice League’ Trailers/n





                    WATCH: Wonder Woman Scares ‘Batman v Superman’ Star Ben Affleck on Ellen
                







Ever the prankstress, Ellen Degeneres certainly pulled a fast one on Ben Affleck during his most recent visit to her daytime talk show

 MORE >>





DC Entertainment and Warner Bros. unveiled two awesome trailers — Wonder Woman starring Gal Gadot, and Justice League starring Ben Affleck – on Saturday at San Diego Comic-Con, and showed the comic-book world they are ready to do battle with juggernaut Marvel Comics. 
In the Wonder Woman trailer, we get to see an extended look of Gadot’s Diana Prince and Chris Pine’s Steve Trevor.


8 Things You Didn't Know About Gal Gadot








































8 Photos »


Set during WWI, Diana, an Amazon princess, leaves her island home to explore the world, and becomes the greatest of its heroes. “Have you never met a man before? What about your father?” Steve asks. Diana responds, “I had no father. I was brought to life by Zeus.” A pause, then Steve says, “Well, that’s neat.” Watch the trailer!





The first look at Zack Snyder’s Justice League revolves around Affleck’s Bruce Wayne, aka Batman, trying to build an “alliance” of “warriors” with “special abilities” to fight an unknown but dangerous enemy coming their way.


'Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice' London Premiere 








































19 Photos »


Already on board is Wonder Woman, who we were introduced to in this year’s Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice, and the two try to recruit the likes of Arthur Currry, aka Aquaman, played by with fierce determination by newcomer Jason Momoa. Wayne and Prince also want Victor Stone, aka Cyborg (Ray Fisher) and Barry Miller, aka The Flash (Ezra Miller). Check out the first look!





 
The movie stars also stars returning DC film stars Henry Cavill (Superman), Amy Adams (Lois Lane) and Jesse Eisenberg (Lex Luthor) as well as newcomers Amber Heard as Aquaman’s love interest and sea queen Mera. Both she and Momoa will also reprise their roles in a standalone Aquaman movie.
Wonder Woman hits theaters June 207, while Justice League is set for release in November 2017.
/n