Bridezilla Holds ‘Auction’ For Friends To Bid To Be Bridesmaids In Her Wedding! Seriously!/n

One bride is showing what it really means to be a bridezilla!
This week, a Reddit user posted to the site asking for advice on what to do about her 22-year-old sister's wedding. According to her, the bride is holding an actual "auction" for her friends to bid on spots to be in her bridal party!
Including her sister!
Related: Brides Are Stressed Out After Popular Dress Chain Abruptly Closes
The 33-year-old wrote: 
"My sister was always very spoiled by our parents since she's the youngest of four kids and my mom had thought she wouldn't be able to have any more kids. Don't get me wrong, she can be very sweet and caring too, but she's just a very immature high maintenance person. Basically she got engaged a couple of months ago and will be getting married at the end of August. Anyway she still hasn't chosen her bridesmaids. Instead, she has sent out dozens of…invitations, to various girls. It's an invite to attend and participate in a ‘bidding auction' on the six spots in her bridal party. Whichever six of all these chicks bid the most will be the bridesmaids. There's also an auction for being her maid of honor. My sister and her fiancé are using the money to fund the wedding and honeymoon."
Insanity!! As if the cost of being a bridesmaid isn't enough!
Commenters have been going crazy over the auction, advising the sister not to go to the event. Or if she does go, she should bid no more than one dollar and get video… LOLz!
The unnamed poor soul further explained in the comments:
"She just has a really big social circle from parties and I guess she invited everyone she even vaguely knows… I just find this really awkward and tacky. She's basically having people pay to be in her wedding… I told my sister they weren't lacking for funds because it's obvious and she just said, ‘Well, if they'll already be bidding, we figure we should put their money towards a great event for everyone' as though this is an act of service she's doing for them. It's totally nonsensical."
Additionally, she says her mom is taking the bride's side in all this:
"Now my sister is throwing a tantrum that I haven't RSVPed to the ‘auction,' and got our mom on her side too. My mom says I will ‘look bad if I don't put in a bid when it's my own sister' and called me selfish."
The fuck??
As entertaining as the thread is (HERE), the commenters all seem to agree this sounds like a messed up situation!
Would U ever bid in an auction to be a bridesmaid in a wedding?
/n