Rob Kardashian Pleads to See Baby Dream After Blac Chyna Leaves Him, Moves Out of Their Home/n





                    Kylie Jenner Is Renting Out One of Her Homes to Rob Kardashian and Blac Chyna
                







Kylie Jenner is helping Blac Chyna get closer to the family — literally

 MORE >>





On what turned out to be an eventful Saturday night (Dec. 17, 2016), it looks like Blac Chyna and Rob Kardashian have split, for now.

It came to head when a clearly upset Kardashian started posting on Snapchat and Instagram, showing how Chyna had left their shared home (that they are renting from Rob’s sister, Kylie Jenner) and took their 1-month-old daughter, Dream, with her, along with all nursery furniture – and even some food.
[NOTE: Kardashian has since deleted his posts]



Sorry to be so open but I’m not feeling so good after seeing @blacchyna messages about me and what her plans were. I have never been this heartbroken in my life. I don’t mind being so open or if anyone thinks I’m being weak but I don’t play when it comes to Family and Chyna was my Family and thought we were getting married. I treated her as a Queen. My baby girl is 1 month old and Chyna took her and left this beautiful home that I just bought for us. Right before Christmas. Someone I have given my all too. I Loved every inch of that woman and loved everything that came with her. I truly loved Angela. I gave everything I owned for her. Didn’t know I was just part of her plan. I really believed she was in love with me the way that I was with her and I am so hurt and never felt this before. It’s different when you have a kid with someone. And after reading Chyna’s messages to her best friend she was going to drop me after a year. She didn’t even make it to that. I am so broken. This is a woman I fought my entire family for. I was in love with this woman to the fullest and I was none of that to her. Go to my snap—–> @robphuckedme
A video posted by ROBERT KARDASHIAN (@robkardashian) on Dec 17, 2016 at 5:31pm PST






 I thought this was going to be the best year of my life ,,, had a beautiful baby Dream and haven’t spent Christmas with family in years and I just can’t believe she really hurt me this way. She knows how to hurt me and I loved her so hard like I’m supposed to. Like any man is supposed to love their Wife. Chyna knew exactly what she was doing to get me. I can’t believe she did this to me. And this isn’t for some ratings this is my real life so please understand I’m just being open right now. Cuz if it was for ratings I wouldn’t explain all this here. And with Chyna’s messages and her leaving with everything and the baby I am broken. I go 1000 percent for my girl. I am so confused how a man who gives and loves everything about a woman is the one left alone. I’m sorry for being so open once again ,,, this is killing me 
A video posted by ROBERT KARDASHIAN (@robkardashian) on Dec 17, 2016 at 5:42pm PST



Kardashian pleaded to Chyna to let him see their newborn daughter. “Bring Dream back to her Dad please,” Kardashian captioned one meme that depicts Chyna, 28, “stealing Christmas” dressed as the Grinch. “She blocked me or else I would ask to see her and she has the guard gate not letting me in the gate either. I just miss baby Dream.”



Last one ! But she really stole my eggos and BBQ sauce and the whole freezer was full of eggos but bring Dream back to her Dad please she blocked me or else I would ask to see her and she has the guard gate not letting me in the gate either. I just miss baby Dream 
A photo posted by ROBERT KARDASHIAN (@robkardashian) on Dec 17, 2016 at 9:12pm PST



All kidding aside, Kardashian says he’s really hurting. “This is all very real and serious to me and I’m trying to cheer myself up with these and they are making me laugh. So relax,” he wrote. “This wasn’t fake or some publicity stunt. Trust me. My one month old beautiful baby girl got taken from me along with my wife who left me. Been upset for days so relax. This is all very real in my life. I don’t play when it comes to my woman and my baby.”



People are tagging me in these memes and just cuz I’m posting them doesn’t mean this wasnt all serious. This is all very real and serious to me and I’m trying to cheer myself up with these and they are making me laugh. So relax. This wasn’t fake or some publicity stunt. Trust me. My one month old beautiful baby girl got taken from me along with my wife who left me. Been upset for days so relax. This is all very real in my life. I don’t play when it comes to my woman and my baby.
A video posted by ROBERT KARDASHIAN (@robkardashian) on Dec 17, 2016 at 8:54pm PST



Then finally, a sweet collage of his daughter. He captioned it, “Pretty Dream. Miss u pretty mama.”



Pretty Dream miss u pretty mama
A photo posted by ROBERT KARDASHIAN (@robkardashian) on Dec 17, 2016 at 11:11pm PST



On her part, Chyna claimed earlier in the day that her Instagram account had been hacked. The anonymous hacker claimed she had left Kardashian and they were going to “expose” the reality star and how she was using Kardashian while allegedly cheating on him with other men.
After gaining back control of her Instagram, Chyna later confirmed that the conversations were true, but “old AF,” and even implied that Kardashian was behind the hack in a since-deleted post (but a screenshot of the post appears on Chyna’s Snapchat).



TAG A FRIEND
A photo posted by blacchyna snapchats (@blacchynasnapchats) on Dec 17, 2016 at 6:09pm PST



This isn’t the first time the two have had troubles in their relationship, but just last week, Chyna’s business lawyer said they were definitely getting married. Let’s hope they can patch things up.
In the meantime, the Rob & Chyna baby special airs tonight (Dec. 18, 2016) on E!
/n