It's War! Rob & Blac Chyna Not Backing Down In Fight Over 'Kardashian' Name/n
It’s a reality battle royale, and only one Kardashian clan will remain standing! RadarOnline.com has learned that Rob Kardashian has told Blac Chyna he has her back in her fight to bear his name.
As Radar reported, Kim, Kourtney and Khloe Kardashian filed an appeal yesterday with the United States Patent & Trademark Office to ban Rob’s baby mama and future wife from trademarking her soon-to-be married name, Angela Kardashian. Initially the source said, Blac Chyna was stunned and scared.
“Rob and Chyna got into a huge fight last night because she wanted to withdraw her request to patent and trademark the name ‘Angela Kardashian,'” a Kardashian family insider said. “She just does not want any drama with Rob’s sisters right now.”
READ THE SHOCKING COURT DOCUMENTS
But it seems that Blac Chyna’s lawyers have a different stance, as they told People today that their client is not trying to profit off of the name. “It’s actually her name, it’s not a poaching,” Blac Chyna’s lawyers told the outlet.
As Radar was the first to report, Rob and Blac Chyna have yet to have a direct conversation with his sisters about the matter. But the insider said Rob’s already decided what to do.
“Rob agrees with her lawyers and said she should be able to do whatever she wants with her name, because they are going to be married and she is going to be a Kardashian whether his sisters like it or not,” the insider told Radar.
PHOTOS: ‘BABY AS A PROP!’ Rob Kardashian Rakes In Extra Cash By Using Daughter Dream In New Video
“Rob flipped out on his family after what they did and told them that they are being absolutely ridiculous right now,” said the source, adding, “He just wants them to stop meddling in his life and to start worrying about their own lives.”
As previously reported by Radar, 61-year-old momager, Kris Jenner, was not named in the appeal against Blac Chyna because she was trying to distance herself from the drama, according to insiders.
However, it seems that it just might be too late for that!
PHOTOS: Million-Dollar Baby! Dream’s Parents Score Seven-Figure Spinoff Deal
“Kris went over to their house yesterday to try and appease the situation. But it did not work,” the insider revealed.
“Rob went off on her too because he knows that she was the one responsible for this,” said the source. “Kris told Blac Chyna and Rob that it would be in their best interests for her to just do what Kim, Kourtney and Khloe requested and to nix the trademark and patent fight.”
Do you think that Blac Chyna should withdraw her request to patent and trademark the name ‘Angela Kardashian?’ Tell us your thoughts below.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n