ON YOUR RADAR: Babies! All The New Additions From The Year/n
By Radar Staff
Actress Kate Hudson and Muse rocker Matthew Bellamy welcomed baby boy Bingham Hawn Bellamy July 9. The Almost Famous beauty also has a son named Ryder with Black Crowes front man Chris Robinson.
Law & Order: SVU star Mariska Hargitay welcomed two kids this year with her husband Peter Hermann. The New York-based couple adopted son Andrew Nicolas Hargitay Herman and daughter Amaya Josephine.PHOTOS: Celebrity Babies: New Additions Of 2011
Hitmaker extraordinaire Mariah Carey and Nick Cannon welcomed “Dembabies” — their twins Moroccan and Monroe on April 30, their fourth wedding anniversary.
Beverly Hills 90210 beauty Tori Spelling gave birth to her third child Hattie Margaret McDermott October 10. The reality star, with husband Dean McDermott, joins older brother Liam and sister Stella.
Jessica Alba and Cash Warren became parents again, welcoming daughter Haven Garner Warren August 13. The child joins Alba and Warren’s three-year-old daughter, Honor Marie.
Pink and her motocross champ hubby Carey Hart welcomed a daughter, Willow Sage Hart. The There You Go singer delivered the girl via C-section at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles June 2.
American Gladiators beauty Laila Ali, the daughter of boxing icon Muhammad Ali, gave birth to daughter Sydney with her hubby, former San Diego Chargers wide out Curtis Conway. The couple also has a boy named C.J.
David and Victoria Beckham became parents again, welcoming baby girl Harper at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles this past July. The child joins the famous couple’s three other children — Brooklyn, 12, Romeo, nine, and Cruz, six.
Former American Idol winner Fantasia Barrino gave birth to a boy named Dallas Xavier Barrino. The child was born in the Presbyterian Hospital in Charlotte, North Carolina, two weeks before his December 29 due date.
Oscar-winning actress Natalie Portman gave birth to her first child Aleph in June, a baby boy with fiancé Benjamin Millepied. The pair met when he was the choreographer for her movie Black Swan.
Reality TV beauty Kim Zolciak and her husband, Atlanta Falcons defender Kroy Biermann, welcomed baby boy Kroy Jr. in May. The birth was chronicled on Kim’s hit Bravo show, The Real Housewives of Atlanta.
Rocker Rod Stewart‘s actress daughter Kimberly and Oscar-winning actor Benicio del Toro became the proud parents of an 8 lb., 9 oz. baby girl named Delilah, born in August. While the couple is not together, Benito’s been a “very supportive” father.
Australian stunner Miranda Kerr and A-list actor Orlando Bloom welcomed their first child, a boy named Flynn, in January. Miranda worked hard getting back into modeling shape, taking the runway at the  annual Victoria’s Secret Fashion Show in late November.
Married … With Children star Christina Applegate became a mom for the first time after giving birth to daughter Sadie Grace LeNoble on January 27 in Los Angeles. The baby’s father is Applegate’s fiancé, Porno For Pyros founder Martyn LeNoble.
And, Sister, Sister stunner Tia Mowry and husband Cory Hardrict welcomed their first baby, son Cree Taylor Hardrict, on June 28. The adorable tot weighed 8 pounds at birth. /n