Caroline Rhea Hires a Personal Chef for Her ‘Child’s Safety’: ‘I’m a Horrible Cook!’/n
Caroline Rhea isn’t afraid to ask for a little help in the kitchen.
The actress and mother to 8-year-old daughter Ava admits that she relies on a personal chef to cook their family meals. “I know it sounds pretentious, but it’s really just for my child’s safety,” she tells PEOPLE in this week’s issue, on stands now. “I’m a horrible cook!”
In fact, The Sabrina the Teenage Witch star says her lack of cooking skills are so well known, she was once asked to appear on Food Network’s food competition show Worst Cooks in America: Celebrity Edition. “I watched an episode, and I started to have an anxiety attack because there were pots and pans,” she says. “My mother could cook anything, and I literally burn spaghetti!”
Want the ultimate dish on the latest celebrity food news, plus exclusive recipes, videos and more? Click here to subscribe to the People Food newsletter. 
And while Rhea says the cooking gene “definitely skipped a generation,” when it comes to her own skills, her daughter already knows her way around a kitchen.
WATCH THIS: Caroline Rhea Brings PEOPLE Inside Her ‘Colorful’ Home

 
“Ava is quite a good little cook, and she’s extremely healthy,” she says. “She will try anything—even octopus. I, not so much. I prefer the Elmer’s glue cookbook. The blander the better.”
RELATED: Busy Philipps’ Worst Baking Disaster Will Give You Nightmares: ‘It Was the Perfect Storm’
For the single mom, dinner in their New York City apartment serves as a chance to catch up with her busy daughter.
“Our kitchen table is our happy place,” says the Match Game panelist, who enforces classic dinnertime rules like no cell phones or elbows on the table. “It’s my favorite one-on-one time with Ava—she’s the best company.”
“We like to pretend we are on a talk show and interview each other,” she says.
For more on our exclusive interview with Caroline Rhea, pick up this week’s issue of PEOPLE, on newsstands now.
/n