'Jersey Shore' Cast Reunites: Plastic Surgery Confessions, Baby News & More/n
The Jersey Shore cast has finally reunited — for a family dinner at Burger King!
The gang got together to shoot a commercial for the popular fast food chain, revealing shocking secrets that have happened since their famous MTV show came to a close.
In a video of their reunion, cast members Mike “The Situation” Sorrentino, Nicole “Snooki” Polizzi, Jenni “JWoww” Farley, Pauly D, Deena Cortese, Vinny Guadagnino and Sammi Giancola sat down for some Chicken Parmesan sandwiches. Noticeably absent from the dinner table was Giancola’s ex-boyfriend, Ronnie Ortiz-Magro.
PHOTOS: JWoww Shows Cellulite-Ridden Rear End In Cancun –– ‘Jersey Shore’ Star Jiggles In 14 Photos With Fiancé & Baby Daughter
Farley and Polizzi reminded the gang that they’ve had kids since the show ended, as well as some “new boobs” (for Snooki at least).
“Parenting is kind of like being hungover all the time. I don’t want to wake up; I’m tired; I’m always screaming; I’m miserable,” Polizzi said of being a mom.
“But it’s the best misery ever,” Farley added.
Unafraid of getting his hands a little dirty, Sorrentino then announced his plans to become a father in the near future.
“I want to propose in the next 3 months,” he revealed of longtime girlfriend, Lauren Pesce. “I’m trying to have a little Situation.”
PHOTOS: TMI! Snooki’s 10 Grossest Moments In New Tell-All Revealed– Pocket Rockets, Tampon Strings & Five-Inch Nipples
This year is set to be a big one for the others too, as Cortese burst out, “I’m getting married in 3 months,” and Pauly D boasted, “I just DJ’d in [Atlantic City].”
Meanwhile, so-called “drama king” Sorrentino recently told Page Six that an official Jersey Shore reunion is also in the works.
“The stars have aligned, and it’s time to make reality TV great again,” he said.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n