‘Grey’s Anatomy’ Recap: Adele’s Emergency Affects Nearly Everyone’s Love Life/n





                    'Grey's Recap: Surprise Ending
                







Bailey's wedding doesn't go off without a few hitches.

 MORE >>





 On this episode of ABC’s Grey’s Anatomy, some couples are coming together while others are falling apart and some lives are saved while others are lost.
Note: Spoilers ahead if you haven’t seen Thursday’s episode, “Things We Said Today.”
 

the many hookups of alex karev








































6 Photos »



I was almost going to label the ending of this episode a “surprise,” but since I had heard that Adele (Loretta Devine) was going to die a couple months ago, I figured that would be a bit of a misnomer. I did start to wonder, though, when she made it through the surgery and all seemed to be well. For a minute there, I thought perhaps I’d gotten the wrong information and I was totally OK with it. Adele was a really sweet character and I hate losing her.
Adele’s illness did have an interesting impact on nearly everyone’s life on this episode. It delayed Miranda (Chandra Wilson) and Ben’s (Jason George) wedding and it gave some characters the time to get a little closer than they might have otherwise. Oh, who am I kidding? Of course they would have gotten close, just maybe not for another episode or two.
First of all, there was Jo (Camilla Luddington) and Alex (Justin Chambers). I loved the two of them trading war stories about who had the worse childhood and Jo teaching Alex to cry on cue was hilarious. I’m liking these two getting together, but I’m also glad that they didn’t immediately jump in the sack in the hotel room (at least it didn’t look like they did). It’ll be more interesting if their relationship is played out a bit longer.
The delay to the wedding also allowed Arizona (Jessica Capshaw) and Callie (Sara Ramirez) to take a step forward in their relationship. It was nice to see Arizona trying so hard to move forward. But when she couldn’t go as far as she wanted, I thought it was sweet that Callie didn’t get mad or lay blame but was there to take whatever steps Arizona was ready for.
 Then there was Cristina (Sandra Oh) and Owen (Kevin McKidd). Call me crazy, but that was just about the most romantic divorce I think I’ve ever seen. Did I misunderstand it or did they basically just decide to stay together, but without the piece of paper that put them in that box Owen kept talking about? If that’s the case, then yay! I never thought I’d be happy to see them divorce, but if it means they’ll actually get back together then I’m all for it.
The one couple I was happy to see mostly unaffected by the delay to the wedding were the ones who actually ended up getting married. I really thought that either Ben or Miranda was going to decide that all the craziness meant that they weren’t going to work out and they would call it all off. The two of them exchanging vows and looking absolutely joyful was a much better way to go.
Buzz Moments
OMG!: Webber practically strangling the guy from the nursing home.
Thank you, TV gods.: Callie and Arizona partaking in a good old fashioned make-out session.
Awk-ward: Shane telling gross stories at the dinner table.
Hotness: Owen standing up to an entire gang of bikers.
Fab-u-lous: The way Miranda glowed when she and Ben jumped over the broom.
Can. Not. Wait.: Owen and Cristina getting back together in whatever form they decide.
Celebuzz Meter (1-10): 8.
So what did you think of “Things We Said Today”? Were you devastated by the loss of Adele? How do you feel about the various hook-ups, break-ups and almost hook-ups that were on this episode?
– Michelle Carlbert
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n