Jef Holm Undecided About Getting Back Together With ‘Bachelorette’ Emily Maynard (VIDEO & EXCLUSIVE)/n





                    'Bachelorette' Split
                







Emily and Jeff confirm their break-up.

 MORE >>





 The relationship between Bachelorette couple Emily Maynard and Jef Holm is still uncertain — even after the pair were spotted going for a romantic meal together, Celebuzz has learned.
Two months after the couple announced their engagement was off, they dined out at 5Church restaurant in Charlotte, North Carolina, with Emily dressed to kill and flirting up a storm with her former beau.
 

jef holm and emily maynard toast to their love 








































7 Photos »



After their private meal for two, the pair headed to Connelly’s bar for drinks, but according to a source close to the couple, the water company CEO is still trying to figure out how he really feels about his former fiancée.

“Jef is still making up his mind about Emily because he was genuinely hurt when the relationship ended,” the insider told Celebuzz.
“All reality relationships are particularly difficult, and the truth is very few go the distance. It is going to be tough for them to make this thing work long-term because it will require a lot of sacrifices on each side.”
 

family ties: emily Maynard enjoys day with daughter








































8 Photos »



The couple has been involved in a rollercoaster relationship since Holm, 28, proposed to Maynard, 26, in July after he presented her with a stunning $150,000 diamond ring on the finale of the hit ABC reality show.
Since then, there have been multiple allegations of cheating on each side, including reports that Holm did not approve of the way Maynard was raising her 7-year-old daughter, Ricki Hendrick.
 

Emily Maynard and Jef Holm enjoy dinner date in new york city








































11 Photos »



But another potential roadblock to them getting back together has been Holm’s reported new relationship with 23-year-old New Orleans journalism student Katianna Bear.
The pair posted photographs of themselves during a day trip to San Diego Zoo alongside Holm’s Bachelorette finalist friend Arie Luyendyk Jr., as reported by Wetpaint.
Holm and Bear also reportedly hooked up in Los Angeles while Maynard attended the wedding of fellow reality couple Ashley Herbert and J.P. Rosenbaum on Dec. 1.
 

j.p. rosenbaum and ashley hebert's cutest couple moments








































9 Photos »



According to our source, Holm is all too happy to keep his options open until he figures out if he really wants to get back with Maynard long-term.
“Jef and Katianna originally met at a Saints football game in New Orleans, and they both really hit it off because they had a lot in common,” the source said.
“Katianna is a fun and beautiful woman. However, he has a connection and history with Emily. But he knows that he can’t have them both.”
“Over the past few weeks, he spent time with Katianna. And now Emily is back on the scene, so it looks like he has some decisions to make pretty soon.”
What do you think? Should Jef get back together with Emily  or pursue Katianna? Let us know your thoughts, below.

Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
 No changes are to be made to this player


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n