 Shocking Tragedy: Gunman Shoots Reporter & Cameraman During Live On-Air News Segment.../n
UPDATE: Vester Lee Flanagan II, a 41-year-old Roanoke, Virginia native, has been identified as the suspected shooter of three people during a live broadcast on WDBJ-TV Wednesday, the Augusta County Sheriff’s Office’s Becky Coyner told the AP. Gov. Terry McAuliffe said that Flanagan is a “a disgruntled employee,” and that his arrest was “imminent” as a manhunt was underway.
Two Roanoke, Virginia-based journalists, reporter Alison Parker and cameraman Adam Ward, were fatally shot on the air during a live news broadcast for WDBJ-TV Wednesday.
Parker, 24, and Ward, 27, were conducting a feature story from Moneta, Virginia’s Bridgewater Plaza, a local shopping center, when a series of shots could be heard in the background. At that point, the camera dropped to the floor and screams could be heard as a person wearing black pants and a blue shirt could be seen.
The station flipped back in studio, where the anchorwoman Kimberly McBroom looked shocked and stunned upon witnessing the violent turn of events.
PHOTOS: Tragic Last Photo REVEALED At Last — Bobbi Kristina Brown Pictured In Hospice Bed Days Before Death
Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe told WTOP that authorities were in pursuit of the shooter, who officials have identified.
“We know who the suspect is,” the governor said, “we believe it is a disgruntled employee from the TV station is what we believe right now.”
Watch the video on RadarOnline.com

WDBJ-TV general manager Jeffrey A. Marks called the tragic incident “a terrible crime against two fine journalists.”
PHOTOS: Last Memories: Family Friend Shares Never-Before–Seen Photos Of Whitney Houston’s Tragic Daughter Bobbi Kristina Brown
He added, “How can this individual have robbed these families, the families of Allison and Adam, of their lives and their happiness and their love for whatever reason? They would brighten up a room every morning.”
“We love you, Alison and Adam,” read a tweet from WDBJ-TV’s account in the wake of the incident.

We love you, Alison and Adam. pic.twitter.com/hLSzQi06XE
— WDBJ7 (@WDBJ7) August 26, 2015

Ward was an alum of Virginia Polytechnic Institute and State University who had been working at the station for four years.
Parker, a Martinsville, Virginia native, had graduated from James Madison University, and had detailed her love of kayaking, animals and community theater on her Facebook page.
One other person had been shot in the incident, authorities from the Franklin County Sheriff Department told WSLS 10.
PHOTOS: A Fond Farewell: 25 Celebrities We Lost In 2014
CNN reported that Smith Mountain Lake Regional Chamber of Commerce executive director Vicki Gardner, the woman being interviewed during the segment, was undergoing surgery after she was shot in the back.
Sen. Tim Kaine said in a statement, “There are no words to express how heartbroken I am by the senseless tragedy in Moneta. My deepest sympathies go out to the loved ones of Alison Parker and Adam Ward, as well as the entire WDBJ family.
“I ask everyone to join me in praying for Vicki Gardner… and all of the local authorities and first responders who are working hard to find the perpetrator of this horrific crime.”
Story developing. /n