Harvey Is Moved to Tears When Recalling His Son's Final Days Before Leaving for College—Watch Now! After watching the heartfelt clip with his wife Marjorie, the 58-year-old comes this close to shedding a few tears. "I'm good. .../n
Attention parents: If you're missing your son or daughter at school, you may just relate to this.Between working on his businesses and releasing a new book, Steve Harvey had quite the busy summer. But one of the highlights from the past couple of months has been his quality time with his son Wynton Harvey.On Monday's all-new Steve Harvey Show, the talk-show host recalls one of the final conversations he had with Wynton before he started school at FIU. It's a moment Steve can't help but still get emotional over."I really expect a lot of great things from you and remember what your name is. You are a Harvey. You are my son." Steve shared. "And you remember that I love you man. I love you. Boy, I love my son."

After watching the heartfelt clip with his wife Marjorie, the 58-year-old comes this close to shedding a few tears."I'm good. I'm not crying," he joked to the audience with watery eyes. "That dude, man."Another special father-son moment occurred when Wynton turned the big 18. Keeping with tradition, Steve decided to bond with his son over a cigar.

"Now, you don't have to agree with that. I'm not asking for your approval. You raise your kids the way you want to," Steve explained to viewers. "I sit with my sons and have a cigar when they turn 18."As it turns out, the moment was something Wynton was waiting a long time to experience"I asked Wynton before the cigars, ‘Son, suppose you don't like the cigar?' He said, ‘Dad, I could not lie. I've been waiting for this moment for as long as I can remember. I watched you smoke with my old brothers and I just wanted that more than anything," Steve recalled of the late summer night. "That was our moment. That was the last kind of big moment with my son before he went off for school."

PHOTOS: Greatest TV dads 
/n