After a 19-Year Hiatus, Onetime Sex Kitten Mamie Van Doren Reappears as a New Wave Singer/n
She’s the survivor of an era, a reminder of a now-extinct Hollywood breed: the blond bombshell. Mamie Van Doren, creation of Howard Hughes and the last chip off the old Marilyn Monroe block, wiggled and cooed her way through 32 largely lamentable films in the ’50s and ’60s as a rock ‘n’ roll sex kitten, and in 1966, at age 33, she was through. Finished, the movie moguls said. Too old. An obsolete reminder of the tragedies that befell Hollywood’s other two famous “M’s” of the ’50s, Monroe and Jayne Mansfield. Now Mamie’s back as a New Wave singer making her debut this March evening at West Hollywood’s Studio One Club. “When I left Hollywood I told myself I would only return on my own terms,” she says. “Now I have.”
She emerges from her tiny dressing room looking fearless and still radiantly beautiful. A black-and-white-flowered minidress with plunging back shows off the well-kept body—almost as bewitching as it was 34 years ago when she appeared in her first film, His Kind of Woman. “Don’t worry,” says Van Doren, “I won’t be writing a book about staying beautiful on cinnamon rolls and Mexican beer. But what the hell, it’s worked for me.” At 5’4″ and 111 pounds, Mamie measures 36-24-35½. (“And I haven’t had any reconstructive surgery,” she insists.) Van Doren even bared her shape for a Playboy pictorial shot last May but later decided not to release the photos. She explains, “I’ve gone the nudie route before,” in a 1963 Playboy spread. With one eye cast toward the West Hollywood audience that awaits her performance, most of them in their 20s, Mamie adds, “I don’t want them to watch me sing like they did 20 years ago. I want them to listen. Really listen.”
In a sense folks have always listened to Van Doren—and she’s always talked. In the ’50s, when starlets signed to major studio contracts were confined to oversize padded bras and expected to date the industry’s movers and shakers, the outspoken Van Doren was a blonde apart. Born Joan Olander in Rowena, S.Dak., she was just 15 when Howard Hughes discovered her while she was appearing in an L.A. stage production of The Big Knife. It was Hughes who gave Mamie her first movie contract with his RKO studios. “The first thing Hughes asked me was if I was a virgin,” recalls Van Doren. “I said, ‘You’ll never know, Mr. Hughes.’ I think he was surprised that a 15-year-old would stand up to him. Believe me, not many women did.”
Five years later, in 1953, she landed a contract at Universal and became that studio’s answer to Twentieth Century-Fox starlet Marilyn Monroe. “The studios wanted us to be rivals,” reports Mamie, “but we were really close friends. I was always one step behind Marilyn. She made all the right moves, hung out with the right people who could advance her career. I was just the opposite. I was always breaking dates with moguls and running off with guys younger than myself.”
Van Doren’s romantic escapades were a gossip columnist’s dream. “I’ve had hundreds of men,” she says frankly, “but I turned down more men than I dated.” Some men she claims she didn’t turn down were Johnny Carson, Steve McQueen, Eddie Fisher, Jack Dempsey, Elvis Presley, Laurence Harvey, Warren Beatty, Prince Axel of Denmark and Nicky Hilton, to whom she was engaged briefly following his divorce from Elizabeth Taylor. “Elizabeth was such a spoiled brat about Nicky and me,” reports Mamie. “We would arrive at the same party and Elizabeth would immediately leave in a big huff. Sometimes I think I made a big mistake by not paying more attention to Prince Axel. He was looking for a wife and genuinely cared for me. Well,” she adds after a pause, “he had the hots for me is more like it. I would have made a great princess. After all, I wasn’t doing anything Grace Kelly wasn’t doing at the time, and the princess bit really saved her reputation.”
Van Doren wed five times. Her brief first marriage at (barely) 16 was to a shirt salesman. Of her second husband, bandleader Ray Anthony, Mamie says: “I used to call him Ray Agony. He just put me through hell.” The two have been divorced since 1960 and still aren’t on speaking terms. In 1966, three years after a highly publicized affair with California Angel pitcher Bo Belinsky, she wed another of the Angel organization’s left-handed pitchers, 19-year-old Lee Meyers, who was 14 years her junior and, at the time, was purported to be heir to the McCall’s publishing fortune, which later turned out to be untrue. “It was the Hollywood scandal of the year,” says Van Doren. “He was sent down to the farm system by the Angels, and by the time we were actually married, he was playing on one-horse minor league teams. The owners used us to attract a crowd.” The couple divorced in 1969; three years later Meyers was killed when his Porsche went off the road in Huntington Beach, Calif.
Hubby No. 4 was oilman Ross McClintock. “A mistake,” is Van Doren’s blunt assessment of that union. “I’d refused to be an ornament for the studios, and I was damned if I’d be one at a bunch of dull cocktail parties.” The marriage lasted four months before it was annulled by an Orange County judge in 1974. “I couldn’t believe it,” she says. “I was in the process of divorcing him and all of a sudden this judge annulled our marriage. Annulled! I lived with that bastard for four months. If we’d been divorced, I would have received a great deal of money, but the old-boy network is very tight down here [in Orange County].”
In 1979 she married former actor and free-lance writer Thomas Dixon, 39, following five years of cohabitation. The two live in a luxurious oceanfront condo in Newport Beach along with Van Doren’s only child, Perry, 29, from her second marriage. Her son sells computers. Her husband cooks. “Just this morning he made me a fried egg sandwich,” she says kiddingly.
Questions about her husband’s age—or hers, for that matter—have never bothered Van Doren in the least. “I truly believe that one of the reasons why I look and feel so well is because I’ve very few inhibitions. I don’t care about age. Life is too short to worry about what other people think.” Adds Eddie Fisher, who dated Mamie in 1952: “Mamie’s always had a strong sense of herself and it doesn’t surprise me that she’s the last survivor of all those bombshells.”
With new songs composed for her titled Get Hot and State of Turmoil, Mamie bumps and grinds through an hour-long set at Studio One, leaving a wildly cheering audience and proving that the actress who boasted “I’m the girl who invented rock ‘n’ roll” in 1958’s Teacher’s Pet wasn’t so far from the truth. With a recently signed contract with Rhino records to release two albums in June, plans for taking her New Wave act on a cross-country tour and a role in an upcoming film version of Women Behind Bars, Van Doren’s comeback is in full swing. So full, in fact, she has had to halt the publication of her autobiography, Naked in the Rain, because “there’s just too much to add. I’m not starting over,” she continues. “What I’m doing is an extension of all the singing and dancing I’ve done almost all my working life. I realize there’s a line between looking good and being an embarrassment. I don’t want to be one of those dames who is trying too hard to appear young. I’m Mamie Van Doren, and I fully intend to act my age.”
/n