‘Torchwood’s’ John Barrowman Lands on CW’s ‘Arrow’; Abby Elliott Leaving ‘Saturday Night Live’/n





                    'glee project' S2 reunion
                







Oxygen holds a Season 2 reunion of the reality show. 

 MORE >>










                    Ryan Lochte on '90210'
                







The swimming star will make his Hollywood debut on the CW show. 

 MORE >>










                    'Revenge' DVD Extra
                







An extra clip from Season 1 and more TV news. 

 MORE >>





John Barrowman, who plays Captain Jack from Torchwood, will be popping up on The CW’s new fall comic book show, Arrow. He’ll play a mysterious “well dressed man” who is an acquaintance of the Queen family. Arrow premieres on Wednesday, October 10.  [EW]
Which Saturday Night Live star is leaving the show now?

Abby Elliot, daughter of Chris Elliot, who is known for her Zooey Deschanel and Angelina Jolie impressions is leaving Saturday Night Live after just 4 seasons. She is the third cast member vacating their role this season including Kristen Wigg and Andy Samberg. [Splitsider]


2012 emmy Nominees' reactions








































18 Photos »


Michael J. Fox is headed back to TV… Well, hopefully! The star is reported to be shopping around a new single-camera comedy with director Will Gluck of Easy A and writer Sam Layboure of Arrested Development. The project is being developed by Sony Pictures Television and is based upon the star’s life. All four broadcast networks are said to be interested. [Vulture]
On Tuesday, The Mindy Project cast Tommy Dewey as Mindy Kaling’s love interest and on Wednesday we’ve learned that a few NBA stars will be making guest appearances on the new FOX comedy as well. New York Knicks forward Amar’e Stoudemire, free agent guard Baron Davis, and Indiana Pacers forward Danny Granger will be playing themselves on an episode where Mindy finds herself in the VIP section of a club with them. [EW]


scene at tcas 2012: the cw tca party








































12 Photos »


Bob Odenkirk is back on CBS’ How I Met Your Mother. Reprising his role as Arthur Hobbs, Marshall’s (Jason Segel) former Goliath National Bank boss, he will represent Barney (Neil Patrick Harris) in his pre-nup negotiations with Quinn (Becki Newton). Odenkirk can currently be seen as Saul Goodman on Breaking Bad. [TVLine]
With the departure of Kristin Chenoweth from The Good Wife due to injury, another reporter type is needed for the show. Miriam Shor, most recently seen on the cancelled ABC show, GCB, will fill the role. She will play a journalist with a national news background. [TVLine]
Nickelodeon announced on Wednesday that it will be launching a new primetime comedy block call NickMom on Oct. 1. At the same time, it’s relaunching NickMom.com. NickMom, which hopes to give mothers a chance to unwind and LOL, will air original programming on Nick Jr. from 10 PM — 2 AM. [Nickelodeon]

      brightcove.createExperiences();

 
/n