Former Plus-Sized Model Crystal Renn Covers Up Super Slimmed Down Figure/n
By Radar Staff
It’s hard to believe that Crystal Renn was once wearing a size 12!
The anorexia survivor who went on to become a successful plus-sized model, hit the CFDA Fashion Awards in New York City on Monday night, drenching her slimmed-down figure in a structured Zac Posen dress – and RadarOnline.com has the photos. PHOTOS: Super Slim Crystal Renn Covers Up At CFDA Awards
The 25-year-old catwalk crawler, who penned a book about her early modeling years and her shocking eating disorder that dropped her down to 95 pounds called Hungry: A Young Model’s Story of Appetite, Ambition and the Ultimate Embrace of Curves, looked super slender in her elegant metallic cocktail dress that covered up her arms.  
Back in November 2010, Renn, who had enjoyed several successful years as a size-12 plus sized model, revealed that she had lost weight from hiking and yoga, and was down to a size 8. In February 2011, after her weight loss started to gain criticism, Renn blasted back on the Ford Models blog that there was nothing to worry about.
PHOTOS: Crystal Renn’s Dramatic Body Transformation
“When this whole weight loss thing happened, I think that a lot of people wanted to point their finger at somebody. I think that they wanted to find a conspiracy where there absolutely was none.”
But while she insists that there is nothing wrong with her recent weight loss, eating disorder specialists and activists in the plus-sized community have their concerns.
PHOTOS: Crystal Renn Looks Shockingly Thin At The W.E. Premiere
“It is common for people with eating disorders to have periods of relapse. This can be caused by numerous factors but most common are emotional issues,” psychotherapist Jessica Aronson, who has not worked with the model, told RadarOnline.com in an exclusive interview.
“Everyone rallied around her and now she’s turned against us,” PLUS Model Magazine Editor-in-Chief Madeline Jones told RadarOnline.com in an exclusive interview. “We have been betrayed by her.”
RELATED STORIES:
Plus Size Debate: Crystal Renn’s Weight Controversy Won’t Die Down
Anne Hathaway’s Dramatic Weight Loss ‘Could Strike A Hard Blow To Her Metabolism’ Warns Expert
Demi Moore’s Extreme Weight Loss Has ‘Ravaged Her Looks’ Says ExpertWasting Away? Anne Hathaway Shows Off Shocking Weight Loss /n