 4 Latest Developments In Robin Williams Death: Michael J. Fox Reacts To Parkinson’s.../n
Hollywood and the rest of the world remain reeling less than four days after Robin Williams’ hanged himself at his Tiburon, Calif. home, and RadarOnline.com has all the latest developments in the unfortunate string of events.
Parkinson’s Fallout 
After Williams’ widow Susan Schneider shared that the actor was in the beginning stages of Parkinson’s Disease Thursday, the actor’s friend and colleague Michael J. Fox, one of the neurodegenerative condition’s most famous advocate, shared his thoughts.
PHOTOS: In Memoriam: Robin Williams’ Career Was Pure Magic – He Was A Genie After All
Fox, on Twitter, he was “stunned to learn Robin had” Parkinson’s disease, noting that he was “pretty sure” Williams’ charitable support for his foundation “predated his diagnosis.”


Stunned to learn Robin had PD. Pretty sure his support for our Fdn predated his diagnosis. A true friend; I wish him peace.
— Michael J. Fox (@realmikefox) August 14, 2014

“A true friend; I wish him peace,” wrote Fox, who stayed mum on his 1991 diagnosis with Parkinson’s until 1999, eventually leaving his successful show Spin City to receive more extensive treatment. Fox in 2013 told Howard Stern his “first reaction to it was to start drinking heavily,” but eventually, and successfully, sought help.
PHOTOS: Inside The Waterfront Home Where Robin Williams Tragically Died
Gamers Pay Homage 
Williams’ passion for video games was well noted, and those in the niche community are paying homage to the late actor following his passing. A character in the World of Warcraft series, which Williams enjoyed, will be modeled after the star, designer Ion Hazzikostas said at a Los Angeles roll-out event for the latest installment in the franchise, World of Warcraft: Warlords of Draenor.
Hazzikostas said the Williams’ tribute character “will most likely be a character inspired by him or some of his favorite roles of the past.
“We knew he was an avid player, which was awesome . . . we’re just thinking about the appropriate and right way to do it.”
PHOTOS: Celebs Who Died Young
In addition to the nascent WoW character, more than 36,000 people have endorsed a Change.org petition hoping for a similar homage in the next edition of The Legend of Zelda (a game already associated with the late actor, who famously named his daughter after its’ titular character).
Tributes Continue Pouring In: 
The Expendables 3’s Kellan Lutz, a friend of the late actor’s daughter Zelda, was choked up on the red carpet of the film’s New York City premiere on Thursday.
“I love my dad, [but] kind of grew up with my mom and always wanted a father figure there, and I’m a huge fan of his movies and always just wished he was my dad,” the Twilight star, 29, said. “I want to be that dad to my kids. I want to be the Patch Adams, the Jumanji, the Mrs. Doubtfire, Good Will Hunting.”
Elsewhere, many music stars, such as Justin Timberlake, Rihanna and Nikki Sixx were vocal about the passing of the multitalented comic.
Timberlake hailed Williams as “a genius,” and remembered how the star “was always so kind to me,” while Rihanna called the news “heartbreaking” and proclaimed, “May his soul now be at peace!”
Sixx — outspoken against Gene Simmons’ recent insensitive suicide remarks, tweeted that “life is so very fragile.
PHOTOS: The Woman Who Discovered Robin Williams’ Body
“You gave us all such joy. Having struggled with depression and addiction myself Robin Williams death cuts even deeper for me.”
Award Memorials: 
Emmy Awards organizers continue to work on a memorial for the actor, with less than two weeks to go until the show’s 66th annual ceremony. Executive Producer Don Mischer Thursday said plans are under way for a “meaningful” segment for Williams, who cut his teeth on the boob tube with an appearance on Happy Days, that led to his star-making tun in Mork & Mindy.
Golden Globe officials reworked a previously-planned dinner Thursday to insert a Williams’ memorial segment, as the entertainer racked up five Golden Globes in his illustrious career. Hollywood Foreign Press Association President Theo Kingma, saying the actor “certainly deserves the moment,” noted how the star “did so much when it comes to charities.”
The 2014 Emmys airs Aug. 25 on NBC at 8 ET/5 PT.
Watch the video on RadarOnline.com:

Visit NBCNews.com for breaking news, world news, and news about the economy
If anyone you know, is struggling with thoughts of suicide, please immediately seek help. You can speak with a skilled, trained counselor at a national Suicide Prevention Lifeline crisis center in your area, anytime 24/7 — call 1-800-273-TALK (8255).
FULL COVERAGE:
Shocking Theory: Robin Williams’ Pal Rob Schneider Believes Parkinson’s Disease Medication Could Have Led Star To Suicide
4 Latest Developments In Robin Williams Death: Michael J. Fox Reacts To Parkinson’s Revelation, Gaming Community Moves For Multiple Tributes To Late Actor
Robin Williams’ Haunting Final Photos: Tragic Comedian Was Snapped Looking Somber, Gaunt In San Francisco-Area Gallery Two Days Before Death
Shattered Dream: Robin Williams & Wife Had Hoped To Have Kids Together Before His Suicide, Says Source
Robin Williams Was In The ‘Early Stages’ Of Parkinson’s Disease, Wife Reveals
It Wasn’t A Relapse: Robin Williams Told Wife He ‘Had Nothing To Live For’ Before Suicide — Summer Rehab Stay Was For ‘Deep Depression,’ Claims Source
Robin Williams’ Life Was Scarred By Drugs And Booze—Star Was Haunted By Pal John Belushi’s ‘Speedball’ Overdose
5 Latest Developments In Robin Williams Death: Star ‘Insisted’ On Boozing During Filming Of CBS Show, Dreaded Emotional Investment In Movies
It’s Throwback Time: See Robin Williams’ Childhood Photos
‘The Final Fight Is Over’ — Husband Of The Assistant Who Found Robin Williams’ Body Speaks Out About His ‘Heartbreaking’ Last Days
Robin Williams Was Sleeping Up To 18 Hours A Day — Inside His Dark Depression 
5 Latest Developments In Robin Williams Death: Kids Break Silence, Daughter Deals With Bully Trolls, While Late Night Kings Pays Homage
A Lasting Legacy: Robin Williams Made Plans To Leave His Fortune To His Kids In The Years Before He Died — Inside The Secret Trusts
The Woman Who Discovered Robin Williams’ Body REVEALED — Longtime Assistant & Close Friend Rebecca Erwin Spencer Came Upon The Shocking Death Scene
Commercial Co-Star Fondly Remembers Robin Williams — ‘He Was Very Kind-Hearted & An Incredible Soul’
YouTube Top Ten: Robin Williams’ Most Viewed Clips Will Give Fans A Much-Needed Laugh
Christopher Reeve ‘Wanted To Die’ Until Robin Williams Lifted His Spirits — A Look At Their Extraordinary Friendship
Robin Williams Found With Superficial Cuts On His Wrists & Belt Around His Neck — Sheriff Reveals How Robin Williams Killed Himself
Death Of Robin’s Older Brother Was A Low Point For Williams — Took His Life 7 Years Later, Almost To The Day
Robin Williams’ Hollywood Peers Remember The Late, Great Star Of Film & TV
Tortured Robin Williams Photographed At AA Meeting
Robin Williams Death ‘Apparent Suicide Attempt By Hanging:’ Dispatcher; Actor Didn’t Leave A Note

Robin Williams Death: Daughter’s Tribute, Hoffman Connection & More
Robin Williams Had ‘Serious Money Troubles’ In Months Before His Death, Claims Friend — Was The Pressure Too Much?
A Father’s Love: Robin Williams’ Tragic Last Words To His Beloved Daughter Zelda Williams Revealed
Inside The Waterfront Home Where Robin Williams Tragically Died
In Memoriam: Robin Williams’ Career Was Pure Magic – He Was A Genie After All
Robin Williams Was Gaunt, Subdued, In Haunting Last Image Taken During Summer Rehab Stay — SEE The Disturbing Photo
Coroner Suspects Robin Williams Death ‘To Be A Suicide Due To Asphyxia’ — Read The Police Report /n