Did Angelina Jolie Cheat on Brad Pitt with Another Married Man?/n
It’s that time of the week again when the celebrity weeklies hit the newsstands. To separate what’s real and rumor, we turned to our friends at Gossip Cop for the 411 on this week’s most controversial stories.

Angelina Jolie cheated on Brad Pitt with a married billionaire who she’s now dating, reports Star. The magazine says Jolie and her “ruggedly handsome” man have been secretly seeing each other for the last six months and are involved in “the same humanitarian causes.” For details about Jolie’s new boyfriend, and how Pitt reacted to the news, go to Gossip Cop.
Jennifer Aniston and Brad Pitt are going to have a “secret reunion” after she sent her ex a text following his split from Angelina Jolie, reveals OK!. The magazine notes Pitt “plans to apologize for everything that went down” when he left her for Jolie. For when the “emotional rendezvous” is happening, see what reps for Pitt and Aniston tell only Gossip Cop.
Gwen Stefani is pregnant and marrying Blake Shelton in a “blowout Christmas wedding” at his ranch in Oklahoma, reveals Life & Style. The magazine says the nuptials will happen sooner rather than later because she doesn’t want to be “an unwed mother at the time of the baby’s birth.” For more scoop about the wedding, see what Stefani’s rep leaks to Gossip Cop.
Jennifer Lawrence has ended her friendship with Amy Schumer after the comedienne revealed in an interview that Lawrence jokingly texted her, “It’s your fault,” after two women were shot dead during a Trainwreck screening in Lafayette, La. in 2015. The magazine reports Lawrence is livid with Schumer for divulging her insensitive joke. For how intense their feud has become, click over to Gossip Cop.
Katie Holmes tore apart Liev Schreiber and Naomi Watts’ longtime relationship, reveals the National Enquirer. The publication reports Watts dumped the Ray Donovan star “over his outrageously flirty on-set behavior” with the actress. For the status of his relationship with Holmes now that he’s split with Watts, see what Schreiber’s rep admits to Gossip Cop.
/n