Lisa Rinna & Kim Richards Reignite Their Hatred For Each Other In Brand New RHOBH Sneak Peek!/n

Are we sure it's really 2017 and not just 2015 all over again?
If you were under the impression that Real Housewives of Beverly Hills has fallen into the tired pattern of simply repeating storylines over and over again every season… we're sorry to say: You might be correct.
That's because after getting physical (aka throwing wine glasses) in Amsterdam way back in 2015, Lisa Rinna and Kim Richards are about to reignite their years-old feud during this Tuesday's all-new episode!
Related: Brandi Glanville Calls Rinna Out For Her Bad Wig & Eating Disorder!
Despite getting fired from the show following her multitude of arrests two years ago, Kyle Richards' big sis is set to stop by RHOBH tonight to stir up drama with her soap opera actress nemesis… albeit in a demoted "friend of" capacity.
But while Lisa is clearly the more polite person in the problematic pair… both women get in their fair share of insults during this week's game night based on the 2-minute preview clip alone!
For some reason, when Eileen Davidson starts defending her friendship with Lisa, Kim takes that as an opportunity to call Rinna out for her manipulative ways, saying: 

"I think that [Rinna] uses excuses all the time. Look what you did to me when I was going through all the things that I went through, and you came after me all last year and the year before? And you never really sincerely said you were sorry… You can sit here and use the excuse of losing your parents, but it's ridiculous. You lose someone, it's terrible, but it's no excuse for going around and being mean to Lisa [Vanderpump], myself, Yolanda [Hadid]…"
She's so much more coherent than we remember!
Related: RHOBH Newbie Eden Sassoon Once Blew Mac Miller!
Although, Kim goes on to contradict herself by claiming she never brought up Harry Hamlin during their Netherlands trip, which… is just a flat-out lie.
But that's exactly what causes Rinna to reach her breaking point, screaming:

"You play dirty. Let's talk about your arrest! Why don't we do that?"
RUTHLESS!!
Still, it's nice to see Kim fighting with someone other than her sister for once…
Ch-ch-check out a sneak peek of RHOBH before it airs Tuesday, January 10 at 9 p.m. EST on Bravo (below)!!!

[Image via Bravo.]
/n