Blac Chyna Claims She Was “Disrespected” While Living in Kylie Jenner’s House/n





                    Blac Chyna Is "Devastated" by Rob Kardashian Leaking Her Explicit Photos
                







"He doesn't respect me."

 MORE >>










                    Blac Chyna Claims Rob Kardashian Threatened to Kill Himself with a Gun
                







Yikes!

 MORE >>





Blac Chyna doesn’t want to keep up with the Kardashians anymore.

As she tries to move on from her split with Rob Kardashian, the mother-of-two is speaking out against the treatment she received from her former fiancé. In an interview with People, the 29-year-old reveals she was very unhappy when she lived with the Arthur George designer.
“We lived together [at my house] for two months in the beginning, but he stressed me out every day,” Chyna, who became pregnant with a daughter less than a year into dating Rob, shares. “And I said, ‘One thing you won’t do is stress me out with this baby in my belly.'”


Blac Chyna Shows Off Her Baby Bump








































8 Photos »


Though they were fighting, Chyna says she decided to move in with her boyfriend for the sake of the keeping the family together under roof. As fans know, the two started renting a home from Kylie Jenner — Rob’s younger sister who dated Tyga, the father of Chyna’s 4-year-old son King Cairo — in order to be closer to the Kardashian clan.
“About a month after Dream was born, I moved in with Rob at Kylie’s house for about a week. I put my pride aside — and I’m very prideful. I was like, ‘You know what? I actually want to be with this person. So guess what, Chyna, you need to go live in this lady’s house,’ which is his sister,” she says. “There’s no bad blood or whatever, so be a family and figure it out.’ I moved in and one week later was like, ‘You know what? I don’t deserve this. I’m out. I’m not going to be disrespected.'”



A post shared by Blac Chyna (@blacchyna) on Feb 4, 2017 at 7:45pm PST



Earlier this month, the drama between Chyna and Rob was dragged into court when the latter went on an online tirade against his ex, accusing her of cheating and posting her nude photos on social media. Arguing Rob was sharing revenge porn as a form of domestic violence, Chyna was granted a temporary retraining order.
“I just want to voice my story — voice what’s real — because at the end of the day, the person next to me could possibly be going through the same thing. For people to actually look up to me really means a lot. These types of things, they happen every day. A lot of women, they don’t address it. See it, recognize it — but don’t be tainted by it. Just be strong and positive,” Chyna says of the incident. “When somebody that’s actually been the closest to you says these things, other people are going to believe it. But the people that I actually care about, my family and friends, they’re all I worry about. I’m not going to sit here and hide in my house over somebody else being hurt or jealous or insecure.”


Blac Chyna Steps Out Amid Rob Kardashian Drama








































6 Photos »


/n