Gwyneth Paltrow's Goop Called Out By NASA Over Latest Bullshit Product!/n

Gwyneth Paltrow needs to be more careful about her product endorsements!
The actress' lifestyle blog Goop is known for offering some new age, eye-roll-inducing health advice — but one product promoted by the brand just got exposed by NASA for being a load of B.S.!!
On Goop's site, you can find an endorsement for stickers called Body Vibes, which claimed to use "NASA space suit material" to "rebalance the energy frequency in our bodies." Because if there's one thing astronauts need to worry about in space, it's keeping their chakras balanced.
Sounds like a total scam? We know. But Goop is all about endorsing open-minded products without any cynicism… or research, apparently.
Related: Gwyneth Says She Gets Hate Because She's 'Attractive'!
The site claims these Body Vibes "target imbalances" of your body frequency, due to everyday stresses and anxiety, using "the same conductive carbon material NASA uses to line space suits so they can monitor an astronaut's vitals during wear."
Wow, those are some fancy science words — and they name drop NASA! This can't possibly be B.S., right?
Wrong. When asked about the product, a rep from NASA's spacewalk office told Gizmodo that spacesuits aren't even made with this "conductive carbon material lining"!
Even worse, the stickers — which sell as high as $120 for a 24-pack — claim to battle ailments like anxiety and pain using something called "Bio Energy Synthesis Technology," the same technology used in products like Quantum Energy Bracelets and Health Pendants.
Related: Gwyneth Is Bringing Goop To Magazine Stands!
Richard Eaton, the founder of the company that invented these products, said he was inspired to help create Body Vibes after meeting with engineers years ago. Though he didn't go into detail when explaining the development of this energy-channeling technology, telling Gizmodo:
"Most of the research that has been collected is confidential and is held as company private information."
Well, NASA called bullshit on that, too! Mark Shelhamer, former chief scientist at NASA's human research division, said Body Vibes' secret research was "a load of BS," adding:
"Not only is the whole premise like snake oil, the logic doesn't even hold up. If they promote healing, why do they leave marks on the skin when they are removed?"
Eek. Anything to say, Gwynnie?
As it turns out, Goop owned up to its error when faced with the sticky truth. The site pulled down it's claim regarding NASA from the page's endorsement and sent an apologetic statement to Gizmodo, writing:
"As we have always explained, advice and recommendations included on goop are not formal endorsements and the opinions expressed by the experts and companies we profile do not necessarily represent the views of goop. Our content is meant to highlight unique products and offerings, find open-minded alternatives, and encourage conversation. We constantly strive to improve our site for our readers, and are continuing to improve our processes for evaluating the products and companies featured. Based on the statement from NASA, we've gone back to the company to inquire about the claim and removed the claim from our site until we get additional verification."
Better fact check next time, Goopers!
[Image via Body Vibes/WENN.]
/n