Egypt to Madge: No Thanks/n
Madonna's booking agent for her 2011 re-re-Invention Tour can safely scratch Cairo off the itinerary. No longer content with simply angering uptight conservatives by dressing provocatively, Madonna has managed to persuade an entire country to ban her from setting foot on its soil. According to published reports, Egyptian politicians have moved to bar the pop goddess from entering the country because of her recent visit Israel and her devotion to Kabbalah. The fact that Madonna has no immediate plans to visit pyramid country apparently did not deter members of Egypt's parliament from issuing an order to never issue a visa to the singer sometimes known as Esther. While Madonna's adventures in Kabbalism are well known to celebrity watchers in the U.S., many Arab press outlets are only now picking up on her conversion to the mystical form of Judaism. While Egypt has fought wars with Israel and certainly has no love for the Jewish state, the two countries signed a peace treaty in 1979. Egypt remains an ally of the U.S. and has been leaning pro-Western over the last few years, despite pressure exerted by Islamic fundamentalist factions within the country. Egypt rarely issues outright visa denials to pop stars, signaling, if nothing else, Madonna's unique ability to upset people no matter where she goes. Her September visit to one of Jerusalem's holiest sites, the Western Wall, seems to have upset not only Arabs, but some Jews as well. Orthodox Jews, who feel the singer has no business studying Kabbalah, given some of the more risqué values she has exhibited in the past, roundly criticized the singer during her jaunt. Her presence in Jerusalem also unleashed a media frenzy, with local newspapers obsessively detailing her every move and 1,000 extra police officers dispatched to protect her and the other 2,000 members of her Kabbalah delegation. One of her bodyguards, according to published reports, ended up knocking a photographer to the ground and kicking him in the face in an effort to protect the singer. For her part, though, The Material One had nothing but praise for Israel during her mid-September pilgrimage to Israel. After a quick midnight visit to the Wailing Wall, she told reporters, "It is no more dangerous to be here than it is to be in New York, and I would like to emphasize the fact that I feel very safe and very welcome...I'd like to say how happy I am to be back in Israel." While Madonna will have to hold off on that visit to the Sphinx, there's no word yet on Guy Ritchie's chances of getting an Egyptian visa anytime soon--or if there are more than five people in the country who have seen Swept Away. 
/n