‘Grey’s Anatomy’ Recap: Derek’s Surgery, Bailey’s Wedding and a Surprise Ending/n





                    Most Heartbreaking Deaths
                







Grey's Antomy's heartbreaking death scenes. 

 MORE >>










                    'Grey's Recap: Not a Princess
                







Jo and the other interns have a difficult day. 

 MORE >>





 On this episode of ABC’s Grey’s Anatomy, the doctors are all preparing for what will turn out to be one very big day for a lot of them.
That day is not just Miranda’s (Chandra Wilson) wedding day, but also the day that Jackson (Jesse Williams) harvests nerves from Derek’s (Patrick Dempsey) sister Lizzie (guest star Neve Campbell), so that Callie (Sara Ramirez) can hopefully make his hand well again. There’s another big thing that happens that day too, but we’ll talk about that in a minute.
Note: Spoilers ahead if you haven’t seen Thursday’s episode, “Run, Baby, Run.”
I always like to talk about my favorite parts of the episode first, so let’s start with the bits that made me the happiest. I’m just as giddy as I can be with where Derek and Meredith’s (Ellen Pompeo) story is going right now. Yes, I know, she’s got the whole hostile uterus thing, but I’m still very excited about their baby and I’m equally excited by the fact that he’s getting his hand fixed. They had some really sweet moments in this episode and I loved that a lot.
The second thing I loved, though we only saw it briefly, was Cristina (Sandra Oh) and Owen (Kevin McKidd) making up and making out. I have to admit, I was starting to lose some hope for them and I positively cheered when she said she wanted to try again and he practically pounced on her.
Actually, come to think of it, there wasn’t really anything in this episode that I disliked, so let’s continue looking at more of my favorite bits, shall we? The return of grumpy Miranda was nice, though in the end I do have to wonder how much of that was truly nerves about the wedding and how much about her marriage. It would suck at this point if she ended up calling off her wedding.
The whole story with Alex (Justin Chambers) and Jo (Camilla Luddington) was interesting, especially when they accidentally ended up going as each other’s dates to the wedding. I also loved Callie telling Arizona (Jessica Capshaw) to freaking get over herself about the leg thing. Jackson and April struggling to stay apart at the wedding so that they wouldn’t inadvertently end up in the sack together was hilarious, too.
 

karev's many hookups








































6 Photos »



Finally, there was the surprise ending. In the interest of full disclosure I have to say that I had read some spoilers so I wasn’t completely shocked about Adele’s (Loretta Devine) condition. I was, however, surprised at when it happened and the fact that it caused a disruption to Miranda’s wedding. I have my suspicions that we’re probably going to have a sad episode when the show returns in January. Trouble is I’m not positive if that will be because Miranda has called off her wedding, or if because we’ll end up losing Adele.
Buzz Moments
OMG!: Cristina and Owen kissing! Also, Miranda taking off her dress and veil to treat Adele!
Thank you, TV gods.: I seriously got the biggest grin on my face when Derek and Meredith heard their baby’s heartbeat for the first time.
Awk-ward: All of Miranda’s various attempts to ask her friends to be her bridesmaids.
Hotness: Jackson and Alex getting into their tuxes. Yowza.
Fab-u-lous: All the ladies in their dresses. My favorite had to be Callie’s.
Can. Not. Wait.: The surgery for Derek’s hand, in his words, may have worked and I can’t wait to see if it did.
Celebuzz Meter (1-10): 9. Overall a really good episode, especially the last few minutes.
So what did you think of “Run, Baby, Run”? What do you think is going to happen to Adele? Do you think that Miranda will call off her wedding? Did Derek’s surgery work?
– Michelle Carlbert
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n