 Javi Marroquin RIPS Kailyn Lowry’s Shocking Pregnancy: ‘I’ll Pick Up The Pieces’.../n
Kailyn Lowry ended her marriage to Javi Marroquin because she didn’t want to welcome another child. But only months after their divorce, the Teen Mom 2 star announced she is pregnant with another man’s baby. Marroquin turned to Twitter to express his shock over the betrayal.
“The boys will be okay on our end I promise,” he tweeted. He then captioned a photo of their 3-year-old son Lincoln, “My son, follow your dreams. I’ll pick up the pieces for you. Love, your daddy.”
Although Marroquin promised Lincoln and Isaac, 6, from Lowry’s previous relationship with Jo Rivera, will be okay, the same couldn’t be said for him.
“Take a shot for me,” he asked fans.
PHOTOS: Jeremy Madix Makes Serious Move With Girlfriend Despite Past Domestic Abuse History
As Radar exclusively reported, the 24-year-old is pregnant with her third child.
Only hours later, Lowry confirmed the pregnancy in a blog post.
“I am pregnant,” she wrote on Thursday night. “Please know that this was a choice I made. I already know some won’t agree, but I’ve been showered with support by the ones I love since I found out.”
She explained that while Rivera has been aware of the pregnancy “for a while now” because they can “have adult conversations about things,” Marroquin was left in the dark.
“Unfortunately, I never got to have a conversation with him about it,” Lowry wrote.
While Lowry has received backlash for the pregnancy, Marroquin received support from fans.
PHOTOS: 95 & Fabulous! Betty White Emerges From Hiding With Younger Man
“My heart goes out to @Javimarroquin9 and the boys,” a fan wrote, as another commented, “My heart breaks for Javi, I can’t imagine how he feels.”
Although she has yet to reveal the identity of her baby daddy, insiders reveal to Radar it is the man who Marroquin busted in their home in a recent TM2 episode.
Marroquin declined Radar’s request for comment.
Are you shocked by the pregnancy? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n