Maria Menounos Shares Shocking Photo Of Cancer-Stricken Mom After Brain Tumor Scare/n
Following her shocking brain cancer surgery, Maria Menounos has come forward with a touching photo of her sick mother, RadarOnline.com can report.
The star, whose mom Litsa Menounos is currently battling stage 4 brain cancer, previously shared her feelings on her health scare.
Posting a selfie alongside her mom, Maria wrote: “First I wanna say thank you all for the well wishes, prayers and support. It’s been a crazy time here in our home. I want you all to know that I’m ok! Seriously I’m recovering well and should be as good as new very very soon! Luckily I don’t need any further treatments but I can’t say the same about my mom. So please keep her in your prayers.”
PHOTOS: Maria Menounos Sizzles In Bikini On Hot Greek Getaway— Her Fit Physique In 10 Photos





 First I wanna say thank you all for the well wishes, prayers and support. It's been a crazy time here in our home. I want you all to know that I'm ok! Seriously I'm recovering well and should be as good as new very very soon! Luckily I don't need any further treatments but I can't say the same about my mom. So please keep her in your prayers. I also want to thank @people for allowing me to share my story. @juliejordanc & @mrjesscagle THANK YOU' Next-I need to thank everyone at @cedarssinai everyone there has been amazing. Most people want to rush out of the hospital to get home I kept saying I've never been treated kinder. I cried like a baby saying goodbye to the amazing nurses who took such good care of me. God bless nurses! I of course need to thank dr black and dr Chu for performing an amazing surgery and giving me the best bday gift ever-my health. And lastly, god has blessed me in so many ways but this too was a blessing. I got to hear what I have meant to my friends and family-it's been quite moving for me. I want thank all of my incredible friends, family and even strangers who have shown me and my family such kindness. @alyssawallerce Thank you for being with me every step of the way. I couldn't have done it without you. @iamjoegear You too! And to @undergaro the best nurse in the world..you never left the hospital and slept by my side there. you are my everything and I'm so thankful to you. You and dad have really been incredible to mom and me. You both have inspired me. I've never been more excited about life. I see so much so clearly. Will share more with all of you soon! Xo
A post shared by maria menounos (@mariamenounos) on Jul 3, 2017 at 7:48am PDT



Maria added on her Instagram post: “Most people want to rush out of the hospital to get home I kept saying I’ve never been treated kinder. I cried like a baby saying goodbye to the amazing nurses who took such good care of me. God bless nurses!”
Menounos then thanked the nurses who saved her life, as well as a friend who stood by her side through the nearly fatal ordeal.
“I’ve never been more excited about life. I see so much so clearly. Will share more with all of you soon!”
PHOTOS: So Cheeky! Maria Menounos & Fiancé Get Frisky On The Beach
After undergoing surgery, Maria told People: “This February I thought I had an ear infection so I went to a doctor, and he said, ‘Your ears are the cleanest things I’ve ever seen. What else are you feeling?’ I’d been getting light-headed on-set and having headaches. My speech had gotten slurred, and I was having difficulty reading the teleprompter. I said, ‘I know you’re going to think I’m crazy, but I think I have a brain tumor like my mom.'”
As Radar readers know, three months later the former TV host went in for a scan.
The doctors concluded it was a benign brain tumor, and removed it. She has now left her job at E! and is spending time at home, recovering.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n