Custody War? Farrah's Mom Debra Sounds Off On Boyfriend Simon's Shocking Accusations/n
Is Farrah Abraham the latest Teen Mom star involved in a custody war? Abraham’s on-again, off-again boyfriend Simon Saran accused her mom Debra Danielsen of trying to take custody of her daughter Sophia from her. Danielsen exclusively reveals to RadarOnline.com the truth behind the shocking rumor!
Saran made the accusation over Twitter by writing, “You beg Farrah for screen time. Heard you and an attorney are talking to take Sophia away. Anything for more screen time!”
But Danielsen denies the claim, telling Radar exclusively, “Why would I hire an attorney and go against my family? That’s against my religion. Simon doesn’t share our faith and talks out of his a**. He can’t talk about stuff he doesn’t know.”
PHOTOS: Farrah, Catelynn & Amber Bury The Hatchet, Go On Triple Date In LA — Plus, Their MTV Movie Awards Outfits!
She then claimed most of the accusations made by Saran are “not true.”
“He sits at home and makes stuff up,” she continued. “He makes up horrible things. A man who loves my daughter and my granddaughter would do things to make us happy and come together as a family. He continues to tear our family apart and he does a good job of it.”
Danielsen added that Saran is “evil” and “passive aggressive.”
PHOTOS: Farrah Abraham Celebrates 25th Birthday With ‘Teen Mom’ Pal Jenelle Evans
As Radar readers know, Danielsen and Abraham are currently on the outs despite their attempt to mend their relationship on Marriage Bootcamp: Reality Stars Family Edition.
“Farrah excommunicated me and I can’t see my granddaughter,” she said. “Simon broke up a family. Farrah has blocked me. She doesn’t talk to me it’s been a while now. I’ve only tried to help her. They’re my world. I’ve done everything for them.”
On the Teen Mom season finale tonight, Abraham gets into a fight with Danielson’s fiancé David.
PHOTOS: Drunken Hookups, Athlete Lovers & Public Sex: Farrah Abraham’s XXX Secrets Exposed
Despite the family feud, she is moving forward with their wedding.
Do you think Saran is lying? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n