Tuesday Ten: 10 Fashion Pieces That’ll Get You Into the Valentine’s Day Spirit/n





                    21 Outrageous Celebrity Valentine's Day Gifts
                







Roses are red, violets are blue — and we're green with envy.

 MORE >>





Wear your heart on your sleeve. Literally.

Valentine’s Day just around the corner and we’ve got the perfect fashion pieces for the special day. Whether you’re looking for a knockout dress for your fancy night out or just something comfy and chic for a Netflix and Chill session, these stylish items will put anyone in a romantic mood. (Insert heart eyes emoji here.)
Celebrate V-Day with some of our favorite styles — below!





1. Wildfox “I’m Yours” Sweater, $98. Don’t sacrifice warmth for style. Even though Valentine’s Day is a winter holiday, you can still look good for your SO with a cute knit. Pair this sweater with a flirty skirt for date night, or dress it down with leggings or jeans for an adorable daytime look.
2. Sapphire Bliss Marilyn Babydoll, $238. This year, surprise your special someone with some sexy-yet-sophisticated lingerie. This silk teddy is super flattering on just about everyone, so you can stop worrying about feeling bloated from all the V-Day candy you’ll be eating.
3. BooHoo Lola Mini Bodycon Lip Dress, $16. Va-va-voom! Show off your curves in a figure-hugging frock. We love how this LBD got a little V-Day makeover.
4. Alice + Olivia Heart-Print Woven Skirt, $348 $174. Don’t have time to get dolled up? This chic A-line skirt is the perfect day-to-night piece. Jessica Alba, Kate Hudson, and Bella Thorne are all fans of the brand.
5. Ban.do “Extreme Hearts” Canvas Duffel Bag, $54. Nothing says romantic getaway like heart-patterned luggage! This canvas weekender is great for those who are going on vacation — or staycation! — this V-Day.


valentine's day outfit inspiration from your faves








































14 Photos »


6. Itsy Bitsy Sterling Silver “Love” Ring, $30 $11. We don’t need to remind you that Valentine’s Day is all about love. Let your feelings be known with a delicate piece of jewelry.
7. JustFab Amoreena Heels, $39. Who doesn’t love a pair of red heels? We’re totally diggin’ the subtle nod to V-Day on these stilettos.
8. Flower Eyewear Lily Sunglasses, $39. Add a little eye candy to your life. Designed by Drew Barrymore, these wine-colored sunnies look dope even after Valentine’s Day.
9. Mighty Purse Brown Heart Wristlet, $99 $79. Keep your phone fully charged for your date night. Made with genuine leather, this clutch has a built-in rechargeable battery and cord that can power up any mobile devices on-the-go.
10. Kate Spade Tell All Happy Together Emoji Bracelet, $58 $40. For the gal who can’t stop texting heart eyes to bae, you can now wear your favorite emoji on your sleeve. Pro tip: there are also matching earring, too!


14 Swoonworthy Audiobooks for Valentine's Day








































14 Photos »


/n