Scheana Marie Cuddles Up to New Love at Red Carpet Premiere One Week After Finalizing Divorce/n
Scheana Marie is showing her support for her new man.
One week after finalizing her divorce from ex-husband Michael Shay, the Vanderpump Rules star hit the red carpet with her beau, Robert Valletta, on Wednesday night at the premiere of his new show.
Held at Yamashiro restaurant in Hollywood, Marie, 31, stood by Valletta’s side and posed for pictures at the L.A. premiere of the CBS series, This Is LA, which was also attended by her Vanderpump Rules cast mates Lala Kent and James Kennedy. Valletta will host the CBS lifestyle program that will feature new local businesses, restaurants, trends and more with an emphasis on what’s trending in L.A.
Last fall, Scheana and Shay — they wed on July 27, 2014 in a televised ceremony — chose to “focus on themselves” and live separately for the indefinite future at the beginning of November (when Shay went off the radar for six days), but decided to file for divorce weeks later.
RELATED VIDEO: Vanderpump Rules’ Scheana Shay and Husband Michael Are Divorcing After Two Years of Marriage

“While we have made the difficult decision to move forward separately, our story will continue on through the love and mutual respect that we have cultivated throughout our 15-year friendship. Much of the recent speculation and reporting on our relationship has been misguided, and we have come to an amicable decision on all matters,” the couple said in a joint statement obtained by PEOPLE.
“We might have failed at our marriage, but we are committed to succeeding as friends and will continue to support each other’s personal happiness and professional success,” the statement continued.
Following her split from Shay, PEOPLE confirmed in February that the Bravo personality is dating Valletta.
“Scheana is focused on getting through this difficult time and finding a new balance in her life. She wasn’t expecting to meet somebody new so soon; she certainly wasn’t looking for it,” a source close to Marie previously told PEOPLE. “She’s taking things slow, but is finally optimistic on what the future might hold.”
FROM COINAGE: The Cost of Dancing With the Stars’ Mirrorball Trophy

“In Scheana’s previous relationship she carried the weight, in regards to finances and responsibility,” the source continued. “It’s refreshing to see her with somebody who matches her own ambition and work ethic.”
This is LA will premiere May 7 at 3 p.m. ET on CBS, and Vanderpump Rules airs Mondays (9 p.m. ET) on Bravo.
/n