Britney Spears -- No More Promises/nBritney Spears has finished her nearly month-long rehab stint -- and has checked out of Promises in Malibu.  The pop princess left the treatment facility late yesterday  "after successfully completing their program, " said her manager, Larry Rudolph, in a statement released by Jive Records. As TMZ reported yesterday, Spears has made an amazing turnaround since she entered Promises on February 22. What's more, as we reported, she and Kevin Federline have agreed share custody of their sons temporarily as they finalize their divorce.  Meanwhile, things aren't quite so amazing for K-Fed. As Page Six reports, the one-time rapper has had to cancel his birthday party in Hollywood tonight at Eleven nightclub, possibly because party sponsors bailed. Federline had reportedly tried to get a glossy magazine to cover the bash – for $25,000 – but none of them bit. According to his rep, Kevin  "decided that one party was enough. "   Richie Collapses on  "Life " Set?  Nicole Richie suffered a collapse on the set of  "The Simple Life " last week, and her health issues are slowing down the production – and pissing off co-star Paris Hilton. According to Ben Widdicombe of the New York Daily News, the health-challenged Richie had to be  "taken to her trailer immediately " after the on-set incident, and that at times she has  "had trouble walking and speaking clearly, " though no ambulances have been called. The show's co-creator, Jon Murray, told the Daily News,  "There were a couple times when [Nicole] felt a little woozy and she sat down for a moment, [but] we continued within five to ten minutes. " Murray adds that Richie also suffered a  "dehydration thing " earlier.   Brandy Replaced by Sharon Osbourne on  "Talent "?  Troubled pop princess Brandy Norwood could be replaced as a judge on Simon Cowell's  "America's Got Talent " by Sharon Osbourne, reports the New York Post, citing a report on Televisionary. With significant legal trouble in Brandy's future, stemming from her involvement in a car accident in which a woman was killed, as TMZ first reported, Osbourne may step-in to take Brandy's spot. Studio sources say that talks are  "ongoing " with Osbourne, who also appears as a judge on Cowell's blockbuster UK talent-contest hit,  "X-Factor. " NBC had no comment.  Party Favors: Lindsay Dogs It Two Times ... Terrence Howard:  "I Am A Difficult Man " ... Cruise Set for WWII Thriller  Lindsay Lohan has a couple of new boytoys – dogs, that is. La Lohan tells GQ (via Page Six), in an interview conveyed by text message, that she bought two puppies in a  "sober impulse " purchase. One is a Jack Russell terrier named Brooklyn, who's white and black ( "like Chanel ") and a Yorkie called Dakota ( "like my movie name and my lil bro "). Lohan tells the mag that she's hoping the pooches will help her stay home at night. ... Actor Terrence Howard tells The Sports Interview that he might not be the easiest guy to get along with in a relationship.  "I am gonna have trouble with any woman that I am with because I am a difficult man, but I might as well have trouble with somebody that I really love. " ... Tom Cruise will start work on an untitled World War II thriller for director Bryan Singer this summer, reports Variety, with a script by Chris McQuarrie, with whom Singer teamed for  "The Usual Suspects. "/n