The Originals Boss Reveals Everything You Should Know About Nathaniel Buzolic's Return as Kol! While we can't get enough of Teen Wolf alum Daniel Sharman as the new version of mischevious Original brother Kol on The Originals, noth.../n
While we can't get enough of Teen Wolf alum Daniel Sharman as the new version of mischevious Original brother Kol on The Originals, nothing will ever beat the original Original portrayer, Nathaniel Buzolic.Back on The Vampire Diaries and a few times on the spinoff series, Buzolic shined as the gleefully devious and evil vampire before Sharman took over as Kol placed in the body of a witch this season. But in tonight's epic midseason finale, fans will finally get to see Buzolic back as Kol!The Originals executive producer Michael Narducci revealed some major scoop to E! News on the "jam packed" episode, including everything you could possibly want to know about Buzolic's big return.

"One of the things that happens in this episode is there is a flashback storyline where we get to see Nathaniel Buzolic back as Kol," Narducci said. "We get to see what he was up to 100 years ago in New Orleans and what led to his interactions with his siblings and why, when we met him on The Vampire Diaries, he was daggered and in a box."According to The Originals boss, Kol had a specific plan in the past that has major ramifications for the present."He had an agenda back in 1914 with the witches," Narducci said. "That definitely informs Kol's alliance with Davina [Danielle Campbell] now and his feelings towards his siblings. He's walking a very fine line. He has no love for Esther [Sonja Sohn] and is being controlled and manipulated by her, and he's always felt, to a certain extent, that he was left out of the 'always and forever' vow between Klaus [Joseph Morgan] and Elijah [Daniel Gillies] and Rebekah [Claire Holt]. So he has complex relationships with both sides of this struggle. He has a very interesting role to play in this episode."

Kol may have shifted his allegiance to his brothers in the last episode, but will he stay loyal in the midseason finale?"That is the million dollar question," Narducci hedged.One reunion that is sure to be tense as hell is the long-awaited reunion between Mikael (Sebastian Roche) and Esther, and it all goes down in tonight's episode!"Mikael is definitely going to have an attitude about some of the things that Esther has done, namely the fact that she brought back Finn [Yusuf Gatewood], Kol and Ansel [Lloyd Owen] in the flesh, but certainly didn't care enough about Mikael to bring him back too," Narducci teased. "He had to rely on Davina. So when he sees Esther, they have a lot of unfinished business and a lot to discuss."But that discussion could lead to a devastating result for Klaus and his siblings."Surprisingly, we realize that their drives are not mutually exclusive," Narducci said. "Mikael has always hated Klaus, and Esther realizes Klaus is the one standing in the way of Elijah and Rebekah possibly accepting her deal, so it might be time for them to make an alliance to get rid of Klaus. It's a pretty frightening alliance if it were to go forward!"

But you know what the opposite of frightening is? Two parents finally reuniting with their child!"Klaus, Hayley [Phoebe Tonkin] and Hope's reunion is really beautiful," Narducci said. "Our actors did such a great job of playing the complex series of emotions from relief to joy to the tragedy of having been separated to the notion that the threat has not in any way diminished and that this baby is still very much in danger. Esther is desperate for her children to take her bargain and if Esther finds out that Hope is still alive, the child would be in imminent danger. As happy as they are and as joyous as this reunion might be, they know that they need to find a way to join together as a family and stand against their mother. That is what this episode is all about."And the bittersweet reunion is also marred by the fact that Elijah is still dealing with negative effects from Esther's spell.

"He's really struggling with the revelations of what he did and what he's kept buried for so many years behind that red door," Narducci said. "Those poor people in that diner suffered the consequences of that. He was so paranoid that they were a threat to the child so he slaughtered the lot of them, like, ‘Better safe than sorry.' And Rebekah looks at that and realizes that is not the brother she knows. We're going to have to deal with what's going on with Elijah in the coming episodes for sure."Hayley's current plans to marry Jackson (Nathan Parsons) for the benefit of their entire werewolf pack sure isn't helping Elijah's current situation, either."Before she can marry Jackson, she needs to see her daughter, and the only way for her to eliminate the threat of Esther and her werewolf army is to conduct this ceremony that would form a new pack," Narducci said. "That would allow her to essentially steal this entire pack of werewolves from the person who is threatening her child. It's the best thing she could as a mom to protect her baby, but she needs to decide how she feels about Elijah and confront him and see how he feels. We'll see his reaction in an extremely powerful scene."

As for Cami (Leah Pipes), now that Esther has prepared her body for Rebekah to jump into it, the "clock is ticking" on her life. Marcel (Charles Michael Davis) and Davina will try to help her, but she's going to take matters into her own hands."Cami is going to confront Finn in what is one of my favorite scenes of the episode," Narducci said of her plan to save herself from the body swap spell. "You'll learn his side of the story and why he thinks he's the hero in this situation. It's quite frightening and insightful."Narducci warns fans to buckle up, because the whole hour is going to majorly shake-up the show at its core."It's a really exciting midseason finale, jam packed with a lot of interesting twists," Narducci said. "And it really sets up our next run of episodes which are some of my favorite of the series. I'm really excited for the fans to see it!"The Originals airs Mondays at 8 pm on the CW.
/n