Does Tom Hiddleston Regret Dating Taylor Swift?/n





                    Tom Hiddleston Insists His Relationship with Taylor Swift 'Was Real'
                







This was not a joke or a music video

 MORE >>





After the strolls through Europe and the infamous “I <3 T.S.” wet t-shirt contest, does Tom Hiddleston regret dating Taylor Swift?

Hiddleston was asked this very question in a recent interview with The Telegraph. Introducing his profile on the actor, the reporter, John Hiscock, pondered about Hiddleswift, “With hindsight, I wonder, does he have any regrets about the publicity and gossip the romance engendered?”
“What should I regret, in your mind? I would rather not talk about this if that’s alright,” Hiddleston shot back “testily.”
“I’m just thinking about this,” the actor added. “Everyone is entitled to a private life. I love what I do and I dedicate myself with absolute commitment to making great art and great entertainment, and in my mind I don’t conflict the two. My work is in the public sphere and I have a private life. And those two things are separate.”


Tom Hiddleston and Taylor Swift Out for a Stroll on the Beach in Suffolk








































23 Photos »


Hiddleston was asked about the relationship again on Tuesday morning (Mar. 7, 2017) during a visit to the Today show when Savannah Guthrie questioned what it was like to be involved in such a high-profile courtship. He sighed and stammered before replying, “I make a clear distinction between my work, which I absolutely dedicate myself to, which is for the public. I really believe in that relationship between an actor and the audience. You can’t call yourself an actor without the public, and my private life is private.”
Swift and Hiddleston began dating in the summer of 2016 and ended their relationship just a few months later in September. Launch the gallery at the top of the page to view photos of their jaunt in Italy and watch Hiddleston’s appearance on Today below.


 


/n