RHONY Costars & Twitter React To Luann de Lesseps & Tom D'Agostino's Divorce News!/n

What a sad day for Luann de Lesseps.
As we previously reported, the Real Housewives Of New York star took to Twitter on Thursday to announce that she and Tom D'Agostino are planning to divorce. Of course, not many were shocked to learn this update as the Countess' relationship to the businessman has been riddled with scandal since, like, day one.
Related: Ramona Singer's Younger Brother Died Three Weeks Ago
Nonetheless, countless RHONY fans flocked to the social media site to rally behind the Bravolebrity amid the dissolution of her marriage. We mean, de Lesseps' costar Ramona Singer has already weighed in on the news. Oh, and Andy Cohen made sure to share Luann's Twitter announcement.
Be sure to take a peek at the MANY reactions for yourself (below)! 

I am so sad for you ….
— Ramona Singer (@ramonasinger) August 3, 2017
 

Luann marrying Tom despite all the women explaining how awful he is then her immediately regretting it is a great metaphor for the Trump era
— Ryan Houlihan (@RyanHoulihan) August 3, 2017

sorry to hear that Lu. Sending you thoughts and love. xo
— Josh McBride (@JoshyMcB) August 3, 2017


Wow - savage tweet alert: @Andy can we get a reunion reshoot?!
— Chloe Sorvino (@chloesorvino) August 3, 2017


DO NOT SPEAK TO ME UNLESS IT'S ABOUT COUNTESS LUANN DE LESSEPS D'AGOSTINO
— Erika Harwood (@erikaharwood) August 3, 2017


pic.twitter.com/WbRTkobbZt
— James Harness (@JamesHarness) August 3, 2017


As much as anyone watching is not surprised, it must be hard to go through and admit against all the opposition. That takes a lot of courage pic.twitter.com/fVVmc9euoE
— NickieNix (@NickieNix) August 3, 2017


Now we have single Luanne. I'm happy for her she's cooler than Tom pic.twitter.com/9BPZVGzaEC
— Sam Chasse (@samuelchasse) August 3, 2017


Are we supposed to be shocked #RHONY pic.twitter.com/tiwyhjXbXQ
— Kate Pena (@KPena8) August 3, 2017
In addition to the tweets, Sonja Morgan told E! News:

"I told Luann I'm there for her whether this worked out or not and here I am. Men come and go, and at the end the day, we have our girlfriends, don't we? I wanted it to work out, but I want her to know I'm here for her."
Ramona also elaborated on her thoughts, saying:

"My heart breaks for her. Luann went into this wanting to make it work. I've never seen her happier."
Dorinda Medley told Us Weekly:

"It's always a sad thing when a marriage doesn't work and I hope everyone respects their privacy during this sad time. I wish them both the best."
As always, our thoughts are with the estranged couple during this hard time.
/n