‘The Voice’ Recap: The Fight Is on Between Adam, Blake and Christina to Fill Their Teams (VIDEO)/n





                    'The Voice' Gets 2 More
                







The singing show is renewed for two more seasons. 

 MORE >>





 Things got heated on Tuesday’s episode of NBC’s The Voice as all four coaches fought to complete their teams with only 12 open spots left in the competition.
Adam Levine, Blake Shelton and Christina Aguilera were all particularly feisty tonight as Cee Lo Green seemed to casually add another contender to his ranks. Though the Goodie Mob frontman did throw his hat into the round for one bout.
Long Beach native, Charlie Rey brought out the competitive edges in both Adam and Blake. During the 25-year-old’s fantastic rendition of Michael Buble’s “Home,” Blake even got up to yell at Adam as he pushed his button. When Adam attempted to take back his comment that he’s a better coach then Blake, the country crooner responded, “It’s already out there. It exists. It’s a living breathing organism of thought.” In the end, Rey chose Team Blake as Blake was holding his arms open for him.
Who else did the coaches fight for?

The last singing hopeful of the night, Cassadee Pope, was the only contendor to turn the chairs of all four coaches. Having previously fronted the band, Hey Monday, and toured with Fall Out Boy, her experience performing was apparent as she nailed Natalie Imbruglia’s “Torn.”


'the voice' season 3 teams: the performers 








































72 Photos »


Christina and Adam’s rivalry from previous seasons was sparked again as they fought over who pushed their button first. When Pope told the coaches she was in a band and just recently went solo, Christina told her, “I know how to make a solo career happen.” Adam quickly quipped back with, “I can do both.”
Despite their best efforts, Pope went with her gut and chose to be a part of Team Blake after he told her, “There’s nobody else like you. I believe with 200 percent of my heart, that you Cassadee are a superstar.”
Christina and Cee Lo both added one contestant to their teams on Tuesday night as Adam came up empty handed.


'the voice' press junket in malibu








































8 Photos »


Joining Team Christina was 19-year-old Silvia Yacoub after her performance of Rihanna’s “Only Girl In The World.” While, Cee Lo grabbed former Adele backup singer Amanda Brown who performed Amy Winehouse’s “Valerie.”
With only eight spots left on the coaches’ four teams, we’re excited to see how the teams will be completed.
At the end of Week 3, here’s how the teams stand:
Team Adam – Benji, Collin McLoughlin, Alessandra Guerico, Brian Scartocci, Melanie Martinez, Adana Duru, Loren Allred, Nicole Nelson, Samuel Mouton, Bryan Keith, Joe Kirkland, Brandon Mahone, Sam James, Michelle Brooks-Thompson
Team Blake – Liz David, Kelly Crapa, 2 Steel Girls (Allison & Krystal Steel), Casey Muessigmann, Julie Cesar Castillo, Graicia Harrison, Terry McDermott, Lelia Broussard, Michaela Paige, Ryan Jirovec, Suzanna Choffel, Terisa Griffin, Charlie Rey, Cassadee Pope
Team Cee Lo- Ben Taub, Todd Kessler, Emily Earle, Mycle Wastman, JR Aquina, Avery Wilson, Nicholas David, Domo, MacKenzie Bourg, Daniel Rose, Trevin Hunte, Alexis Marceaux, Diego Val, Amanda Brown
Team Christina – Joselyn Rivera, Beat Frequency, Paulina, Lisa Scinta, MarissaAnn, Nelly’s Echo, Adriana Louise, Aquile, De’Borah, Devyn Deloera, Dez Duron, Jordan Pruitt, Laura Vivas, Silvia Yacoub
Who did you think gave the best performance tonight?

 brightcove.createExperiences();

 
/n