PHOTOS: The Sexiest Women Of England -- Stripped Down!/n
Big Ben, Buckingham Palace and Stonehenge aren’t the only attractions that England has to offer — the Brit country is home to some of the hottest bikini babes in the world! RadarOnline.com is honoring the sexiest supermodels, singers and actresses of England in this special photo feature. Click the next sentence to see the sexiest women of England, stripped down into their barely there bikinis.
Click Here To See The Sexiest Women Of England—Stripped Down!
Your royal hotness! Kate Middleton has a life that little girls dream of. Not only has the beautiful girl next door scored the world’s most sought after bachelor, but she has one of the most flawless figures from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
Click Here To See Kate Middleton’s White Hot Bikini Bod
PHOTOS: Indecent Exposure!  Stars Show A Little More Than Skin
Everyone was shocked when the news broke that Megan Fox was being replaced in the Transformers franchise, but if anyone is hot enough to fill the big screen bombshell’s shoes, it is Rosie Huntington-Whiteley. The flawlessly figured Angel gets paid the big bucks to strip down into skimpy bras and panties for Victoria’s Secret, so it should come as no surprise that she has one of the hottest bodies on the beach. Jason Statham is one lucky action hero to call this Brit babe his girlfriend!
Click Here To See Rosie Huntington-Whiteley In Her Bikini
PHOTOS: The Sexiest Victoria’s Secret Models Of All Times In Their Bikinis!
Eliza Doolittle is an up-and-coming Brit singer, who is known for her sassy songs, wacky sense of fashion and her smoking hot bikini bod.  The Skinny Genes singer has swerving curves, which she isn’t afraid to show off in the tiniest of swimsuits.
Click Here To See Eliza Doolittle’s Banging Bikini Bod
PHOTOS: Bikini Wars! Sexy Songbirds Battle It Out On The Beach
When it comes to blockbuster babes, Brit stars Keira Knightley and Emma Watson demand some of the highest paychecks in Hollywood. Both the Pirates of the Caribbean star and the Harry Potter hottie have the smarts and the sexiness to sell tickets at the box office.
Click Here To See Keira Knightley’s Crazy Gorgeous Bikini Body
Click Here To See Emma Watson’s Wondrous Curves
PHOTOS: The Best Booty’s On The Beach
And when it comes to sex symbols, Katie Price (aka Jordan) and Kelly Brook play the part to perfection. Both the boobilicious reality show star and the scorching hot Piranha actress bring all the boys to the beach with their flawless figures.
Click Here To See Katie Price’s Perfect Bod
Click Here to See Kelly Brook’s Bodacious Body
PHOTOS: Bikinis! Hollywood’s Sexiest Singles Strip Down
What other Brit babes steam up England when they strip down? Click here to find out.
RELATED STORIES:
PHOTOS: When Plastic Is Not Fantastic-Stars Who Went Under The Knife And Regret It
PHOTOS: Real Or Fake?  The Bikini Wars Boob Showdown
EXCLUSIVE VIDEO: Victoria’s Secret Angels Share Sexy Secrets! /n