Serena Williams Speaks Out on Racial Injustice and Police Violence/n





                    Serena Williams Is the 'Greatest Athlete Ever'
                







Tell em, Nike

 MORE >>





Serena Williams shared a short and poignant essay about her perspective on police violence in America on Facebook.

Williams wrote that she asked her 18-year-old nephew, who is black, to drive her to her meetings so that she could work on her phone while in transit. As they drove, Williams noticed a police officer on the side of the road and instinctually grew protective over every aspect of her nephew’s handling of the vehicle.
“I quickly checked to see if he was obliging by the speed limit,” Williams wrote before recalling the fatal shooting of Philando Castile. “Than [sic] I remembered that horrible video of the woman in the car when a cop shot her boyfriend. All of this went through my mind in a matter of seconds. I even regretted not driving myself. I would never forgive myself if something happened to my nephew. He’s so innocent.  So were all ‘the others.'”

“I am a total believer that not “everyone” is bad,” she continued. “It is just the ones that are ignorant, afraid, uneducated, and insensitive that is affecting millions and millions of lives.”
Referencing Dr. Martin Luther King’s quote, “There comes a time when silence is betrayal,” Williams concluded her essay with four words: “I/Won’t/Be/Silent.”


	Serena Williams and Andy Murray Dominate 2016 Wimbledon Championships








































26 Photos »


Williams’ post arrives immediately after Keith Lamont Scott was killed by two police officers in Charlotte, North Carolina, on Sept. 20, and after Terence Crutcher was shot to death by Officer Betty Shelby in Tulsa, Oklahoma on Sept. 16. She previously spoke out about police brutality last October when she vocalized her support of the Black Lives Matter movement.
Williams’ essay has been shared over 17,000 times at the time of this post’s publishing. Read it in its entirety over on Williams’ Facebook page.
/n