Zac Efron vs. Arthur Nory Mariano: Two Hunks Competing in the Olympics of Simone Biles' Heart He also wrote a portion in Portuguese, which roughly translated to, "Get out of here, Zac Efron! Are you thinking I'm some kind of f.../n
This is the real competition of the 2016 Rio Olympics...Zac Efron and Simone Biles may have just about broke the Internet Tuesday when they shared an adorable photo of the actor kissing the gymnast on the cheek, but someone else is giving the Hollywood hunk a run for his money...Arthur Nory Mariano!Yes, the super sexy Brazilian gymnast—who calls himself her "international boyfriend" and definitely gives Zac some fierce competition in the looks department—took to Instagram to share a photo kissing Biles on the cheek, calling the actor out and making sure he knows who her man really is."Hey @zacefron I saw her first... She is my girl," he captioned the photo, jokingly. But in all seriousness, he added, "Proud of you Simone! You are phenomal [sic] in whole world and special. You made history. Love u."

He also wrote a portion in Portuguese, which roughly translated to, "Get out of here, Zac Efron! Are you thinking I'm some kind of fool? I've been with her since 2013. She's my girl...We have a brick bond!"As if the crying of laughter emoji at the end of the caption wasn't sign enough, this is all in jest. Mariano recently told reporters he and Simone have always joked about being together.Of course, we still can't help but envision a royal battle between the mega hunks, duking it out for the ultimate prize of Simone's gold medal heart... So even though this is all just fun in the name of social media, we have to ask: Which hunk would you choose?!



NBC News/TODAY

Meanwhile, Zac and Simone's picture was such a sensation due to the history of adorableness that's blossomed between the two over the last several months.It all started way back in March when Simone admitted her big crush on Zac during an appearance The Ellen DeGeneres Show."Is it just 'cause he's gorgeous, is that why you like him?" Ellen DeGeneres asked, to which Simone responded a confident, "Yes!" Ellen even presented the athlete with her very own leotard covered with Zac's face and bod...a total necessity, if you ask us!Since then, their social media gush fest has only continued, and their cuteness eventually reached a pinnacle point on Tuesday when Simone and Zac finally got to meet face to face! Thanks to Hoda Kotb, the hunky star was able to make it to Rio to surprise the young gymnast, taking over social media when they exchanged a couple pecks on the cheek.
/n