Mrs. Partridge in a Sex Romp?/nWhat's this-- the matriarch of the Partridge  family in bed with a 24-year-old stud? It happens in  "Grandma's  Boy, " a boisterous comedy produced by Adam Sandler's company.  "It's a different role for me, " laughs Jones, the star of   "Oklahoma!, "  "Carousel, "  "Music Man " and other squeaky-clean  movies.   "People ask me, `Why would you want to do a role like this?' I  say, `Look, I've been Mrs. Partridge for many years. Let's face it:  I won an Academy Award for playing a prostitute in `Elmer Gantry.'  This is the kind of role that at my age (71) it's fun to play. "  The fun starts, she related, when three housemates -- played by  herself, Shirley Knight and Doris Roberts -- find a jar left in the  kitchen by a previous tenant. The contents look like tea, so they  heat up a brew. What they're actually sipping is hashish. That's  when things get wild with a group of fun-loving young men.  A possible antidote to  "Grandma's Boy, " which opens Jan. 6,  could be  "Hidden Places, " which airs on the Hallmark Channel on  Jan. 28 at 9 p.m. Being a Hallmark production, it's gotta have  heart and nothing to upset the family.  So appropriately enough, Jones plays an old lady with glasses,  long gray wig and men's clothes who has been banished to a back  bedroom by her Depression-era farm family. When the father dies,  his daughter and two children face losing the farm. Aunt Betty,  called Aunt Batty by her relatives, comes to the rescue.  From horny grandma to goofy aunt in the same month -- just  another chapter in an amazing, unending career that has seen every  form of show business except the circus.  But who knows -- that could be next.  Shirley Jones lives in a rambling, hillside house in suburban  Encino with her husband and manager, former comic Marty Ingels, and  three dogs.  The pets bark noisily at an arriving visitor, then turn  downright friendly. When the noise dies down, Jones settles onto a  soft divan for an interview. She'll be 72 on March 31 but shows  little evidence of her calendar age except for the snow-white hair,  close-cut with stylish bangs.  She demonstrated her resilience last summer when she starred on  Broadway in  "42nd Street, " playing opposite her son Patrick  Cassidy.  "I hadn't done a show in 38 years, and I had four songs  and five costume changes, " she remarked.  "I'm no kid, and I said  to Patrick, `I'm not sure I can make 8-9 shows a week. I'm not sure  I can sing that much, even though I'm still doing concerts.'  Patrick said, `I'll take care of you,' and he did. "  Jones started her career in her hometown of Smithton, Pa., where  at age 6 she was the youngest member of the church choir. She  played leads in high school musicals and appeared summers at the  Pittsburgh Playhouse. She won the beauty contest for Miss  Pittsburgh and barely missed becoming Miss Pennsylvania.  In the summer of 1953, on her way to college with plans for a  veterinarian degree, something  "incredible " happened.   "I was 17, and I went to an open audition for Rodgers and  Hammerstein, who had three shows on Broadway and needed  replacements, " she recalled.  "I sang for the casting director,  and he asked me what I had done, and I said nothing, really. He  said Richard Rodgers was across the street, and he'd like Mr.  Rodgers to hear me personally. "  Rodgers liked what he heard, and he sent for Oscar Hammerstein.  By this time the accompanist had left, and the pair took Jones  across the street to sing with the City Center Symphony, which was  preparing for another company of  "Oklahoma! " The girl, who had  never heard a symphony orchestra, much less sing with one, did  three songs from the show and was offered a contract and a role in  the long-running  "South Pacific. "   "I thought I should go on to college, " she said,  "but my  parents told me, `This might be the chance of a lifetime; you can  always go to college. "'  After six months with a minor role in  "South Pacific, " Jones  learned R&H had a grander plan for her: the female lead in the  movie version of  "Oklahoma! " She did well in an audition but was  considered too young and inexperienced.  She was assigned the lead of another R&H show,  "Me and  Juliet. " After six months, during which scores of girls tried out  for the role of  "Oklahoma's " Laurie, Jones was brought back to  the production, sailed through a screen test and was chosen for the  part.  She followed with the film version of  "Carousel " and  "April  Love, " a youth musical with Pat Boone. Then Hollywood stopped  making musicals; they performed well in the U.S. but bombed in the  all-important European market.  Jones turned to drama, stunning the film trade with her 1960  performance for  "Elmer Gantry. " Later, she turned to television,  where she was embraced by a whole new generation of fans as the  mother of  "The Partridge Family " (1970-1974), in which she  starred with her stepson, David Cassidy.  She has pleasant memories of the series and keeps in touch with  most of her  "family. "  "It was a wonderful almost five years, "  she said glowingly.  "I got to stay home, raise my kids. " She has  three sons from her marriage to Broadway singer Jack Cassidy, and  now she has seven grandchildren.  Shirley Jones gives no sign of quitting. She is booked for four  concerts in early 2006, some with symphony orchestras, some with  piano accompaniment and clips of her movies. She has regular  sessions with a voice coach and pedals several miles daily on her  stationary bicycle.   "I lost 14 pounds doing `42nd Street, "' she commented,  "and I  swore I would keep them off. And I have. "/n