Meltdown! Ben Affleck Curses, Slurs Words In Bizarre Rant: 'It's So F**king Stupid!'/n
Is Ben Affleck‘s divorce drama with Jennifer Garner leading to a massive meltdown? The actor launched a bizarre rant over football scandal deflategate while on the sports talk show Any Given Wednesday.
While discussing Tom Brady’s punishment after he was accused of deflating footballs in 2015, Affleck slurred his words and cursed all throughout the rant.
“Deflategate is the ultimate bulls**t f**king outrage of sports ever,” Affleck, 43, fired. “It’s so f**king stupid that I can’t believe it. You realize they gave him a suspension of a quarter of the regular season, which would be equivalent to suspending a baseball player for 40 f**king days. Which is what they do when you get busted taking steroids!”
PHOTOS: Bullying, Booze & Suicidal Thoughts! 11 Shocking Secrets Of ‘The Little Couple’ Jen Arnold & Bill Klein Exposed In New Tell-All
He then blasted the NFL for suspending Brady for “not giving his f**king cell phone.”
“I would never give an organization as leak-prone as the NFL my f–king cell phone so you can just look through my emails and listen to my voicemails,” said Affleck, who separated from his wife in June 2015. “Maybe it’s just funny, lovely sex messages from his wife. Maybe Tom Brady is just so f–king classy and such a f–king gentleman that he doesn’t want people to know that he may have reflected on his real opinion of some of his coworkers.”
Affleck fired shots at New York Giants player Eli Manning.
PHOTOS: Marriage Trouble? Ben Affleck & Jen Garner Living Separate Lives – Troubled Pair Not Seen Together In 31 Days
“Eli did a whole layout with The New York Times, a cute spread two years ago of what goes into an Eli football,” he bashed. “A lot of massage, a lot of sandpaper. Nobody even thought to think there was something wrong with that!”
He then explained how football players across the board think the scandal is “bulls**t.”
“This is a conspiracy of people who all work in the NFL who come from organizations where Tom Brady whipped their ass in the last 10 to 15 years,” the father of three said. “It’s a f**king ridiculous smear campaign!”
Could the meltdown have to do with his recent divorce drama? Radar exclusively revealed Affleck accused Garner of leaking their divorce secrets.
“Jen swears up and down that nothing in the press about the state of their relationship is out there because of her,” a source said. “[She’s] not done a thing to encourage the bad press about Ben.”
Despite her denials, Affleck reportedly “doesn’t believe her.”
What do you think of Affleck’s bizarre rant? Tell us in the comments! /n