Trendsetters at Work: Lulu Frost's Office in New York City Lulu Frost founder and designer Lisa Salzer doesn't just create amazing baubles—she does so in an ultra chic office space wearing über cool clothes. Her statement pieces (f.../n
Lulu Frost founder and designer Lisa Salzer doesn't just create amazing baubles—she does so in an ultra chic office space wearing über cool clothes.Her statement pieces (from necklaces to rings to earrings) may steal the show but her Big Apple life is equally as fascinating.So we caught up with the talented gal, who considers Bobbi Brown and Jenna Lyons close friends, to see what the day-to-day is really like for a top jewelry designer. Oh, and yeah, we also got to sneak a peek at the latest items in her jewelry collection.

How did you get started in your career?My grandmother spent years in the estate jewelry business, which really inspired my love for vintage at an early age. I majored in art history and fine arts at Dartmouth and spent a lot of time in my dorm room making jewelry out of vintage pieces. Needles to say, I ultimately started a business out of it and have been designing jewelry ever since.What is a typical day like for you?I have no typical day. I might attend a sales meeting with some of our top buyers, work on designs with my incredible team, take an inspirational trip to the flea market, or make a visit to J.Crew to tweak designs related to our ongoing collaboration. 

Explain the office décor at your company?The office decor was conceptualized by my great friend and interior designer Kate Martinez. The studio space mixes industrial clean lines with warm vintage touches. We didn't want the decor to distract visitors from our jewelry, but instead complement it. And fresh flowers are always a must—I'm particular to peonies!Describe your office style. What do you typically wear to work?I typically wear transitional pieces, as my days are hard to predict. I keep spare flats and heels at the studio so I can pop into a great pair of heels for an impromptu meeting or go out after work. I tend to try and keep up with all the stylish girls in my office.Where do you shop for clothes?I love picking up odd things on my trips to Japan. I also adore Isabel Marant and Suno and constantly find myself saving up for Marni and Lanvin purchases. 

I never leave home without . . . ?I never leave home without my iPhone, my Bobbi Brown lipstick, and my Lulu Frost Code rings. I wear the numbers: 11, 3, and 82 for my birthday. What fuels you during the workday?I start the day with an ice soy latte and around 3 p.m. I go for a Red Jacket Fuji Apple Juice. What are your favorite gadgets for work and play?I love my iPhone 5. I was a Blackberry girl up until recently and it's been a great upgrade—especially since I can't get enough of Instagram (@lulu_frost). What are you beauty must-haves?Everything Clarins and Bobbi Brown! I love the Clarins Cottonseed Facial Cleanser and for perfecting skin. I use my Bobbi Brown corrector and concealer in Cool Sand. 
/n