Alberta Ferretti’s Limited Edition Spring Collection Would Be Perfect for Real Life Disney Princesses—See the Pics! Alberta Ferretti's new limited edition spring-summer 2016 eveningwear collection is fit for a fairytale! Or a Disney Pri.../n
Alberta Ferretti's new limited edition spring-summer 2016 eveningwear collection is fit for a fairytale!Or a Disney Princess, which is what we thought when we laid our eyes on the stunning gowns and separates. Many of the floor-sweeping dresses feature lace, tulle and crystal embellishments, making them all the more worthy of our favorite Disney gals. Of course we had to play dress up—in our minds at least—so we selected the most breathtaking designs from the collection and paired it with the princess it would be, well, perfect for (you know, once upon a dream).

1. Cinderella: A real-life Cinderella would fall in love at first sight with this plunging, floral-print gown, replete with a voluminous skirt and tulle trim.

2. Belle: Belle's iconic yellow gown from the last scene in Beauty in the Beast is revived by this pale amber confection featuring a delicate gold print.

3. Sleeping Beauty: Aurora would certainly wake for this satin, sheer-sleeve confection. (And those are roses she certainly wouldn't prick her finger on.)

4. Snow White: This tea-length frock would be best fit for Snow White (and totally match her "skin white as snow, lips red as rose").

5. Princess Tiana: Tiana is a more modern princess, which is why we can picture her sporting this light lavender gown featuring a lacy, sheer illusion bodice. (Yes, we know she doesn't wear lilac in the film but we think she would look lovely in it.)

6. Princess Jasmine: Jasmine would be a sartorial feast in this slinky teal number.

7. Mulan: The cascading cape and lacy tiers on this dress wouldn't stop Ping Mulan from kicking ass.

8. Ariel: For the little mermaid, we'd love to see an airy white confection with a sheer tulle skirt.

9. Rapunzel: Rapunzel could let her hair down in this romantic, long-sleeve number featuring a gold ribbon at the waist.

10. Queen Elsa: The Snow Queen's light-as-a-feather white trumpet style gown would be incomplete without a matching stole.
/n