Sean Spicer Apologizes For His Hitler Comments, And It's SO PAINFUL!/n

CNN may be fake news, but it's real enough to let you come on and apologize, eh, Sean Spicer?
The White House Press Secretary is in some hot water after his accidental Holocaust denial on Tuesday.
In case you missed it, Spicey was defending Donald Trump's controversial military action by comparing Syria's Assad to Hitler, saying even Hitler hadn't used chemical weapons on his own people.
Related: Sean Spicer's Most Ridiculous Moments!
Obviously Hitler did infamously use chemical weapons on his own people, six million of them as a matter of fact.
After a few hours of international embarrassment and calls for his firing, Sean spoke to Wolf Blitzer on CNN's The Situation Room to apologize.
Thankfully, it was the rough medicine Spicer deserved. Before his firing we mean. Watch (below)! 


Sean Spicer: I mistakenly used an inappropriate and insensitive reference to the Holocaust, there is no comparison https://t.co/6SwTJwLWJw
— CNN (@CNN) April 11, 2017

Too long, didn't watch?
That's OK; we'll take some creative liberties and sum up Spicer's apology for ya:

"I didn't mean to talk about Hitler. I just wanted to say Assad was bad. I meant bad, so I said Hitler. I don't know anything about Hitler other than he was bad. So I just thought to say Hitler. I should have just said bad and not said Hitler."
That's basically it.
Related: Trump & His Jewish Daughter AND Son-In-Law Skipped The Annual White House Passover Seder
OK, fine, his actual words were:

"I was obviously trying to make a point about the heinous acts that Assad had made against his own people last week, using chemical weapons and gas. Frankly, I mistakenly made an inappropriate and insensitive reference to the Holocaust, for which there is no comparison. And for that I apologize. It was a mistake to do that."
Still, not a great apology. But at least Wolf wasn't letting his prey off the hook so easily. Not only did he make Spicer say exactly who he was apologizing to, he also followed up with a nice little hardball question:

"Did you not know, Sean, that there were gas chambers where the Nazis brought Jews and others… to slaughter them in these poison gas chambers?"
Check out Sean's defensive response (below)!


Did you not know there were gas chambers where Nazis slaughtered people? "Yes clearly I’m aware of that" Spicer says https://t.co/IV3L0nl9W9
— The Situation Room (@CNNSitRoom) April 11, 2017

Twist in the wind, Sean. Just sit there and twist. Because OBVIOUSLY you're no good at spin!
[Image via CNN.]
/n