Jazz Jennings Becomes Youngest Grand Marshal Ever At New York's Pride Parade — Plus Hillary Clinton, Fergie, & More Highlights!/n

What a wonderful weekend of Pride!
NYC held their Pride parade over the weekend, and it was SUCH a big deal — celebs and stars turned out alongside thousands in the LGBT community, and Jazz Jennings helmed the entire thing as grand marshal!
Related: Miss Missouri Is The First Out Lesbian Miss America Contestant!
The I Am Jazz star became the youngest grand marshal EVER at the parade, but true to her intelligence and poise we've come to know, she wasn't thrown off by the pressure one bit!
Speaking to the media, Jennings reflected on how proud she was to have been at such an important event on Sunday in NYC: 

"Pride is about loving yourself and embracing your uniqueness. Admiring the triumphs that have prevailed throughout your life as well as accepting the challenges that you face. Pride is also about sharing all of those emotions of love and happiness with the community around you so we can stay connected, united, and prideful of ourselves and one another."
Awww!!
It wasn't just Jennings at Pride, though — SO much went down in the city yesterday!
In addition to Jazz, other grand marshals this year included AIDS and LGBT activist Cecilia Chung, and Subhi Nahas, a Syrian refugee who also founded the very first LGBT magazine in his home country.
Related: Captain America Has A Boyfriend… Kind Of!
Other notable LGBT stars like retired NBA player Jason Collins were involved — he actually rode a specific NBA/WNBA float the the parade, making that sports organization the very first league to promote in the march! Good for them!!
Fergie performed at the parade on Sunday evening, and she looked AH-Mazing in a leather body suit and Jennifer Fisher jewels while doing her thing on stage (below):

WOW!!!
Her performance looked like a TON of fun, too, with a very strong finish, as snapped by a concertgoer (below):




What a finish! Fergie owning the stage at #pride 👐 So much love in NYC today! #lovewins #pridenycA video posted by Gemma Louise Paterson (@balveniegem) on Jun 26, 2016 at 8:19pm PDT


But that wasn't all!
Hillary Clinton made a surprise appearance at Pride, opting to walk in the march and wave to the crowd (below):

.@HillaryClinton making a surprise appearance at the #PrideNYC parade with @deBlasioNYC @NYGovCuomo | 📷 @anniekarni pic.twitter.com/AMBx14fdnL
— Lauren Gambino (@LGamGam) June 26, 2016
And, HIGHLarious anti-Donald Trump shirts were being sold at the event, too (below):

For sale along the #PrideNYC parade route: "F*ck Trump, Keep America Great" pic.twitter.com/WVzVi96Wf1
— Brian Stelter (@brianstelter) June 26, 2016
LOLz!!!
The whole thing looked like so much fun!
OBVIOUSLY, love wins!!!
[Image via Jazz Jennings/Twitter/Getty Images.]
/n