Caitlyn Jenner NOT Invited To ESPY Awards Amid Kardashian Family Fallout/n
Following her Kardashian family fallout, Caitlyn Jenner will not be attending the ESPY awards on Wednesday, RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal.
The prestigious ceremony, which recognizes the world’s best male and female athletes, is a huge part of the reality star’s past life, as just two years ago she proudly received the Arthur Ashe Courage Award.
Jenner, previously known as Bruce, was an Olympic gold medal-winning decathlete in her early days, long before beginning a TV career.
PHOTOS: She’s Out & About! Caitlyn Jenner In Public For First Time Since ‘Vanity Fair’ Blockbuster –– What She Did Explained In 10 Photos
This year marks the 25th anniversary of the awards, and many past winners will be invited – but not Jenner, a source insisted.
Although a rep for the I Am Cait star confirmed that she would not be attending the live show because she will be “working out of town,” readers know the star hasn’t been seen in public with her former family since her shocking memoir, The Secrets of My Life, was published.
Though Jenner was spotted with her kids Kendall and Kylie during Father’s Day, her stepchildren have lashed out in anger at the reality star’s harsh and “untrue” biography.
PHOTOS: Caitlyn Jenner Gets Revenge On Rob Kardashian For Not Letting Her Near His Baby
Kim Kardashian has spoken out various times, once even saying: “If you turn on my mom and you continue to bash us, I can’t — even for the sake of my sisters — spend time with someone who doesn’t care about my mother. Like, enough already.”
Jenner’s ex Kris has also voiced her extreme anger toward the star, saying on an episode of Keeping Up With The Kardashians: “You start talking about how I was hoarding money when we didn’t even have it?!”
PHOTOS: Girl Gone Wild! Caitlyn Jenner CAUGHT In Bizarre Gas Station Meltdown
“She just literally started three families with three different people and f****d everyone over,” Kim added.
The family’s relationship to Caitlyn has since remained sour, yet now that her show has been cancelled, the 67-year-old hopes to get on her ex’s good graces.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n