Russell Brand Still Has ‘Very Warm’ Feelings for Ex-Wife Katy Perry/n





                    Katy Perry: I Had Suicidal Thoughts Following Russell Brand Divorce
                







:'(

 MORE >>










                    Russell Brand Appears to Slam Relationship with Katy Perry in New Documentary
                







Ouch!

 MORE >>





Though Russell Brand previously admitted to thinking of “anyone else” when he was having sex with Katy Perry, the comedian still has nothing but positive feelings for his ex-wife.

When appearing on W Channel this week, the 41-year-old revealed that he still thinks fondly of the “Chained to the Rhythm” singer. Despite infamously dumping his then-wife via text messaging more five years ago, Brand said what they had was special.
“Katy was obviously very, very occupied and very busy. I was very occupied and very busy—not to the same degree, I recognize,” he explained of their relationship. “But it meant, I think, that [for] the sanctimony of marriage, which is a very private thing really…I supposed we perhaps—intuitively or explicitly I don’t know—understood that we better protect this thing.”
“The marriage didn’t last for a very long time, and I think that is to do with the undulated nature of fame and that, living in those conditions and what was happening,” he continued.


Katy Perry & Russell Brand through the years








































16 Photos »


Brand and Perry split at the end of 2011 after just 14 month of marriage. While Brand believes the marriage fell apart due to  the pressures of fame, Perry previously claimed it dissolved over their disagreement regarding children,
Still, the British funnyman doesn’t regret getting married at all.
“But I have come away from that experience,” he said. “I still feel very warm towards her. I feel like, when I hear about her or see her, ‘Awe, there’s that person. There’s that person in the world.'”
He added, “I sort of recognize it as a part of my life that was for a clearly delineated piece of time.”





/n