Lock Her Up! Thomas Wants Ex Kathryn Thrown In Jail As Custody Battle Explodes/n
Thomas Ravenel wants Kathryn Dennis away from their kids and thrown behind bars, RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal.
The Southern Charm star, 54, filed explosive papers in Charleston, South Carolina, family court on May 19, claiming that Dennis, 24, went against court orders by making “false accusations, insinuations, and derogatory statements” about him.
He also alleged that she publicly released part of her medical records in an attempt to “flagrantly,” willfully” and “intentionally” fail to obey court orders.
The former politician asked the judge to find her in criminal contempt of court and punish her appropriately — “including, but not limited to, incarceration.”
READ THE DOCS HERE!
The reality star’s request came just weeks after a judge ruled that Dennis had to “sign any and all HIPPA compliance releases” that he requested in regards to her rehab stay last summer. As Radar previously reported, Dennis and Ravenel have been fighting over her drug tests for months.
PHOTOS: Something To Prove? Rosie O’Donnell Goes On Instagram Spree With Adopted Daughter As Custody Battle Rages On
“Defendant knows that if she fails to comply with the Orders and/or this Agreement that she may be subject to jail, a fine and/or community service,” the judge affirmed.



Love never felt so good
A post shared by Kathryn Calhoun Dennis (@kathryndennis) on May 30, 2017 at 11:10am PDT



Ravenel currently has full custody of their two kids, Kensington, 3, and St. Julien, 1. Dennis has limited visitation, but is fighting to have full custody, as she believes Ravenel uses mushrooms and cocaine around the tots.
PHOTOS: A Battle Won: Kelly Rutherford’s Shocking Custody Decision! 9 Photos Of A Mother’s Love
He was previously busted for cocaine possession while acting as the state treasurer in 2007, and was arrested for DWI in 2014.
Do you think Dennis should be locked up? Sound off in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n