Julia Roberts Crowned People's Most Beautiful Woman In The World For The FIFTH Time!/n

Any more of these titles and Julia Roberts is seriously going to be embarrassed, okay?
It's been 26 years since the Smurfs: The Lost Village star graced her first People magazine cover when she was crowned the World's Most Beautiful Woman in 1991.
Now, over two decades — not to mention dozens of movie roles, three kids, and one Oscar — later, the 49-year-old has received the coveted honor once again like it was still 1997!
Related: Susan Sarandon SLAMS Publicist For Creating Julia Feud Rumors!
Roberts and her million dollar smile took over the cover of People's May 1 issue, marking her fifth career win for the Most Beautiful title!
The Lancôme brand ambassador was honored over her record fifth win, but joked that it's all downhill from this point on. She told the publication: 
"I am very flattered. It will become embarrassing. Right now, let's just keep it with flattering."
The actress was just 23 years old when she first won the title, coming fresh off her career making role in Pretty Woman.
At the time she felt "adorable and naïve and so happy to be invited to the party," but looking back, wonders if she deserved People's top honor. She quipped:
"Was I old enough to be voted into this level of popularity?"
Before going on to cover the issue again in 2000, 2005, and 2010, Roberts confessed she struggled with her self-confidence at the start of her career, continuing:
"People say, 'Oh, when Pretty Woman came out it must have really changed your life,' and it's kind of become this joke, but the truth is I was out of town when Pretty Woman came out, I was in another movie in this tiny little town that was showing Star Wars in its first run. I remember reading…'Pretty Woman came out this weekend and made this much money' and I thought, 'Is that a lot of money? Is that good? Is that great?' I didn't really know."
Julia does know, however, that her prolific career won't last forever, telling the mag that she thinks she's "currently peaking."
Photos: Emma Roberts Looks Like An Emma Stone Wannabe
But even if her career takes a downturn, the mother-of-three still has plenty to look forward to in "the winter" of her life. When asked where she sees herself in another 26 years, she said:
"Seventy-five [laughs], If I can just grow gracefully-ish old and watch my kids grow up and realize their dreams, and find their person in life, and hopefully have a family and little creatures for Danny [Modor] and I to spoil, that's what the winter of life is supposed to be about."
Though it's pretty "premature" for Roberts to think about grandmotherhood, as her oldest children Hazel and Phinnaeus are 12 years old.
Whether or not she agrees, we're certain that the iconic actress still has a few good decades left in her!
[Image via People.]
/n