Jonathan Scott Reveals He'll Still Have a Room at Brother (and Roommate-for-Life) Drew's Newlywed House: 'I Managed to Sneak in a Guest Suite'
/n
The Scott brothers, 39, may be in serious relationships, but they’re not ready to give up their roommate status just yet.
Drew Scott may be nesting with his fiancée, Linda Phan, at the couple’s new Los Angeles digs — but there’s always room for Jonathan in a Scott family home.
Drew and his fiancée, Linda Phan, recently bought a new home in L.A. and are remodeling it for their upcoming HGTV series, Property Brothers at Home: Drew’s Honeymoon House. And while Jonathan won’t technically be making the move with them, he managed to make sure he’s an honorary member of the household.
“I managed to sneak in a guest suite for Jacinta and me,” he tells PEOPLE, including long-term girlfriend Jacinta Kuznetsov in his scheme. The brothers have lived together for nearly all of their 39 years, most recently at their family compound in Las Vegas.
Jonathan also has plans for Drew and Linda’s master bedroom at the Vegas house, now that they’ll be moving out: “I’m pretty sure I’m going to Airbnb it,” he deadpans.
RELATED: Drew Scott and Fiancee Linda Phan Reveal Their New L.A. House: You Won’t Believe Its Bizarre Backstory
WATCH THIS: HGTV’s Property Brothers Star Jonathan Scott Says Why a Bedroom Never Needs a Desk

But with his and Drew’s many TV shows, product lines and an upcoming national book tour, Jonathan notes he doesn’t get much downtime at home. “Honestly, I stay in a lot of hotels and it makes me miss my bed,” he says. The Stearns & Foster spokesman’s mattress has become a near-legendary amenity of his pad, with the HGTV star telling PEOPLE in March, “Everybody wants to try my bed for at least one night.”
RELATED: Here’s What You Should be Watching on HGTV While Your Favorite Shows Are on Hiatus
While he sadly can’t bring his bed on the road, there is one thing the “pretty light packer” always travels with: “The only thing I take with me is my playlist,” he says, adding his current rotation includes everything from MIKA to U2.
And what’s a road trip without your BFFs? “My pups are usually with me,” he says. “They’re my creature comforts.”
/n