WATCH: Kylie Jenner Raps Along to Tyga’s ‘Act Ghetto’ After Split/n





                    Why Did Kylie Jenner and Tyga Split?
                







Things may be over for good. 

 MORE >>










                    PnB Rock 'Definitely' Wants to Steal Kylie Jenner from Tyga
                







Tyra better watch out.

 MORE >>





Kylie Jenner may be on a break with boyfriend Tyga, but that doesn’t mean she’s completely cut him out of her life.

In a series of Snapchat videos, the 19-year-old appears to support her man as she sings along to the rapper’s new track, “Act Ghetto.” While driving in her car, the Keeping Up with the Kardashians star films herself mouthing along to Tyga’s collaboration with Lil Wayne.
Interestingly enough, Jenner doesn’t include the shout-out from her on-again, off again beau in the video, in which he says, “Gettin’ checks like Kylie, yeah, everyday I do it, yeah / Yesterday I did it, every time I’m with her.”

Kylie Jenner via Snapchat: (kylizzlemynizzl) pic.twitter.com/k2JUuwCnoY
— Kardashian Brasil (@kardashibrasil) April 4, 2017


Kylie Jenner via Snapchat: #2 (kylizzlemynizzl) pic.twitter.com/Zi3hGTCLbx
— Kardashian Brasil (@kardashibrasil) April 4, 2017


In another clip, Jenner is seen bopping to Tyga’s “100s” as she raps, “Heard the rumours ’bout you were so true / You thirsty and you ain’t got no juice.” So, interpret that show you will.
Jenner’s split with Tyga, 27, comes amid accusations from Blac Chyna that the “Rack City” emcee has been behind on his child support payments for their 4-year-old son, King Cairo. In a Snapchat rant last week, Chyna blasted Tyga for being a “unfaithful” and told him to “go get ur mom or ur bitch.”
Last year, it was reported that Tyga owed close to $450,000 in back payments on his 2013 Lamborghini Aventador. In September, his $2.2 million Mercedes Maybach was repossessed by a financing company.


Kylie Jenner Surprises Tyga with a New Bentley








































13 Photos »


/n