 Oscar Snubs & Surprises: 'American Hustle,' 'Gravity' Lead With.../n
American Hustle and Gravity lead this year’s Academy Award nominations, announced Thursday in Beverly Hills, and we’ve got all the details for you right here on RadarOnline.com.
David O. Russell’s crime caper starring Christian Bale and Jennifer Lawrence, and Alfonso Cuaron’s breathtaking space thriller both have 10 nominations at the 86th annual film awards, while 12 Years a Slave  follows closely behind with nine nods.
American Hustle is up for Best Picture, Best Director and Best Original Screenplay, as well as acting nominations for all four main cast members including Bale, Lawrence, Amy Adams and Bradley Cooper.
Gravity and 12 Years a Slave are also in contention for Best Picture alongside Philomena, Captain Phillips, Dallas Buyers Club, Nebraska, Her, and The Wolf of Wall Street.

Nearly Unrecognizable! 20 Shocking Photos Of Stars Without Makeup
12 Years a Slave has yielded a Best Actor nomination for leading man Chiwetel Ejiofor, Best Supporting Actor for Michael Fassbender and Best Supporting Actress for newcomer Lupita Nyongo. Sandra Bullock has earned an Oscar nod for Gravity, as has the film’s visionary director Alfonso Cuaron.
Superstars Oprah Winfrey (The Butler) and Tom Hanks (Captain Phillips) were the morning’s most notable snubs, as many outlets and social media users expressed shock and outrage over their respective exclusions. Others who were left out, to a puzzled response from the public, include Scarlett Johansson (Her), Robert Redford (All Is Lost), Emma Thompson (Saving Mr. Banks) and the late James Gandolfini (Enough Said).
Elsewhere, Golden Globe Award winners Matthew McConaughey and Cate Blanchett continue to rack up award nominations as they are up for Best Actor and Best Actress for Dallas Buyers Club and Blue Jasmine, respectively.
Three-time Oscar winner Meryl Streep earns a record 18th Oscar nomination for August: Osage County and her co-star Julia Roberts, who is also a past Best Actress winner, is up for Best Supporting Actress.
PHOTOS: Yearbook Photos of The Stars Exposed
The nominations were announced by Chris Hemsworth and Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences president Cheryl Boone Isaacs.
Watch the video on RadarOnline.com

The 86th annual Academy Awards, hosted by Ellen DeGeneres, take place on March 2.
2014 Academy Awards (selected nominations)
Best Picture
 American Hustle
 Captain Phillips
 Dallas Buyers Club
 Her
 Nebraska
 Philomena
 12 Years a Slave
 The Wolf of Wall Street
Best Animated Feature
 The Croods
 Despicable Me 2
 Ernest & Celestine
 Frozen
 The Wind Rises
Best Actor
 Christian Bale, American Hustle
 Bruce Dern, Nebraska
 Leonardo DiCaprio, The Wolf of Wall Street
 Chiwetel Ejiofor, 12 Years a Slave
 Matthew McConaughey, Dallas Buyers Club
Best Actress
 Amy Adams, American Hustle
 Cate Blanchett, Blue Jasmine
 Sandra Bullock, Gravity
 Judi Dench, Philomena
 Meryl Streep, August: Osage County
Best Supporting Actor
 Barkhad Abdi, Captain Phillips
 Bradley Cooper, American Hustle
 Michael Fassbender, 12 Years a Slave
 Jonah Hill, The Wolf of Wall Street
 Jared Leto, Dallas Buyers Club
Best Supporting Actress
 Sally Hawkins, Blue Jasmine
 Jennifer Lawrence, American Hustle
 Lupita Nyongo, 12 Years a Slave
 Julia Roberts, August: Osage County
 June Squibb, Nebraska
Best Adapted Screenplay
 Before Midnight
 Captain Phillips
 Philomena
 12 Years a Slave
 The Wolf of Wall Street
Best Original Screenplay
 American Hustle
 Blue Jasmine
 Dallas Buyers Club
 Her
 Nebraska
Best Original Song
 Alone Not Yet Alone from Alone Not Yet Alone
 Happy from Despicable Me 2
 Let It Go from Frozen
 The Moon Song from Her
 Ordinary Love from Mandela: Long Walk to Freedom /n