Giveaway Alert! Win a GBK NYC Wine & Food Festival Celebrity Gift Lounge Gift Bag/n





                    Celebrities Were Fêted at the 2016 GBK Pre-MTV Movie Awards Lounge
                







A good time was had by all...

 MORE >>





This coming weekend is the New York City Wine & Food Festival and once again the celebrities attending will have a chance to visit the GBK’s New York City Wine & Food Festival Celebrity Gift Lounge.
Being celebrities, they get to go home with a gift bag filled with high quality and luxurious items. Celebuzz, along with GBK, is giving you the opportunity to win one of those gift bags!
How to Enter
1) Leave a comment on this post telling us which celebrity chef is your favorite and why!
2) Feel free to leave multiple comments!
3) When leaving your comment(s), make sure you are logged in using a valid email address! We will contact the winner via email next week.
4) You must live in the continental United States and be 18-years-old or older to enter. You have until midnight PST Sunday, October 16, 2016.
Here is what the winner of the gift bag will receive:
Barebones Living ($225.00) – Pathfinder (soft-sided cooler) with our scissors in handmade leather case and cast-iron skillet and crock kit.
ezpz ($60.00) – ezpz’s revolutionary all-in-one placemat + plate for infants and toddlers (the Happy Mat) and ezpz’s first book (Making Mealtime ezpz: Fun Ways to Fill the Happy Mat).
Gift Wrap My Face ($100.00) – Gift Wrap My Face lets you create custom wrapping paper featuring your face (or that of a pet or loved one!)
ItsHot.com ($1,000.00) – Online jeweler to the stars, providing a Luxurman Diamond Watch.
Lipper International ($200.00) – Lipper International is a leading wholesaler of a variety of products designed to improve your home and your lifestyle. We will be presenting Serving and Organization items.
Q Squared NYC ($125.00) – We’ll be gifting our Finch Royale Spoon Rest + a $50 gift card, and our Ruffle Tray monogrammed with the chefs’ names + a $50 gift card.
TriDerma® ($75.00) – Kitchen 911™ Fast Healing Cream helps provide soothing relief for minor kitchen injuries and dishpan hands, while the LuxGold™ Hand Balm helps moisturize with rich botanicals.
Warther Cutlery ($500.00) – Five handcrafted kitchen knives in a unique, custom made, walnut with maple inlay storage block.
Beauty Kitchen by Heather Marianna ($40.00) – Providing all natural and organic skin polish and hand slieced soap bar products.
The Artisan Group® ($1,000.00) – A collection of handcrafted jewelry and accessories, spa and bath products, candles, cosmetics, clutches, pet accessories, stationery and other handmade gifts
Items in photo subject to change based on availability — some colors and styles may vary.


Pilot Pen & GBK’s Pre Emmy Luxury Lounge








































29 Photos »


/n