Séraphine coat with simple black tights and booties. This was also a trip of chic little black dresses for Kate, who later that evening wore a lace-sleeved Beulah frock to an event for their namesake charitable foundation; the look reminded .../n
What a whirlwind!Kate Middleton and Prince William took to New York City for a three-day trip that went by in what seems like, well, a New York minute. The royal couple spent their stay at the luxe Carlyle Hotel in Manhattan, and attended various charitable events, which, of course, required some chic, event-ready ensembles. And the duchess didn't disappoint: Our first sighting of the royals in New York revealed Kate in a tweed, eggplant-hued Séraphine coat with simple black tights and booties.This was also a trip of chic little black dresses for Kate, who later that evening wore a lace-sleeved Beulah frock to an event for their namesake charitable foundation; the look reminded us of the Diane Von Furstenberg gown she donned at the Royal Variety Performances in London on Nov. 13.Meanwhile, on a visit to the Northside Child Development Center in Harlem, Kate looked every bit like a New Yorker in a trim all-black ensemble featuring a Goat frock coat, black tights and Mulberry clutch.

It was also a trip of many coats: Kate paired a gray bouclé Tory Burch jacket with slim black trousers and simple pumps—a look that she wore during the day at an event held at the British Consul General's Residence to promote wildlife conservation and also later that night, when she watched the Cleveland Cavaliers' victory against the Brooklyn Nets at the Barclays Center. (Also, taking in the game? None other than Jay-Z and Beyoncé, who rubbed shoulders with Will and Kate during halftime.)During her visit to the National September 11 Memorial Museum, Kate put aside her fall slate grays and blacks for a bright poppy-pink Mulberry coat. Under the coat, she wore a sleek LBD from Séraphine—her go-to brand for chic maternity-wear.And yes, there was a glam outing on the agenda! On the final night of the trip, Middleton stepped out for the St Andrews 600th Anniversary Dinner wearing a stunning ocean blue Jenny Packham gown that she's sported, not once, but twice before. (It's official: No one recycles designer looks better than Kate.)
/n