Farrah Abraham’s Mom Attacks Her Rape & Abuse Claims: ‘Get Over It!’/n
Farrah Abraham’s dad Michael revealed how his daughter’s rape continues to haunt her today – but the Teen Mom OG star’s mom isn’t buying it! Debra Danielsen exclusively revealed to RadarOnline.com that the alleged sexual assault is no excuse for her daughter’s bad behavior.
“She’s never spoken to me about it,” Debra said of the alleged incident. “The only thing I had ever heard is that one night she went out to a place and got drunk. Someone slipped something in her drink and she got attacked.”
Debra, who is currently estranged from Farrah, 26, claims she doesn’t know if the incident is “even truthful.”
Michael previously told Radar that his daughter was raped around the time she sold her sex tape to Vivid. Although he wouldn’t reveal who raped her, Farrah claimed in 2015 that she was “drugged and manipulated” by her sex tape co-star James Deen.
PHOTOS: Farrah Abraham’s Sex Tape ‘Lies’ Exposed At Last!
No charges were ever filed against James and he denied the rape accusations against him.
But the bombshells don’t end there, as Debra claims she never abused her daughter despite Farrah’s allegations!
“She’s never been abused as a child,” Debra insisted. “Even if she was abused, look at all the millions of people out there who suffered, they don’t blame the world for it. They have to grow up.”
She added, “It’s time to grow up and get over it!”
PHOTOS: Beach Bum! Farrah Abraham Sizzles In Revealing Thong Bikini
Farrah has been open about the abuse she endured as a child, claiming she was beaten with a belt by her parents in various interviews.
In January 2010, Debra was arrested and charged with assault following an altercation with her daughter.
Farrah appeared on Marriage Bootcamp: Reality Stars Family Edition with her parents for the most recent season. But according to Debra, she continues to be estranged from her daughter today.
“Farrah has blocked me,” she told Radar in June. “She doesn’t talk to me and it’s been a while now. I’ve only tried to help her. They’re my world. I’ve done everything for them.”
PHOTOS: Drunken Hookups, Athlete Lovers & Public Sex: Farrah Abraham’s XXX Secrets Exposed
On the season finale of Teen Mom OG, Farrah fought with her mother because she does not approve of her engagement with her fiancé David.
Farrah refused to respond to Radar’s request for comment.
Who do you believe? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n