BREAKING! Wreck-It Ralph 2 Coming to Theaters in 2018 If ain't broke, don't fix it. Walt Disney Animation Studios announced Thursday that a sequel to 2012's Wreck-It Ralph will be released on March 9, 2018. John C. Reilly, who.../n
If ain't broke, don't fix it.Walt Disney Animation Studios announced Thursday that a sequel to 2012's Wreck-It Ralph will be released on March 9, 2018. John C. Reilly, who voices the titular character, appeared on Facebook Live with directors Phil Johnston and Rich Moore and to deliver the exciting news. Moore and Johnston worked together on the original film, as well as on 2016's blockbuster Zootopia, the second highest-earning film of 2016 (behind Captain America: Civil War)."I would like to say the Internet right now, officially, that Disney Animation is making the sequel to Wreck-It Ralph, and it comes out March 2018," Reilly revealed. "March 9, 2018, to be exact." Just as he began to share details of the "top secret" plot, the video feed froze. While some fans expressed dismay, it was likely intentional, as technical glitches were a big part of the first film.Sarah Silverman will return as Vanellope von Schweetz. Wreck-It Ralph's voice cast included Mindy Kaling as Taffyta Muttonfudge, Jane Lynch as Sergeant Tamora Jean Calhoun, Jack McBrayer as Fix-It Felix, Jr. and Alan Tudyk as King Candy; it's unknown if they will come back.

"From the moment we started working on the first Wreck-It Ralph, we knew there were so many possibilities with these characters," Moore said in a statement. "This time, Ralph's wrecking wreaks havoc on the Web—as only he can do. Characters we loved in the first film are back and we are ecstatic to be working with them—and the actors who voice them—once again." Johnston added, "The world of the internet is the perfect place to send Ralph and Vanellope. The scope and scale are so vast and the possibilities for comedy are endless.""Ralph is a character very near and dear to my heart. "I'm really looking forward to playing the big lug again. Making the first Wreck-It Ralph was one of the most special experiences I've ever had and I'm really looking forward to bringing him back to life," Reilly said. "So many kids I've met all over the world are excited to see him again, too. They tell me all the time!"The first Wreck-It Ralph film earned $470 million at the worldwide box office.
/n