Brie Larson & Jacob Tremblay Toast Room Together Once More Raise your glass...of chocolate milk! Brie Larson, 26, and Jacob Tremblay, 9, who played her son in Room, shared a sweet moment Tuesday, about a month after the 26-year-old actre.../n
Raise your glass...of chocolate milk!Brie Larson, 26, and Jacob Tremblay, 9, who played her son in Room, shared a sweet moment Tuesday, about a month after the 26-year-old actress won an Oscar for her role in the movie. She played a kidnapped sexual abuse victim whose child is born in captivity."28 weeks ago (according to Instagram) @roomthemovie premiered at the #telluridefilmfestival," Larson wrote on Instagram Wednesday, alongside a photo of her and Jacob clinking glasses. "After the screening @jacobtremblay and I toasted. He had chocolate milk and I had red wine. I remember feeling so vulnerable after sharing this movie with the world for the first time; unsure of what was to come."Larson and Jacob attended a press event for Room in Tokyo Tuesday. The movie is set to hit theaters in the country on April 8, marking its last theatrical release. "Last night marked what may be our final toast to this film," Larson said. "He had a soda and I had sake."

Larson said the two have traveled the globe together and spent almost two years "hanging out, playfully arguing about things like who can hold their breath longer and talking at length about Room.""At its core, every step of the way has been taken with love," she wrote. "We were generous and patient with each other. We laughed a lot, especially when it was hard. We picked each other up, answered for the other when one was tired and always kept silliness alive. Thank you Room for bringing us together. Thank you Room for uniting us with the rest of the world. Thank you to everyone who shared this journey with us. I will never ever forget it."Larson's Oscar win for Room marked the first Academy Award for the actress, who had previously starred in movies such as the comedies Trainwreck and Scott Pilgrim vs. the World and sitcoms like United States of Tara and Community.Larson had thanked Jacob in her Oscars acceptance speech, calling the boy her "partner through this, in every way possible."
/n