 EXCLUSIVE: Oksana's Secret Email To Lawyer: I'll Walk Away From The Money & Go To.../n
Oksana Grigorieva told her lawyer she planned to walk away from a multi-million dollar settlement and see “where the chips might fall” in court unless her former lover Mel Gibson was stripped of some of his custodial rights over their baby daughter Lucia, RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned.
What’s more, the Russian musician declared the Oscar winning director/actor was “bluffing” and claimed she was forced to sign a $15 million peace deal “under duress” from her own legal advisors.
PHOTOS: Mel & Oksana In Happier Times
In sensational new evidence, RadarOnline.com has obtained correspondence Grigorieva, 40, sent Eric George, the son of California’s former chief justice, as the latter duked it out with Gibson’s camp during the height of negotiations to keep the case secret.
“If the opposition is buying my silence, please, we have to renogitiate (sic) the castody (sic) portion and to secure the monetory (sic),” Grigorieva wrote to George, on June 2, last year.
PHOTOS: Mel Gibson In Costa Rica
“If they say “No” then Im (sic) prepared to loose (sic) all this money they are paying to me and I WILL go court, see where the chips might fall. I’m NOT scared anymore and I’m NOT bluffing.”
She declared: “I’m pretty sure the other side was bluffing. He (Mel) doesn’t want this publicity.”
RadarOnline.com has reviewed a series of never-before-released e-mails, texts and documents which provide a stunning insight into the hardball negotiations that took place behind-the-scenes in the pair’s criminal and civil battles.
PHOTOS: Celebrity Cheaters
The Los Angeles District Attorney will decide as soon as this week whether to charge Gibson, 56, with domestic violence and Grigorieva with extortion, as both have alleged.
Grigorieva’s boastful declaration that she would risk it all to “see where the chips might fall” could be the crucial evidence required to exonerate her of Gibson’s charge that she concocted an elaborate extortion plot to fleece him of millions, in exchange for suppressing a series of secretly recorded vulgar and racist rants he made to her.
PHOTOS: Mel Gibson’s Greatest Movie Roles
Those hate-fuelled tapes were later obtained by RadarOnline.com, in which Gibson threatened to blow up Grigorieva, but not until she performed oral sex on him first and bury her in the “f**king rose garden”.
He also admitted striking her, while she held Lucia, because she “f**king deserved it”.
PHOTOS: Stars Who Look Like Other Stars 
Grigorieva’s missive to George was sent 17 days after he and his firm negotiated a $15 million hush deal, which she signed, but ultimately reneged on, as we first revealed.
George is now suing Grigorieva for his slice of the settlement, 10 percent, accusing her of disavowing the agreement.
PHOTOS: Celebrities Who Admit To Smoking Pot
In the note to George, Grigorieva said she had sought the advice of others and concluded it was a “mistake” to sign the agreement, that would have ensured the destruction of the audio tapes, during two-days of mediation which were presided over by two retired judges.
Texting George at 19:21 on June 2, Grigorieva wrote, “I’m not trying to deminish (sic) ur good job on the moneytory side of the deal, I thank u for it. But I wanted u to know that three or four people, the experts, have confirmed independantly (sic) to me that, concidering (sic) my priority, the castody (sic), it was a mistake to sighn (sic) this agreament (sic), with this particular document on castody (sic) attached.
PHOTOS: Indecent Exposure! Stars Bring Little Too Much To Beach 
“It was also wrong to sighn (sic) under deress (sic) and pressure from everyone, even from my own lawyers, espessially (sic) under the threat of being sued in the morning.”
The correspondence in full reads as follows:
PHOTOS: Mel & Oksana At Pre-Oscar Bash

Dear Eric,
I’m not trying to deminish ur good job on the moneytory side of the deal, I thank u for it. But I wanted u to know that three or four people, the experts, have confirmed independantly to me that, concidering my priority, the castody, it was a mistake to sighn this agreament, with this particular document on castody attached. It was also wrong to sighn under deress and pressure from evryone, even from my own lawyers, espessially under the threat of being sued in the morning.
When u weren’t even there.
Besides, I’m pretty sure the other side was bluffing. He doesn’t want this publicity.
No one told me, but becouse of domestic violence, we have a leg up on the opposition as far as castody goes (which will be this way for up to 5 year period, before any changes. They must know that!)
Forget about the tapes for the moment. This is the case of domestic violence.
The relationship has ended because of Mels domestic violence, the only reason and the fact, with proof, and I run to save my children. Sacha, my mother, Jimmy, Laticcia, Edith, Alecia and Robert etc. have witnessed the violence.
If the opposition is buying my silence, please, we have to renogitiate the castody portion and to secure the monetory. I have lost of questions about the moneytory part also, id like us to get together and discuss everything.
If they say “No” then Im prepared to loose all this money they are paying to me and I WILL go court, see where the chips might fall. I’m NOT scared anymore and I’m NOT bluffing.
Also, does he not suppose to pay the child support for the last three weeks? Is this accumulating? I’m honoring my side of the deal.
Pls address my questons. Talk tmrw. Thank u.

Grigorieva’s current lawyers, who ultimately replaced George and other advisers who she fired, have argued in court that the aborted mediation settlement was unlawful.
Daniel Horowitz previously told RadarOnline.com: “It is my understanding that attorneys are not permitted to take evidence of a crime and destroy that evidence, under Californian law.”

RELATED STORIES:
PHOTOS: Mel & Oksana At Oscar Nominee Dinner
PHOTOS: Oksana Grigorieva Through The Years
PHOTOS: Timothy Dalton Visits Oksana /n