Hollywood Vampires' Joe Perry COLLAPSES On Stage — Taken To Hospital In Stretcher/n
Aerosmith guitarist, Joe Perry, was set to play a blowout show in New York City on Sunday with his side project, The Hollywood Vampires — but was hospitalized after becoming ill on stage.
The 65-year-old, along with band mates Johnny Depp and Alice Cooper, took the stage in Coney Island, playing their opening number, “Raise The Dead,” the lyrics to which ironically include the words: “cardiac, heart attack.”
“Joe appeared ill when he came on stage and kind of hid in the back,” a concertgoer told Radar exclusively. “He looked exhausted.”
PHOTOS: Doomed For Divorce? Amber Heard & Johnny Depp’s Relationship History
“About two minutes in, he sat down on the drum stage and seemed to stop playing,” the insider continued. “Moments later, he walked dizzily backstage and there was some commotion. Apparently, EMTs came to take him away on a stretcher.”
Watch the Radar’s Exclusive Video of the Incident:





 #JoePerry collapsed on stage just now!  He had to sit on drum kit and then went behind a small wall and passed out.  FDNY and NYPD carried him off quickly.  #Aerosmith #hollywoodvampires
A video posted by Eileen (@leeniepics) on Jul 10, 2016 at 6:33pm PDT



After the incident, frontman Alice Cooper asked the crowd to shout “get well Joe!” before the band carried on without him. But the show ultimately ran short, as many songs dependent on Perry were cut from the set.
PHOTOS: A Penthouse, A Range Rover, & $125K! Amber’s Divorce Demands Revealed
It wasn’t confirmed what caused Perry to collapse, but a statement from the guitarist’s official Twitter page read: “Thanks to all of the fans reaching out and asking about Joe. He is stable right now, with family and is under the best care.”
Meanwhile, fellow guitarist Johnny Depp has been experiencing his own turmoil in recent weeks. The actor-rocker turned a romantic gesture into a bold statement by altering one of his most prominent tattoos — the ink along his knuckles that had once read “SLIM” now reads “SCUM”!
Depp reported had the name Slim, his wife Amber Heard’s nickname, tattooed on his hand in her honor after their marriage. However, as Radar reported, their marriage took a shocking turn when Amber Heard accused him weeks ago of being physically abusive.
PHOTOS: Johnny Depp Being Blackmailed By Amber Heard, Pal Claims
Bearing an eye that had allegedly been blackened by Depp, the 30-year-old filed for divorce from her husband of 15 months.
Depp’s friends and ex-partners have since spoken out in his defense, denying that he would ever lay a hand on a woman. /n