DeMario Vindicated! No Sexual Assault In 'BIP' Pool Incident/n
The investigation of Bachelor in Paradise‘s now-infamous pool incident in Mexico is complete — with no findings of sexual assault!
As Radar previously reported, the scandal kicked off last Sunday when Warner Bros. released a statement explaining that the network had “suspended production” to conduct a thorough investigation of sexual assault allegations.
Insiders told Entertainment Tonight that contestant DeMario Jackson got hot and heavy with an allegedly intoxicated Corinne Olympios while relaxing in a pool on set.
PHOTOS: Kylie Leaves Kris Behind—9 Photos Of Her Brand New Bachelorette Pad
Jackson publicly defended himself against allegations last Thursday, saying: “My character has been assassinated. My family name has been drug through the mud.”
The reality star also revealed that he was also fired from his executive recruiter position thanks to the scandal.
“I don’t blame anyone right now, all I want [are] the tapes,” he said.
PHOTOS: Alleged ABC’s “The Bachelorette” Home Chosen in Charlotte, NC
According to reports, Jackson’s attorney met with Warner Bros. lawyers on Monday to review tapes of the incident. He was ultimately cleared of assault allegations.
Meanwhile, filming is set to resume in Mexico and will air later this summer, according to a statement from WB obtained by BuzzFeed.
“The tape does not support any charge of misconduct by a cast member,” the statement read. “Nor does the tape show. . .that the safety of any cast member was ever in jeopardy.”
PHOTOS: Inside Bachelor Ben’s Bachelor Pad 
“Production on this season of the Bachelor in Paradise will be resuming, and we plan to implement certain changes to the show’s policies and procedures to enhance and further the safety and security of all participants.”
The network also insisted the swimming pool incident will not be released.
Olympios, who previously claimed she suffered “physical and emotional trauma” that evening, has yet to speak out on the matter.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n