Here’s the (Kinda Gross) Proof That Jennifer Lawrence and Darren Aronofsky Are Dating/n





                    Jennifer Lawrence Is Less 'Stressed' Dating Darren Aronofsky, Says Source
                







Details on their low-key relationship. 

 MORE >>










                    Jennifer Lawrence Revealed Something Nicholas Hoult Used to Hate While They Were Dating 
                







The ex spills the tea. 

 MORE >>





Jennifer Lawrence and Darren Aronofsky have pretty much confirmed rumors that they’re dating by — yes, you’re reading this correctly — swapping their DNA.

Amid rumors that the Oscar-winner is romantically involved with the Black Swan director, photos of the two sharing a lollipop whilst out and about in New York City have emerged. Obtained by E! News, the pictures, which were taken while the two were walking Lawrence’s dog this past weekend, show the pair handing one another the sweet treat after having the candy in their mouths.
An onlooker told the publication that the two “were laughing and smiling” and definitely “look[ed] like a couple.”


jennifer lawrence through the years








































21 Photos »


As previously reported, things between Lawrence, 26, and Aronofsky, 47, certainly looked to be getting serious after the duo were spotted enjoying a night out at Commissary inside Los Angeles’ The Line Hotel in October. Seen slipping away together in a black car, the rumored lovebirds were said to have been dining there so Lawrence could introduce Aronofsky to her friends.
A source close to the Joy actress told People that “they’ve been hanging out and are casually dating,” though nothing has been confirmed by either party.
Romance rumors first started swirling this August when they were photographed hanging out together at a café. Lawrence and Aronofsky reportedly became “really into each other” while they were working on their still-untitled project and kept “constant contact” after filming had finished.


the hottest Celebrity Hookups of 2016








































37 Photos »


/n