Miriam Shor on What She Eats in a Day: ‘Good Food Is One of Life’s Greatest Joys and I Will Never Punish Myself For It’/n
As a busy working mom of two, Younger star Miriam Shor doesn’t strive for perfection when it comes to her daily diet.
The New York-based actress says she fills up on veggies and protein but doesn’t restrict herself when it comes to food she loves. She also maintains an active lifestyle — Shor says she walks 2 to 7 miles a day, some of them with her 4-year-old daughter on her shoulders.
Beyond that, it’s been awhile since she’s found herself lifting weights or running on a treadmill. “I went to the gym 4 days in a row in January of 2016. That’s the last time I went.”
But Shor says she does her best: “My philosophy is to eat as healthy as I can whenever I can, but not to beat myself up when I don’t. Eating good food is, to me, one of life’s greatest joys and I will never punish myself for it.”
RELATED VIDEO: ‘Younger’ Stars Miriam Shor, Molly Bernard & Nico Tortorella Reveal Who’s Making Everyone Party on Set

Check out Shor’s daily food log below, and for more on her diet and workouts, pick up a copy of PEOPLE, on stands now.
Hydration
“I drink as much water as I can when I remember.”
Breakfast
Cup of black tea with whole milk and 1 tsp. of sugar, half an order of pancakes with butter and syrup, Halumi eggs and salad, ordered from Cafe Mogador in New York City (my favorite N.Y.C. restaurant)
RELATED LINK: Julianne Hough’s Food Diary
Lunch
Fresh mozzarella, tomato and basil salad
Snack
Large handful of nuts (I feel that I should divulge the fact that I have VERY large hands) and the rest of my daughter’s after-school snack — sweaty, slightly stale popcorn, but it is ORGANIC!
Dinner
Apple and cheddar salad with apple cider vinaigrette, 6 pieces of pizza with mozzarella (I just want to make clear that this pizza is EXTREMELY thin … and also EXTREMELY delicious), mushrooms, basil and olives, and her daughter’s broccoli, ordered from Gruppo in New York City
Dessert
1/3 of her daughter’s leftover chocolate Easter bunny (pretty sure she’s forgotten about it) and three glasses of white wine (I want to tell you what kind but I had three glasses so I cannot remember)
RELATED LINK: Lori Loughlin’s Food Diary
Total Calories:
2,966
The Verdict: 
“Miriam’s breakfast is healthy and fun,” says Atlanta-based dietitian Marisa Moore. “The eggs provide protein, and by splitting the pancakes, she can still enjoy a breakfast favorite.” Including a salad and a side of broccoli, plus veggie toppings on the pizza, were also great choices, says Moore. However, “a lighter dinner, with a slice or two less, might help her get the best sleep.” But overall “I love her balanced approach to meals.”
NOTE: It is recommended that women eat at least 1,200 calories per day, and men eat at least 1,800 calories per day.
/n