Evangeline Lilly On Her 'Best Butt Ever' Women's Health Cover: I Wanted Something Classier /n

Courtesy TBS

Evangeline Lilly has a new movie out (The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug in case you’re behind on your holiday blockbuster buzz), so you’d think her promo tour would be focused on the film and her acting, but instead, all the attention’s been on — to put it bluntly — her butt.
Her asset is featured on the January issue of Women’s Health in a pair of itty-bitty booty shorts with the tagline, “Best Butt Ever!” And the actress told Conan O’Brien on Wednesday night that the shot — and the headline — came as a surprise to her.
“Do you think I would have done the shoot if they said, ‘Oh, by the way, we’re gonna say ‘Best Butt Ever!’ and put a big arrow to your behind?'” she asked O’Brien. “You know, every woman is after a kind of classy image, I didn’t want T&A on my cover. It’s a women’s magazine, not Maxim.” 
RELATED PHOTOS: More stars who work hard for their fit figures!
Lilly spoke out again about the cover on ET Canada Friday, explaining that while the butt admiration is flattering, it still makes her uncomfortable: “I don’t know, it just felt like the wrong thing in the wrong place. But I’m not going to turn my nose up to a compliment. I mean it’s very nice of them to point out that they think that it’s nice. That’s very nice of them to say.”
She adds: “Every time you go to do a new photo shoot, you sort of lay down the ground rules. You explain the kind of image that you want portrayed of yourself, and I don’t know too many women who would approach a women’s magazine and say, ‘The image I’m hoping for is a rear end shot with my butt hanging out of some short shorts.’ That is not what you’re after. You’re kind of after something that’s a little more approachable to other women, a little classier. You’d expect that of a man’s magazine because men like the booty, right?” 
And while we’re definitely intrigued by what exercises lead to the star’s toned behind, we kind of understand why she’s a bit bummed about not knowing the mag’s cover plan before the issue hit newsstands.  
What do you think of the cover controversy? Should Lilly be offended?
–Brittany Talarico
/n