Muscular Dystrophy Battle! Leah's Daughter Using Wheelchair More/n
Prior to the new season of Teen Mom 2 airing, a doctor told Leah Messer and her ex-husband Corey Simms that their 6-year-old daughter Aliannah — who has muscular dystrophy — would eventually be spending all of her time in a wheelchair as her health declined.
While Ali continued to walk on her own, in a new MTV video, Messer shared that Ali is using her wheelchair more than before.
“She is adjusting so well to having her wheelchair,” Messer said. “She uses it at school. I’ll take it with me to [Ali’s twin sister] Gracie‘s competitions. She uses it for music, to go upstairs, to go outside and play, to feel independent.”
PHOTOS: The Proof! Read The Sexy Texts Leah Messer’s Husband Jeremy Calvert Exchanged With Tattoo Model Melissa Marie
Being more mobile has been a life changer for little Ali.
“She is so much happier,” Messer noted. “She comes home and she’s like, ‘Mommy, I use my wheelchair now.’ She feels so good.”
But as the doctor told Messer and Simms, only time will tell when Ali will have to depend on her device fulltime.
PHOTOS: Meet ‘Teen Mom’ Leah Messer’s Worst Nightmare! 10 Hot Photos Of Jeremy Calvert’s Tattoo Model Melissa Marie
“We’ve been given estimates of when she would need it fulltime, but we really don’t know for sure,” the 24-year-old reality star explained. “We have to just watch her and evaluate her because she’s the only child in the world that has this.”
As Radar previously reported, at the time of her doctor’s visit, Messer revealed that Ali would fall about five times a day.
“Her strength is still quite decent,” the doctor replied to Messer. “But once she’s getting to age seven, then gradually, the maturity affects her. Then she may very slowly get weaker.”
PHOTOS: ‘Teen Mom’ Tailspin! From Financial Ruin To Drug Rehab & Impending Divorce — 10 Reasons Leah Messer’s Had Worst Year Ever
But despite the sad prognosis, Ali hasn’t let her disabilities hold her back.
“Ali’s going to be strong no matter what,” Messer said. “That’s just Ali. She is going to be fine.”
“Grace is going to be fine,” she added. “Addy, they’re all going to work together. All of us are. Me and my girls.” /n