 ‘Little People’ Feud Exposed: Jacob Roloff Recalls Fights With Parents In Tell-All.../n
A few years ago, Jacob Roloff quit his famous family’s reality show, Little People, Big World, and began slamming his clan on social media. He accused them of stealing his child star earnings, and scripting scenes on the series.
Though the 20-year-old is now on good terms with his divorced parents, Matt and Amy, he recalls the most difficult years of feuding in his new book, Verbing.
After reluctantly falling into fame, “I felt isolated,” Jacob remembers. “And due to that, angry.”
PHOTOS: ‘Little People, Big World’s Jacob Roloff Quits Show, Exposes Family’s Reality Fakery!
“This led to arguments and miscommunications with family, especially my parents, culminating really in their decision to experiment having me see a therapist.”
During the worst of times, the “rift” was so severe, he says he rarely left his bedroom.
“I will leave you with but a few bullet points of the situations my mental overhaul wreaked: daily encounters with my mom ending with anything but a smile, having little to no relationship with my siblings, locking myself away in my room for all hours of the day, except to relieve myself or to unthankfully grab some food my mom had made,” he claims. “I was truly the epitome of a stereotypical teenager — a description I was given frequently.”
PHOTOS: ‘Little People,’ Big Feud! Rebel Son Jacob Roloff’s 10 Biggest Disses To His Family
Jacob eventually found peace in seclusion, philosophy and Zen Buddhism. (The rest of the family members are fervent Christians.)
Jacob appears to be close with his parents and siblings once again. He recently gushed over his brother Zach’s newborn son, Jackson.
“I love this kid,” he said.





 I LOVE THIS KID. ALOT. Look at those eyes..
A post shared by Jacob Roloff (@jacobroloff45) on Jun 16, 2017 at 8:24pm PDT



We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n