Victims Killed In Kim DePaola's Car Identified, Arrests Made In Double Murder/n
Police have identified the two men shot and burned to death in Real Housewives of New Jersey star Kim DePaola‘s car.
The Passaic County Prosecutor’s Office revealed Aaron Anderson, 27, and Antonio Vega Jr., 25, were the victims of the gruesome incident.
Clarence Williams, 26, and Gerry Thomas, 28, have been charged with the murders, News12NJ reported.
PHOTOS: Real Housewives, Real Scandals: 28 Of The Biggest Scandals To Hit The Bravo Franchise
Anderson’s family knew he was one of the victim’s before police confirmed it.
“We’re in a bad way right now,” Anderson’s uncle Charles Ryerson previously told Radar. “Aaron was a victim, but we’re still waiting for DNA to confirm that it’s really him.”
His mother Michele Ryerson also believed her son was “gone,” as she told WABC, “They found a wire in the driver’s mouth, in his jaws, my son has a wire in his jaw.”
PHOTOS: Punches! Hair Pulling & Drunken Battles! The 13 Nastiest Fights EVER On Real Housewives
Debora Hernandez, the mother of Vega Jr.’s 5-year-old daughter, told NorthJersey.com that his death was “brutal” and that it’s a “nightmare.”
DePaola, 56, claimed exclusively to Radar that she is not a suspect in the investigation.
“People are saying my car was tied to the murders, my car was not tied to anyone,” DePaola told Radar. “Aaron Anderson, a friend of my son, was supposed to drop my son off at the airport, park the car and not use it. But he used the car and then this horrific accident happened.”
PHOTOS: Andy Cohen’s ‘Real Housewives’ Tell All! Who’s A ‘Diva,’ & Who ALMOST Got A Spinoff?
The Bravo star, who has a recurring role on RHONJ, claims she was home and her son Chris Camiscioli, 27 who uses the car, was in California at the time of the incident.
“The cops never thought I had anything to do with it,” she said. “This would’ve happened in my car or not.”
Police responded to a car fire on Friday at 2 a.m. Law enforcement sources told NBC New York that the victims had been shot in the head execution-style before the car went up in flames.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n