Caitlyn Jenner to Be Honored at 2015 ESPYs, Will Receive Arthur Ashe Courage Award And the accolades keep on coming for Caitlyn Jenner.  ESPN confirms to E! News that the 65-year-old star will be honored at the 2015 ESPY Awards and will rece.../n
And the accolades keep on coming for Caitlyn Jenner. ESPN confirms to E! News that the 65-year-old star will be honored at the 2015 ESPY Awards and will receive the prestigious Arthur Ashe Courage Award in July. "In the past few months, the overwhelming outpouring of support from all over the world for my journey has been incredible," Jenner said in a statement. "However, being honored with this award, which is named after one of my heroes, is truly special. For the first time this July, I will be able to stand as my true self in front of my peers."Past recipients of the honor, which is presented annually to individuals whose contributions transcend sports, include Michael Sam, the NFL league's first openly gay player, Good Morning America's Robin Roberts and former women's college basketball coach Pat Summitt.The news of Jenner's forthcoming award comes just hours after the Keeping Up With the Kardashians star, formerly known as Bruce Jenner, made her public debut as Caitlyn Jenner on the cover of Vanity Fair (with the release of her Vanity Fair cover on June 1, Caitlyn has chosen to publicly identify as a woman and E! News will refer to her using female pronouns. In stories published prior to this date, Caitlyn was referred to as Bruce and male pronouns were used). 

READ: Friends, family and famous fans send love to Caitlyn Jenner

Additionally, Jenner is profiled in the magazine, her first print interview and photo shoot since revealing her new image to the public. "Bruce always had to tell a lie. He was always living that lie. Every day he always had a secret, from morning till night," Jenner says in a behind-the-scenes video from the magazine's photo shoot. "Caitlyn doesn't have any secrets. As soon as the Vanity Fair cover comes out, I'm free."ESPYs executive producer Maura Mandt also said: "Bruce has received many accolades over the years for being one of the greatest Olympians of our time but The ESPYS are honored to celebrate Bruce becoming Caitlyn. She has shown the courage to embrace a truth that had been hidden for years, and to embark on a journey that may not only give comfort to those facing similar circumstances, but can also help to educate people on the challenges that the transgender community faces." In late April, Jenner broke her silence about transitioning in an special two-hour interview with Diane Sawyer."For all intents and purposes I am a woman," she opened by saying. "People look at me differently. They see you as this 'macho male,' but my heart and my soul and everything I do in life, it is part of me, that female side is part of me. It's who I am. I was not genetically born that way."

PHOTOS: Remember these LGBT firsts on TV?
/n