Bill Cosby Tried To Pay Off Rape Accuser's Mom — And It Was Caught On Tape/n
Sicko Bill Cosby could hammer the final nail in his own coffin! The disgraced TV dad offered to buy off Gianna Constand, whose daughter accused him of rape, to make the case go away — and Gianna secretly recorded that damning phone conversation!
When those tapes are played in court, “Bill Cosby will be nailed by his own words!” a police source told RadarOnline.com.
According to bombshell court documents obtained by Radar, the conniving comic tried to entrap Gianna and her daughter, Andrea Constand, by having them cross state lines to collect the hush money.
PHOTOS: ‘We Want To Seek Justice!’ Philly DA Vows To Reveal ‘Truth’ About Cosby Sex Assault
The perv used the same ploy to set up his illegitimate daughter, Autumn Jackson, who was convicted of extortion in 1997 after she went to collect her payoff.
Now Radar has learned Gianna has emerged as the key witness against Cosby — and her explosive testimony could put the creep behind bars for good!
An attempt by America’s once-quintessential TV dad to get the smoking-gun tapes tossed as trial evidence was recently rejected by a Pennsylvania judge, who could sentence him to 10 years in prison if found guilty of sexually assaulting Andrea in 2004.
PHOTOS: Escaping Justice? Bill Cosby Could Flee Country Amid Sexual Assault Charges
In the incriminating January 2005 phone conversation, Cosby and Gianna talked at length, discussing the attack at his Cheltenham, Pa., home. Eventually, the former Jell-O pitchman began making offers of a payoff.
Asked to identify the knockout pills he slipped Andrea, Cosby, now 79, said, “We can talk about what you asked for later,” according to the transcript obtained by Radar.
The I Spy star then implied he could use his Hollywood pull to get Andrea a job and help pay for her graduate education. “Is Andrea still interested in the sportscasting or something in TV?” he asked her mom.
PHOTOS: Bill Cosby Sexual Assault Case: Smiling Wife Camille Arrives For Deposition
The creep later insisted: “I would be willing, only at your feelings, to set up something either in Toronto or wherever the two of you feel she could go to school. … Pay for the schooling, and whatever.”
Court documents show Cosby tried to lure Andrea and her mother to Miami because he wanted to give her money in the form of an “educational trust,” according to testimony from Andrea’s civil lawyer, Dolores Troiani, at a pretrial hearing.
Troiani referred to Autumn Jackson’s failed attempt to get $40 million from Cosby to stop her from talking to the media, and pointed out: “He was the one who injected money into that.”
PHOTOS:Bill Cosby Spotted At Court As Sexual Assault Case Begins
“So we felt that this could be another set-up, because she never asked for money. He was the one who interjected money into this and then said, ‘Let me send you a plane, let me get you to Miami,’ and things like that.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n