9 Showstopping Moments from the 2016 Tony Awards, Plus ‘Aladdin’ Karaoke by Jake Gyllenhaal/n





                    The Winners of the 2016 Tony Awards
                







Here, diversity and love win

 MORE >>





The ballots are in: Here are the best performances that you missed from the 2016 Tony Awards while you fell asleep with your mouth open.

Alright, so maybe you didn’t fall asleep. Perhaps you fell into an online click hole while trying to snag Hamilton tickets before they literally cost more than your college tuition plus your left foot. No matter, for we have the night’s biggest moments rounded up right here that will give you enough to talking points to last you through watercooler encounters until the end of the day.


Tony Awards 2016 - Arrivals








































55 Photos »


1. James Corden’s Message Against Hate and His Hamilton-Inspired Opening Number
The Late Late Show host opened the ceremony by addressing the Orlando massacre that shook the world over the weekend after it was announced that the Tonys would be dedicated to the tragedy’s victims. “On behalf of the whole theater community and every person in this room, our hearts go out to all of those affected by this atrocity,” Corden began. “All we can say is that you’re not on your own right now. Your tragedy is our tragedy. Theater is a place where every race, creed, sexuality, and gender is equal, is embraced, and is loved. Hate will never win. Together we have to make sure of that.”
He continued the show with a musical number about his passion for theater, which received Oprah’s seal of approval.





2. Lin Manuel-Miranda’s Emotional Sonnet
The Hamilton creator accepted his award for Best Score with a sonnet about love and acceptance that paid homage to his wife and the victims of Orlando’s devastating mass shooting.





“We rise and fall, and light from dying embers, remembrances that hope and love last longer and love is love is love is love is love is love is love is love cannot be killed or swept aside.”
3. Glenn Close as Hillary Clinton in A Clinton Line
She really hopes she gets it.





4. Corden Resurfaces Josh Groban’s High School Performance in Fiddler on the Roof
To life! To vests.





5. Jake Gyllenhaal, Sean Hayes, and Corden Karaoke to “A Whole New World” During the Commercial Break
OMG.





6. Andrew Lloyd Webber Played the Tambourine with Steve Martin and Miranda
Go figure.

Embed from Getty Images




7. Barbra Streisand Returned to the Tonys for the First Time in 46 Years
“Thank you, thank you. You’re making me verklempt,” said the songstress before speaking out about the Orlando shooting. “Tonight our joy is tinged with sorrow, but we’re here to celebrate Broadway and the beauty that artistry can bring into this world. The artists that write the plays, the composers and the lyricists who write the songs, and the actors who bring them to life. Art can entertain us and educate us, and in times like these, console us.”

Embed from Getty Images




8. Pregnant Audra McDonald Performed with Shuffle Along Cast
Female power so strong.





9. Gloria Estefan Brings the House to Their Feet
Check out the little boys with their suspenders nailing their performance.





/n