That Time Amy Schumer Dropped $2,000 Just to Use a Store’s Restroom/n





                    Amy Schumer's Boyfriend Gave Her a Great Excuse to Stop Giving Him Oral Sex
                







You snooze, you lose. 

 MORE >>










                    Amy Schumer Buys Back the Farm Her Family Lost When They Went Bankrupt
                







Amy Schumer is living the American dream!

 MORE >>





Talk about an expensive pee break!

Amy Schumer just shelled out big bucks as a token of appreciation for shopkeeper let her used the store’s bathroom during a morning run. According to Sagine Lazarre, who works at a Mattress Firm in Chicago, the Trainwreck star purchased a $2,000 mattress just for her as thank you gift.
Lazarre said she didn’t think any of it at first when she allowed a female jogger to use the store’s restroom on last week. “She comes out of the bathroom and asks me which one of these (mattresses) is my favorite. I told her … She told me she wanted to buy it for me. And I was was so shocked! And I was was so shocked!” she recalled to WGN.
The clerk explained she had seen Schumer’s work, but she didn’t recognize the actress’ face until she saw Schumer’s name on the credit card.


Inside Amy Schumer's $12.15 Million home








































18 Photos »


“After she left, I Googled her name,” she remembered. “The lady that was right there talking to me is Amy Schumer. It was amazing. Unbelievable.”
Lazarre added the new mattress came at a good time as she had just moved into a new home with her daughter.
However, this wasn’t Schumer’s first time making someone’s day! Last year, the comedienne left a $1,000 tip on a $77 bar tab when she went to see Hamilton in New York City. “Lots of love to my fellow bartenders and artists,” she tweeted when word got out about her bill. “I’m grateful to them and the cast and crew for another great night.”



And then @amyschumer comes into your work and does something amazing #hamilton #amyschumer
A post shared by Madeleine DeJohn (@madeleinedejohn) on Mar 19, 2016 at 8:19pm PDT



/n