Disney Channel’s ‘Girl Meets World’ Receives PGA Awards Nomination After Being Canceled/n





                    'Boy Meets World' Cast Reunites at ATX Festival
                







A must-see reunion

 MORE >>





Girl Meets World, the Disney Channel’s sequel series to Boy Meets World, was canceled just a week after Rider Strong said on his podcast that the show would end with Season 3.

“Disney Channel will present the series finale of Girl Meets World on FRIDAY, JANUARY 20 (6:00 p.m. EST). In the episode, ‘Girl Meets Goodbye,’ the Matthews family contemplates a life-changing decision,” the network said in a statement [via Deadline].“We are proud that for over 70 episodes, Michael Jacobs, April Kelly and the talented creative team, cast and crew entertained viewers with an authentic and heartfelt look at navigating adolescence.”
The kicker is that hours after the announcement of the show’s cancellation, Girl Meets World received a PGA Awards nomination for Outstanding Children’s Program.
The Twitter account for the Girl Meets World writers room confirmed the news in a series of tweets.


It is with incredible pride in our work and complete sadness that things end, that I report to this wonderful audience that our show is over
— Girl Meets Writers (@GMWWriters) January 5, 2017



I just officially got the call, and would like to thank this audience for its incredible love and loyalty. Please watch our January episodes
— Girl Meets Writers (@GMWWriters) January 5, 2017

“We leave you with three incredible souvenirs of a show we couldn’t be more proud of,” they concluded. “As I look back I can tell you with absolute certainty, we gave you our best.” The writers also commented on their PGA Awards nomination.


GMW nominated this morning Outstanding Children's Programming by Producer's Guild of America.It's like rai-ai-ain on your wedding day…
— Girl Meets Writers (@GMWWriters) January 5, 2017



Inside the Real-Life 'Boy Meets World' House








































28 Photos »


Several other cast members paid tribute to the show, including Sabrina Carpenter, who added a lengthy, heartfelt note in the caption of the photo below. “The last time I had in n out burger and didn’t eat it, I had just been cast in a show called girl meets world! Tonight I sit here and I can’t eat my in n out burger because life comes full circle,” wrote Carpenter. “We speak in the language of love, heartbreak, friendship, family, sadness, and laughter. Wherever we are in the world, whatever we believe in, whoever we love, we all speak that language.”
Carpenter continued, “To everyone that grew up watching Boy Meets World and decided to give our story for a new generation a chance, thank you. And to the little girls reading this, You can do whatever you put your mind to.”



The last time I had in n out burger and didn’t eat it, I had just been cast in a show called girl meets world! Tonight I sit here and I can’t eat my in n out burger because life comes full circle. We speak in the language of love, heartbreak, friendship, family, sadness, and laughter. Wherever we are in the world, whatever we believe in, whoever we love, we all speak that language. We had the privilege of growing up in front of your eyes. The privilege of teaching the lessons we were learning ourselves and beyond that. To the family that was created on our set, between the cast and crew, thank you for giving us the ability to make mistakes and to grow. I felt so safe in that bay window. People thought it was weird that I was excited to go to work. People thought it was weird that we really did and still do love each other. That’s a rare entity, we hold that tight. Thank you Disney for giving this show and these characters the chance to see the light of day. I know I feel very lucky to have given life to Maya hart. MJ- without you I wouldn’t know most of what I do. I also probably would have never had 2 paint fights in my lifetime. We live in an intricate world. We can be adversaries whilst being allies. To everyone that watched our show and felt something, thank you. To everyone that grew up watching Boy Meets World and decided to give our story for a new generation a chance, thank you. And to the little girls reading this, You can do whatever you put your mind to. You’re gonna meet the world now, and I think you’ll love it. “There is no end. There is no beginning. There is only the infinite passion of life.” – Fellini
A photo posted by Sabrina Carpenter (@sabrinacarpenter) on Jan 5, 2017 at 12:07am PST



/n