Do Not Rest In Peace: Hateful Founder Of Westboro Baptist Church, Fred Phelps, Dead/n
Fred Phelps Sr., founder of the controversial Westboro Baptist Church in Kansas has died, his son confirmed.
Known for protesting funerals and picketing at gay and military rallies, Phelps, 84, passed away on Wednesday night, Tim Phelps told WIBW.
The paper reported that Phelps had been “on the edge of death” over the weekend and had been in hospice care — although his cause of death has not been confirmed.
PHOTOS: Celebrity Death Threats
Phelps had also been ex-communicated from his own church in August of 2013, for reportedly advocating a “kinder approach.”
Members of the hateful church were often photographed with picket signs saying things like, “God Hates F*gs”, “Thank God for dead soldiers”, “Don’t Pray For The USA” and “Thank God For 9/11.”
PHOTOS: Libby Phelps Leaves Controversial Westboro Baptist Church
The church’s extreme ideology was based on the claim that deaths were a direct result of America’s tolerance for homosexuality and abortion, and the nation’s immorality.
As of 2011, the church — which is primarily made up of the Phelps family — had about 40 members.
Westboro Baptist Church was defined by The Southern Poverty Law Center as a hate group.
PHOTOS: Celebrity Racist Rants
The controversial church leader’s death was immediately met with jubilation online:


It seems the founder of Westboro Baptist Church, Fred Phelps, has died. 
I sincerely hope he rests in peace.  
God knows he struggled here.
— Chely Wright (@chelywright) March 20, 2014



People often ask whether Fred Phelps & Co. ever came after me. They in fact did threaten to try to ruin our weddi… pic.twitter.com/eQRsxwaH9Z
— George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) March 19, 2014



Westboro Baptist Church's Fred Phelps dies. I hope all his victims go protest the bigot's funeral. http://t.co/oZPbaJLClw
— Film Ladd (@FilmLadd) March 20, 2014



Fred Phelps has died. Everybody go do something SUUUUUUUPER gay in his memory, and may he burn in hell.
— Bob Chipman (@the_moviebob) March 20, 2014



Westboro's Fred Phelps died last night, according to son. Gotta say — not upset about this news. In fact, need a few more WBC obits.
— Roy Bragg (@roybragg) March 20, 2014

However, some insist on taking the high road — sending well-wishes to his family and not being the kind of person he was.


Fred Phelps is gone — let's try to not be as mean and hateful about his death as he was in life.
— Maggie Hendricks (@maggiehendricks) March 20, 2014



Fred Phelps has died. Let's not be hypocrites&protest his funeral. Organize day of action for #LGBT #equality or just speak out on that day!
— Morgan MenesesSheets (@morgmeneshets) March 20, 2014



There goes Fred Phelps. I hope all that rage transforms into something better.
— Colette Bennett (@colettebennett) March 20, 2014



While I don't agree with the views of his church, I beg everyone to remember that Fred Phelps was still human.  I hope they can be at peace.
— Best Genet (@Seyloren) March 20, 2014

Before Phelps’ death, church family member Margie Phelps had revealed that he would not be having a funeral as they are not in line with their church policy. /n