 Katherine Jackson's Secret Hell: 'Trauma' & 'Abuse' Claims In Disturbing Court Documents.../n
Katherine Jackson, her family and friends, have unleashed a series of explosive elder abuse allegations against her nephew, Trent Jackson.
At 86 years old, the music family matriarch is finally speaking out about the disturbing abuse she claims she’s suffered for years. Already granted a temporary restraining order against Trent, she describes the nightmare in her own words in newly filed court documents obtained by Radar.
“I am currently in London, England, under a doctor’s care in part because of the stress this situation with Trent is causing me,” Katherine begins. “I am fearful that my decision to terminate his employment, and request for this retraining order … will cause him to try and cause me further harm.”
“I have tried to terminate Trent’s employment before in order to get him away from me,” she writes, claiming, “I have spoken to adult protective services in the past, but I have not had the strength or courage to follow through.”
“I don’t want to return to LA until this restraining order is in place,” she explains, “because I know he will try to have contact to me to try and manipulate my emotions into changing my mind.”
Her private hell began after son Michael died in 2009, she claims, and Trent “fraudulently infiltrated himself into my affairs.”
Now, she alleges, “I am under Trent’s control.”
PHOTOS: Frail Katherine Jackson Gets Pushed In A Wheelchair As She Faces Her Last Days
“I am afraid of Trent in my own home for many reasons,” she alleges. “I have no privacy since he has free run of the house.”
Even more disturbingly, she claims, “Trent copied the key to my bedroom lock,” and she even claims to believe “he has put cameras and bugs in my home,” and “screens calls.”
Trent is “trying to isolate me from my children so that he can have more influence in my affairs,” she alleges, and has already “initiated physical harm on my daughter, son and grandson.”
On top of all that, Katherine claims Trent’s “financial abuse” has been just as pervasive. After letting him oversee one family charity event, for example, she alleges “the money is gone.”
PHOTOS: Inside Michael Jackson’s Twisted World: ‘Frightening’ Raid Evidence Exposed
Katherine’s friends and family filed their own declarations supporting her claims.
Son Jermaine described one disturbing incident, where he claims that Trent “through [sic] my sister against the wall, hit me … hit my nephew in the jaw.”
As for the “financial abuse,” Jermaine alleges that “she knows of at least $40K” missing, but he claims “it is probably much more.”
Now, daughter Rebbie said in her declaration, Katherine, “has had enough of his abuse, and she finally feels strong enough to fight to get rid of him,” to end the “trauma and abuse.”
She has asked the court to extend the restraining order.
Story developing.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n