Purple Pouts! 4 Fun (and Easy) Ways to Wear Violet Lipstick This Summer/n
David M. Benett/Getty; Isabel Infantes/PA Images/S
Bold pouts are usually a no-no in the heat, as heavy colors typically lead to bleeding, smudging and feathering. But lucky for us, celebs don’t follow the beauty rules, which means endless makeup inspo — all year long! The latest star-loved trend we’re crazy for this summer? Vibrant purple lips — in every variation of the deep hue, from lavender to violet to plum. Celebs, including Solange Knowles, Serena Williams, Salma Hayek and Lucy Hale, prove purple pouts are so in, so we’ve tapped a few makeup pros for tips and tricks on how to wear the shade all year long.
“I think that a striking lip shows confidence and sensuality, and a comfort in one’s own skin,” Salma Hayek’s makeup pro Whitney James tells PeopleStyle. “Summer is all about fun and relaxation, and there is a formality to the bold lip, while being playful at the same time.”
If you’re not too keen on painting your pout a bold, show-stopping shade, ease into the purple lip trend with a lighter, more subtle hue, like Knowles’ and Williams’ pink-tinted version. Both stars opted for an almost fuchsia lip color, which they paired with minimal eye makeup, which James recommends, to keep the focus on the lip.
RELATED PHOTOS: 11 Beauty Products to Help Beat the Summer Heat
Jon Kopaloff/FilmMagic; Arthur Mola/Invision/AP
But if you’re not afraid of embracing bright color, James says to try a different variation of purple, like a shade that falls more into the plum or wine family, like the Salma Hayek Nuance True Color Moisture Rich Lipstick in Plum Wine she used on Hayek for the Septembers of Shiraz premiere.
“With so many shades of purple to choose from, there is a color for each skin tone,” she tells PeopleStyle. “The purple is brave and confident, as is a bold red, pink or coral.”
RELATED VIDEO: How It’s Done: Winged Liner

No matter how bold you decide to go with your lip, Hale’s makeup artist Kelsey Deenihan says the most important thing to remember is to have fun with it. The season shouldn’t be dependent of your makeup routine, so if you want to go bold in the middle of July, go for it! “I don’t believe in rules when it comes to makeup,” Deenihan tells PeopleStyle.
Case in point: For the MuchMusic Video Awards in Toronto in late June, the makeup pro selected a bold bordeaux pout for the Pretty Little Liars star to pair with her sleek, center-parted strands. 
To get the lip look, Deenihan mixed two shades — mark. Lipclick Matte Lipstick in Vixen with Chanel Rouge Allure Luminous Intense Lip Color in 109 — to create the statement pout. 
“We wanted to create a goth, Posh Spice-inspired look for this event,” she told PeopleStyle. “So the dark lip was the perfect complement.” 
Would you wear purple lipstick in summer? Share below!
–Sarah Kinonen
/n