 EXCLUSIVE VIDEO INTERVIEW: Carrie Prejean's Mom Told Her To Get Pregnant By Michael Phelps.../n
With her new book Still Standing out on bookshelves now, Carrie Prejean continues to be a controversial figure since her gay marriage comments during the Miss USA pageant on April 19th. While her mother Francine has been a source of strength for the former Miss California, RadarOnline.com has learned exclusively that Francine allegedly advised Carrie to become pregnant with Olympic gold medalist Michael Phelps’ child. 
Carrie Prejean Claims Miss CA Pageant Director Pressured Her Into Boob Job
“She had said to Carrie that she thought she should get pregnant by Michael Phelps, that she’d be set for life.” says Valerie Vetrano, a friend of Francine’s.   Carrie Prejean’s Lawyer Says They’re Ready to Sue Pageant 
Vetrano says Prejean responded “Oh, mom” to the suggestion.  
As RadarOnline.com first reported, Prejean and Phelps dated after meeting in Las Vegas and attended a few football games together. Carrie’s grandmother Jeannette Coppola confirmed the relationship and told RadarOnline.com: “Carrie knows that he has dated a lot of girls but she enjoys going out with him and isn’t serious about being in a relationship with him.” She added “He’s a nice guy and she likes him.”
Carrie seems to contradict the timing of her relationship with the Olympian in her book.  She wrote that she wanted to attend a book signing of Michael’s once she was crowned Miss California and was told no by the pageant officials.  “Later, after Michael and I became good friends, (though not the torrid romantic partners the gossip sheets tried to make us out to be), we had a big laugh about this,” Carrie wrote.  However, RadarOnline.com reported exclusively that Carrie and Michael met in September 2008 and attended a few football games together that season.  Carrie was not crowned Miss California until November 2008.
FIRST PHOTO: Michael Phelps & Miss California 
Carrie is currently dating Kyle Boller, the second string quarterback of the St. Louis Rams.  
Exclusive Pageant Says Carrie Prejean Never Paid Back Money From Breast Implants 
Sexy Swimsuit Competition Photos of Carrie Prejean 
Prejean and the Miss California pageant settled their lawsuit on November 3, but when details about the settlement meeting surfaced, her lawyer expressed outrage and told RadarOnline.com exclusively, “We are weighing our options and if this is a breach of contract we are considering suing for punitive damages.” /n