Dwayne ‘The Rock’ Johnson Sells His $3 Million Florida Mega-Mansion/n
From California to Florida, Dwayne Johnson is unloading some seriously pricey properties.
The Fast & Furious 6 star’s Sunshine State digs just sold last month for a whopping $3 million.
And this isn’t like any other bachelor pad. This bulked-up action star likes his homes just like he likes his famous muscles… BIG!
It was only a year ago that Johnson bought the 13,353-square foot mega-mansion just north of Miami from another former University of Miami football player, Miami Dolphins Vernon Carey, for $3.4 million.
This time the 41-year-old actor asked for $3.49M — but only got $3 million. (Seems like a bargain for the opulent property that’s almost 100,000 total square feet.)
So, you ask, what do you get for that kind of dough?
The custom-built 6-bedroom, 6-bath chateau has a grand entrance with gated driveway fit for the wrestling king-turned-movie star, majestic fountains and super private lush landscaping. The gourmet kitchen has state-of-the-art chef’s-style appliances, spectacular media room, spacious master suite, and oak paneled office.
Even your feet will get the five-star treatment with marble floors throughout.
Johnson has also been able to show off (and flex) those pecs doing laps in the resort-style pool. Outside are also separate guest quarters and built-in-grill for summer entertaining.
And if you can afford a $3 million manse, you’re going to need a place for all those pimped out rides. So the six-car garage will come in handy.
It seems The Rock has been in the business of getting rid of lots of his homes as of late, with TMZ reporting that he also just sold his 9,120 square-foot Hidden Hills, Calif. estate with a super sweet asking price of $4.9M.
And, of course, this one is just as fancy.
The uber-private custom contemporary Mediterranean abode comes with six bedrooms, not one — but two — private gates that open to a motor court, waterfall entry and four-car garage.
Inside, it’s like a museum with art walls, all stainless steel gourmet kitchen, master suite retreat, and four walk-in closets. Outside you’ll find an infinity edge pool and spa, outdoor patios, BBQ center, waterfall and stunning mountain views.
But hands-down our favorite designer features (and what every celeb obviously needs) — an over-the-top screening room with (get this!) a bar and movie marquee entrance and his very own barber shop.
Just take a look at The Rock’s over-the-top mega-mansions for yourself in the CB! gallery above.


Bruce willis wants $22 million for his cali mansion








































34 Photos »


 
 
/n