Star Gives Babwa Silent Treatment/nStar Jones says she's over  "The View " – and that she hasn't uttered a word to her old boss Barbara Walters since she got booted from the morning gabfest last summer.Jones tells TV Guide that she hasn't spoken to anyone at  "The View " since her bitch-errific departure, though she does have email correspondence with Elisabeth Hasselbeck because, Star says, they  "had a very personal relationship. " Still, Star won't spill the beans on what Thin Lizzie talks to her about (job openings?) because she's  "extremely discreet. " Still, Jones says that she still keeps up with the show itself, because it's  "very difficult not to keep up with it if you read newspapers or magazines or do any work on the Internet. " Jones claims that she's happy for Rosie & Co., even though ratings skyrocketed on the show pretty much exactly when Star bolted. Meanwhile, TMZ caught up with Star giving someone else an icy-cold reception yesterday in Manhattan. Angelina's Hot Passport Angelina Jolie may have gotten a faceful of tears from her newly adopted son Pax, but Angie's own passport picture will brighten just about anybody's day. The picture was part of Jolie's adoption application, and smokin' hot is putting it lightly. Meanwhile, Jolie went yesterday to pick up the newly-named three-year-old Pax Thien, but he started crying during their first encounter, perhaps because, as Nguyen Van Trung tells People, he didn't even know he was being adopted!  "We just told him that we are taking him out, " says Trung.  "You are going to play outside – play with a mother and father. " After the initial jitters, however, all went well. Pax – described as  "very cheerful and happy " played nice with new big bro Maddox. Heather Mills Cries Wolf on UK 911 Heather Mills has been overusing the British equivalent of 911, and the police have had just about enough of her bleating. The monopod and soon-to-be-ex-McCartney Mills dials 999 (emergency in the UK) so much to kvetch about the paparazzi, that a Sussex police superintendent complained to reporters, as reported by Page Six,  "Clearly, people who make lots of calls to the police run the risk of being treated as the little boy who cried wolf. " According to Mills' rep, the dancer-to-be hasn't annoyed the cops and she's simply protecting herself from the paps. Party Favors: Jay-Z NOT Drinking Cristal ... Joe Simpson Getting Forgetful ... Spielberg Gets into Comedy Jay-Z says that even though a bottle of Cristal was brought to his table at a Manhattan club the other night, he most certainly did not drink any of the bubbly, which he famously boycotted last year. ... Joe Simpson, say Rush & Molloy, forgot his BlackBerry after lunch at the Brooklyn Diner in New York. A Diner minion ran after Pa Simpson, but to no avail. ... Steven Spielberg has his sights set on TV comedy on a new series called  "The United States of Tara, " about an ordinary seeming woman with two kids who happens to suffer from multiple personality disorder. The show, reports Variety, may land at Showtime./n