'It Sucks!' Javi Marroquin Breaks Down Amid Kailyn Lowry Pregnancy Scandal/n
Javi Marroquin isn’t taking his split from Kailyn Lowry well. The Teen Mom 2 dad broke down in tears on his first family vacation without his estranged wife in a Teen Mom 2 sneak peek.
“I’m here by myself with Lincoln,” he said of his family vacation to Myrtle Beach. “We used to take family trips everywhere. It’s sad.”
But Marroquin’s family wouldn’t let him mourn the end of his marriage, as his brother slammed Lowry for her carefree behavior.
“I’m pissed off with everything I see on the Internet,” his brother Salvador said. “She’s over here living life and you’re here crying. Don’t let her win!”
PHOTOS: Javi Marroquin Going Overseas AGAIN – But This Time For His New Girlfriend
Despite his brother’s support, Marroquin continued to break down in tears.
“Yeah but it sucks going home to an empty house every f****g day,” he said. “I’m sad I don’t have my family anymore. I created an empire and now it’s gone, everything. When I don’t have Lincoln I’m by myself. It sucks.”
But his issues with Lowry have only gotten worse, as she’s been accused of being pregnant with her new boyfriend’s baby.
The speculation started when a photoshopped image surfaced of Lowry holding a positive pregnancy test.
PHOTOS: 13 Reasons Kailyn Lowry & Javi Marroquin Ended Their Rocky Marriage
On Monday night’s after show, Lowry appeared to be covering her bump with a loose-fitting shirt.
“Anyone else think Kail looks pregnant?” one user tweeted, as another asked, “Why does Kail look pregnant?”
Despite her fuller figure, Lowry has denied the rumors. She told Radar “no” when asked if she’s expecting.
PHOTOS: Divorce Off? ‘Teen Mom’s Kailyn Lowry & Javi Marroquin Filming ‘Marriage Boot Camp’
A rep for Lowry added, “It’s completely fabricated.”
Marroquin busted Lowry’s new man in their home only days after he returned from deployment.
“I texted her and said can I drop Lincoln off and she was like, ‘I’m at Walmart right now come in an hour,'” Marroquin said on the episode. “We pull up earlier since Kail’s car was there and we see another car. I knock on the door, Lincoln goes in and I said, ‘Let me get my stuff’ and she won’t let me in. I’m like I’m not leaving my son with another dude here, not happening.”
Do you think Lowry is pregnant? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n