‘Westworld’: Evan Rachel Wood on Dolores’ Surprise Twist in the Season Finale /n





                    So Spoiled: ‘Westworld’ Creators Tease Other Parks and Much More
                







The first season of Westworld has drawn to a close...

 MORE >>





Warning! Spoilers head!
Now that Westworld’s first season is complete, fans can take a step back and consider the concept in its entirely (thus far). As we long suspected, Will (Jimmi Simpson) is indeed the Man in Black (Ed Harris) and Ford (Anthony Hopkins) had no intention of turning over his sprawling creation without a fight. We also discovered that Dolores (Evan Rachel Wood) is the show’s mythic villain, Wyatt. In a new interview, the actress discussed discovering that she herself was the show’s cryptic killer.

“…they introduced this looming character of Wyatt, and I kept asking people on the set: ‘Have we cast him yet? When is he going to show up? Who’s playing him? Who’s Wyatt?’” she relayed to The Hollywood Reporter. “I went and looked everywhere, turned over every stone, and came up with nothing — and then I realized I hadn’t turned over mine.”


James Marsden Hits the Beach in Maui








































13 Photos »


Of course, embodying Wyatt meant breaking the heart of beloved Teddy (James Marsden) and ending the rule of her creator, Dr. Ford, which Wood revealed was an especially difficult scene to film.
“I felt terrible! I read [the finale] and didn’t know it was coming. It was on the very last page. I threw the script down and walked away with my mouth open for a good hour. I just couldn’t believe it,” she said. “When I got to set the first time I saw Anthony after I read it, I walked up to him and said, ‘I am so sorry. I am so sorry I have to kill you!’ And he went, ‘No, no, no. It’s all right. It’s beautiful! It’s really beautiful!’ He forgave me. He saw the poetry in it.”
When asked about future seasons visiting other parks (like one fans have already dubbed “Samurai World”), Wood had few answers, but she did share this:
“The only thing I do know is that when I met with [co-creator Lisa Joy] and Jonah [Nolan] for the first time, I said, ‘This is great, because if there’s any action on the show, I’m a black belt in Tae Kwon Do.’ And Lisa’s eyebrows perked right up. She looked over at Jonah and said: ‘Mm! That might come in handy!’”


Kit Harington & Emilia Clarke on Set of 'Game of Thrones'








































18 Photos »


/n