Liam Payne And Girlfriend Cheryl Cole Welcome Their First Child/n
Liam Payne is one happy One Direction dad.
Payne, 23, and girlfriend Cheryl Cole, 33, welcomed their first child together on Wednesday, March 22, but the singer is just leaking his news out now.
And it’s a boy, Payne revealed.
PHOTOS: One Direction Star Louis Tomlinson’s Airport Brawl With A Photographer CAUGHT On Camera
On Saturday, Payne wrote to fans on Instagram, “My close friends and family know there are very few times when I’m left speechless… wow! I’m incredibly happy to welcome our new baby boy into the world, it’s a moment that I will never forget for the rest of my life and my favourite memory I have so far.”
The former One Direction star added, “I’m completely in awe of his incredible mother and how she has been the whole way through this, she’s really made my dreams come true. We haven’t named him yet but he’s already capturing hearts including mine. I feel very blessed. Happy Mother’s Day everyone!”
Cole also addressed fans on her Instagram, writing alongside the same photo, “On Wednesday 22nd March Liam and I became parents to an incredibly beautiful, healthy baby boy, weighing 7lb 9 and looking like a dream. Although he still doesn’t have a name he is already stealing hearts.”
PHOTOS: One Direction Caught Filming Illegally & Stealing Handicapped Parking Spot
“We are all madly in love and overwhelmingly happy with our little arrival. Happy Mother’s Day to all the mothers around the world. A day that now has a different meaning to me forever,” she added.
The pregnancy was a mystery, as Payne and Cole, also a singer, never officially confirmed they were expecting.
But before the birth, Cole sported a growing baby bump and Payne hinted around, telling supporters he was “the happiest I could be.”
PHOTOS: One Direction Performs On The Today Show
However, Payne and Cole both ignored direct questions about her pregnancy.
It’s not the first baby for the One Direction crew. Payne’s ex-bandmate Louis Tomlinson has a son Freddie, 1. As Radar has extensively reported, Tomlinson recently was embroiled in scandal when he attacked a photographer in an airport.
Meanwhile, Payne and Cole are celebrating their new addition. Kimberly Walsh, Cole’s former bandmate from the band Girls Aloud, said, “She’ll be a brilliant mum. She has loads of nieces and nephews, so she’s used to the madness of children.”
PHOTOS: Rough Night? Zayn Malik Looks Grim In London One Day After Leaving One Direction Over His Hard Partying — 9 New Photos
As Radar has reported, Payne was recently caught up in a scary incident involving an unhinged man shooting at a popular West Hollywood nightclub called The Peppermint Club.
The disturbed gunman fired shots in the air, causing the revelers inside the club, including Payne, to panic at the noise. Luckily, Payne was okay.
And now, he’s a proud dad!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n