Morning Buzz: Jennifer Aniston Jokes About Vacationing With The Jolie-Pitts/n
In a revealing interview in GQ, E! reports that Jennifer Aniston shows her lighter side by joking about how she takes vacations with her ex-husband Brad Pitt and his current companion and mother of his children, Angelina Jolie. “The funny thing is that people don’t realize we all go away to the Hamptons on the weekends,” she says in the new issue, in which she appears wearing only a men’s necktie on the cover. “But can you imagine?” Aniston asks. “That’d be hysterical: I’ve got Zahara on my hip, and Knox…”
Us reports that Tom Cruise will once again sit down with the Today show’s Matt Lauer for an interview about his new film, Valkyrie, on Monday. This interview will be the first since their infamous one three years ago when Tom scolded Matt for being “glib” for his questions about Cruise’s Scientologist views about psychiatry and psychiatric medication. “Matt and I talk two, three, four times a day,” Cruise joked at a roast for Lauer in October.
The Sun reports that Amy Winehouse’s husband Blake Fielder-Civil, who was recently transported back to prison from rehab after failing a drug test, was attacked and beaten in prison. “Some lads don’t appreciate men who don’t treat their women  well. Blake got a bit of a kicking and was moved away from a gang who were  after his blood,” a source said. Fielder-Civil has reportedly been moved from London’s Pentonville Prison to Edmunds Hill Jail in  Suffolk after the incident.
The BBC reports that actor Josh Hartnett has accepted $30,000 in libel damages from British newspaper The Daily Mirror for a story they printed claiming that Harnett had sexual relations with a woman in the library of London’s Soho Hotel and was caught on security cameras. Hartnett will reportedly donate the money to charity.
Us reports that Hanson bandmember Taylor Hanson is a father for the fourth time. His wife Natalie has given birth to son Viggo Moriah in Tulsa, Oklahoma, according to his rep. Taylor, 25, and Natalie, 24, already have three children – Ezra, 6, River, 2, and Penelope, 3.
/n