Blac Chyna Has No Plans To Take Dream From Rob Kardashian, But Does Want Him In Anger Management Classes!/n

Blac Chyna wants Rob Kardashian involved in their daughter's life, despite their messy feud.
As you surely know, the KUWTK celeb was hit with a temporary restraining order after he released a series of lewd images and "cyber-bullied" his baby momma last week. Although the former video vixen claims Kris Jenner's son has gotten physical with her, she still wants her baby girl, Dream Kardashian, to have a relationship with Rob.
Related: Rob's Fam "Pleaded With Him To Stop" Amid His Revenge Porn Outburst!
In an extended version of her Good Morning America sit down, the 29-year-old revealed she has no plans to make a play for full custody of Dreamy. During the interview (which was aired during Nightline), the mother-of-two noted: 
"I would never try to take Dream from her dad. Hopefully, me and Rob can learn to have common ground and be the best co-parents as we can be."
For Dream's sake, we hope these two can work things out. However, before their platonic relationship can be mended, Chyna wants her ex to take anger management classes. The reality TV starlet's lawyer Lisa Bloom explained:
"We think that Rob should also go to anger management classes, but priority one immediately is to protect her safety."
We mean, Chyna says the sock mogul has a gun… should Dream really be left unsupervised with an emotional Kardashian?? Just sayin'.
At the end of the day, Kim Kardashian West's former bestie isn't looking to "start a war" as her legal counsel dished to Entertainment Tonight:
"Chyna is not concerned about Dream being around Rob. She has said he's a good father, there are nannies around when the baby is with him and she hasn't had any reason to be concerned. We did not ask for the baby to be part of the restraining order… We just want him to stay away from her and to stop cyberbullying her."
Fair enough. Be sure to ch-ch-check out Nightline's coverage of the drama for yourself (below)!

[Image via Instagram/WENN.]
/n