CommentBuzz: The Week’s Best Reader Comments About Justin Bieber Look-Alikes and More/n
Well, hello! It’s been a while. A week, actually. I hope you’ve been well. I’ve been well, thanks for asking. No, no, it’s OK. I was only joking; I wasn’t seriously offended that you didn’t ask. Anyway. What did you do this week? Did you twerk on a pole? Did you go bungee jumping? Did you “Do What U Want” with your body? I did all of the above. I lead a very exciting life. But of all of the exciting things I do, the most exciting is sharing some of the best comments you left on our stories this week.

Our most talked-about story of the week was the young man who spent thousands of dollars to “look like” Justin Bieber:
“he needs a psychiatrist…NOT a plastic surgeon!” – mothersupreme
“Um I would sue the Surgeon cause theres no way that dude even looks like Justin Bieber…And who in the hell wants to look like his ghetto rich ass anyways…He keeps acting stupid…” – Jules
“someone save his poor kitten from this obsessive weirdo!” – Teri
“omg he is creepy looking now!!!!! he doesn’t even look like Justin Bieber !!!!!!” – Hunter
“wtf! he looks so creepy now. I think he looked more like him before. he definitely looked better.” – Kristin
“and sadly, he doesn’t look like Justin Bieber. He should get his money back” – Celeste
“Someone should show this kid the movie highlander” – Sterling
Pauly D is a father now:
“I’m really happy for Pauly D. Being a parent is the greatest gift one could ever have. However, I hope he was smart enough to get a paternity test because that baby looks bi-racial (1/2 black and 1/2 white). I say this because i am bi-racial and that child looks identical to me as a baby.” – geeswifey
“Aw she is a beautiful baby. The man holding her really looked like he cares a lot for her.” – Rebecca
Anna Wintour says she wants Lena Dunham on the cover of Vogue:
“I would love to see more curvy girls on covers of all magazines. I am really hoping the era of the size 0 model is coming to an end.” - labeshops
That’s all we have time for this week, Celebuzzers. Thanks for contributing! Remember, if you want to be featured in next week’s CommentBuzz, simply leave comments on your favorite articles.
/n