‘I Survived!’ Meghan King Edmonds Confirms ‘RHOC’ Return/n
Meghan King Edmonds finally confirmed that she’s returning to season 12 of The Real Housewives of Orange County — but RadarOnline.com first revealed the news back in May!
“I’m back on #RHOC season 12 with two new additions!” the reality star captioned of a photo of her new title shots.
“Welcome Baby Aspen and @therealgirlygirl and of course my boyfriend @jimedmonds15!” she joked. “I am still in shock that I survived season 12 with an infant and a puppy.”
PHOTOS: Desperate For Fame? Meghan King Edmonds & Jim Edmonds’ Lies EXPOSED!
Edmonds, 32, revealed on the season 11 finale that she wanted to move to St. Louis permanently, saying: “If this is the kind of example my child has to look forward to in the O.C., I don’t know if I want to be around for that.”
She quickly moved back to Missouri after wrapping the reunion, and gave birth to Aspen in her hometown.
But, she quickly returned to become a “friend of the Housewives,” a source told Radar.
PHOTOS: Meghan King Edmonds & Jim Edmonds List Newport Beach Home Amid Marriage Trouble
“Meghan started off as being a friend or a guest on the show for this upcoming season. She was really wanting to focus on her family,” the insider explained. “Producers had already written Meghan and her family out of the show, so she had to really plead and show them she wanted to return badly.”
Ultimately, Bravo changed their mind on her.
“Negotiations fell through with production on with a potential new cast member, so they were able to make room for Meghan,” the insider said. “She was the last person to get an offer to return to the full-time cast.”
PHOTOS: ‘RHOC’ Star Meghan King Edmonds Gives Birth Two Weeks Ahead Of Due Date
“Producers felt that bringing her back full time could be good for her and good for ratings,” the source added.
Gretchen Rossi is also slated to return to RHOC as a “friend” and filmed scenes with returning star Lydia McLaughlin.
Are you shocked Edmonds is back? Sound off in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n