Love Isn’t Dead: Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner Call Off Their Divorce/n





                    Why Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck Haven't Filed for Divorce Yet
                







The reason for the delay. 

 MORE >>










                    Ben Affleck Talks Reconciling with Ex Jennifer Garner
                







There is still hope for Bennifer 2.0.

 MORE >>





Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner are giving their marriage another go.

The couple, who announced their separation in 2015 after more than 10 years together, have reportedly called off their divorce. Though they aren’t officially back together, the parent-of-three are said to have no plans to make their split permanent — for now.
“Jen has called off the divorce,” a source tells People. “She really wants to work things out with Ben. They are giving things another try.”


Jennifer Garner Wears Her Wedding Ring 








































8 Photos »


An insider close to the situation adds, “There is always a chance of reconciliation. They love each other. They also really, really love their kids, and those kids love their parents.”
Affleck and Garner, both 44, are trying to make their marriage work after allegedly hitting a rough patch in their relationship, where the latter was supposedly “telling friends that she plans on filing for divorce.”
“Ben is making a big effort to take care of himself. They are not back together, but there seems to be hope,” a source says. “Jen is hoping they can stay married. Ben doesn’t want a divorce either.”
Entertainment Tonight reports a different story. According to sources close to the couple, “there is no update or change in Ben and Jen’s relationship” since their split two years ago.
“Everything is moving at same pace it has been since their separation was announced,” one source tells ET. “They have always remained civil and they are doing this at the pace they need to do for the best interest of their family. No specific event occurred or changed their relationship. It’s the exact same status.”
The duo’s three children include daughters Violet, 11, and Seraphina, 8, and son Samuel, 5.


Ben Affleck & Jennifer Garner enjoy dinner without the kids








































24 Photos »


/n