CNN's Jeffrey Lord Compares Donald Trump To Martin Luther King — And Panelist Symone Sanders Is NOT Here For It!/n

UPDATE 1:48 P.M. EST: Chelsea Clinton has something to say about all this, too! She tweeted @PerezHilton:

No @PerezHilton, he's a TV character. Dr. King called injustice in healthcare the most inhumane of inequalities. Sounds nothing like Trump. https://t.co/rJrpLosJAq
— Chelsea Clinton (@ChelseaClinton) April 13, 2017


Donald Trump has been referred to as a knock-off Adolf Hitler, a discount Andrew Jackson, and even a whinier King Joffrey.
But one historical figure we NEVER thought the Big Cheeto would be compared to is Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., which is why we did several spit takes after hearing political commentator Jeffrey Lord calling the pussy-grabbing POTUS the "Martin Luther King of healthcare" on CNN Thursday morning.
Related: MLK's Daughter On How To Properly Resist Trump's ‘Regime'
The staunch Trump supporter made the hilarious claim during a discussion of the president's tactics in forcing Democrats to help him repeal the Affordable Care Act.
If you recall, the GOP failed to get enough congressional support for their half-baked Obamacare replacement. So now, Trump is threatening to withhold payments for health insurers as a negotiating tactic.
And according to Lord, Trump's slimey healthcare reform — which, by the way, he still has no plan for — is basically the same as MLK rallying support around the civil rights movement! He argued: 
"Dr. King kept putting people in the streets in harm's way to put the pressure on so that the bill would be introduced. That's what finally worked."
Really? Trump using citizens' health insurance as bargaining chips is the same as Dr. King fighting for basic human rights? Please return back to the crypt you crawled out of, you ancient tool.
Video: Trump Makes Black History Month Celebration All About Himself!
Thankfully, fellow panelist Symone Sanders was just as baffled by the comparison, and gave Lord a verbal beatdown over his moronic statement. She quipped:
"Let's not equate Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. — a humanitarian and Nobel Peace Prize winner — to the vagina-grabbing President Donald Trump."
Ha! We couldn't have said it better ourselves!
Watch Sanders school Lord after he makes the dumbest comparison in all of world history (below)!

Posting without comment. #healthcare pic.twitter.com/dspY5BLfuV
— Symone D. Sanders (@SymoneDSanders) April 13, 2017
If you want to hear more on the topic, ch-ch-check out the entire interview (below)!

[Image via CNN.]
/n