Murder Solved? Robyn Gardner’s Tearful Sister SLAMS Gary Giordano In TV Courtroom/n
Robyn Gardner’s sister stared down the man she believes murdered her beloved sibling in a TV courtroom and RadarOnline.com has the exclusive details about the emotional confrontation.
In the new show You The Jury, hosted by Fox News’ Judge Jeanine Pirro, the first shocking case getting a court date is about the beautiful Gardner who went missing in Aruba after traveling there on a date with Gary Giordano.
She disappeared in 2011 and Giordano claimed she went missing while they were snorkeling. Her body has never been found and he was arrested but never charged with her murder but was the beneficiary of a $1.5 million insurance policy he took out on her.
On the show, Manhattan based legal eagle Joe Tacopina is representing Gardner’s sister, Danielle Unglesbee, and Casey Anthony’s lawyer, Jose Baez, is representing Giordano. After each side has a chance to cross-examine the litigants and expert witnesses America has the chance to vote for the verdict.
PHOTOS: ‘There Isn’t A Day … I Don’t Think Of Him’: 6 Photos Of ‘RHOBH’ Star Kim Richards’ Murdered Fiancé
Tacopina told Radar about the dramatic proceedings: “Robyn’s sister did a phenomenal job of being composed, well-spoken and very articulate but looking in the eyes of the guy she believes is responsible for her sister’s death.”
He admitted that Unglesbee’s tears were flowing.
“More than one time I had to reach down and give her tissues.”
Tacopina told Radar he believes the show “is going to be great,” adding that the set felt like a real courtroom.
“You forget very quickly you’re filming a TV show. You take on the clients with real issues. In this case real loss, real tragedies. You start wearing the clothes of your clients and feeling their pain.”
PHOTOS: Secret Murders, Frozen Bodies & More! Hollywood’s 15 Most Bizarre Conspiracy Theories EXPOSED
A seasoned attorney, Tacopina told Radar why he does not believe Giordano’s version of the events: “I just used his own story and common sense. I believe when you combine those two you see very quickly he lied. There were some things he said and he was kind enough to go on a media circuit during this tragedy. We used this version to point out all the different stories.”
Expressing his doubt about the veracity of the circumstances of Gardner’s disappearance, he told Radar, “Most people don’t vanish in four feet of water.”
Tacopina described the setting and said his extensive experience in a courtroom kicked in.
“Except for fact that cameras were rolling and people were clapping, it was a real courtroom. All three cases I tried became very personal. My clients looked at me as their champion. It was an awesome responsibility. You fight tooth and nail if someone was spending the rest of their life in jail.”
As a former prosecutor, Tacopina told Radar that there were surprises in the show.
PHOTOS: O.J.’s Daughter Living Like A Recluse, Drinking Away Her Pain After Mom’s Murder
“There are a few things that came out for the first time. Gary has never been cross examined. There are a few moments I think would warrant someone looking at the circumstances again. There were a few ‘a-ha’ moments.”
Tacopina said he believed his client but knew that Baez would disagree.
“Honestly. I saw a lot of crocodile tears that day. If you spoke to Jose he would have a completely different opinion about who was innocent and in the middle of this tragedy.”
You The Jury premiers April 7 at 9 p.m. EST on FOX.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n