She's Got A Type! Here's Why Tiger's New Girlfriend Is Dating Him, Says NFL Ex/n
Tiger Woods has been secretly dating personal stylist Kristin Smith — and her baby daddy wants nothing to do with him! Former NFL player Gerald Sensabaugh exclusively told RadarOnline.com that he doesn’t plan on getting to know the shamed golfer.
“I don’t want to be part of that,” the former NFL player told Radar when asked if he plans to meet Woods, 40. “I don’t think he’s a bad guy, but I don’t know him.”
Sensabaugh, who shares son Isaiah with Smith, 33, revealed their relationship is rocky.
“We have limited communication,” he said. “As long as she’s off my back, I’m all for it. If she’s happy, she’s happy. They can do whatever they want to do.”
PHOTOS: It’s Over! Lindsey Vonn & Tiger Woods Announce Mutual Split On Facebook: ‘We Both Lead Hectic Lives’
Sensabaugh said how Smith’s new relationship could be beneficial to her personal styling group, The CLAD Life.
“It seems like a good opportunity for her,” he said. “I think that’s working.”
As Radar readers know, dating Woods has paid off. Smith was recently stopped at the airport with $200,000 in cash on April 25 that she claimed was given to her by Woods.
“Upon arrival I made contact with Kristin, who when asked about the money… stated is this going to be available to the public,” the attending officer said in an incident report obtained by Radar. “I then asked where did the money come from and did she have a receipt or proof of where the money came from. Kristen stated her boyfriend gave it to her.”
PHOTOS: Sexy Stars Who Play with Pro Athletes–in Their Bikinis
His name did not appear in the police report.
Radar broke the relationship news earlier this month when Smith’s cousin confirmed the secret romance.
“It’s awesome,” she said. “But I’m not allowed to talk about it.”
Although Smith wouldn’t confirm the relationship herself, she didn’t deny dating the pro golfer when asked by Radar. 
Why do you think they’re keeping their romance a secret? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n