Back On? Rob Kardashian Gushes Over Ex-Fiancée Blac Chyna In Throwback Snap/n
Are they back together again?!
Rob Kardashian wasn’t shy about gushing over ex-fiancée Blac Chyna this week, posting a throwback photo of his baby mama to Instagram on Tuesday with a heartfelt message attached.
“On my first episode of Rob’s Random Cornball Thoughts is This young lady who grew up to be the woman I love and the mother of my child,” the 30-year-old wrote alongside a photo of Chyna sitting on a bed as a kid.
PHOTOS: Worried Rob Kardashian Leaves Hospital With Blac Chyna & Newborn Dream
“She is beautiful and gave me my first child. @blacchyna,” he added.





 On my first episode of Rob's Random Cornball Thoughts is This young lady who grew up to be the woman I love and the mother of my child. She is beautiful and gave me my first child. @blacchyna
A post shared by ROBERT KARDASHIAN (@robkardashian) on May 30, 2017 at 3:11pm PDT



In another throwback snap, Rob declared: “Awww look at my little Angela at 14!!!!!! Hahaha I LOVE YOU !!!! @blacchyna.”





 Awww look at my little Angela at 14!!!!!! Hahaha I LOVE YOU !!!! @blacchyna
A post shared by ROBERT KARDASHIAN (@robkardashian) on May 30, 2017 at 3:26pm PDT



As Radar previously reported, after months of breakups and make-ups, 29-year-old Chyna was ready to “work it out” with her overweight baby-daddy — but only in the hopes of scoring a second season of their reality show, Rob & Chyna!
PHOTOS: Shameful Sisters! Khloe & Kourtney Kardashian Ignore Kanye West’s Hospitalization
After more than a month of battling for custody of daughter, Dream Kardashian, the former stripper had a change of heart, an insider said.
“Blac Chyna got really scared recently after they broke up again because she was afraid that her money was running out,” a Kardashian family insider told Radar back in April.
Indeed, Blac Chyna recently let her fans know that this is definitely not the end of her life with Rob, in a shocking interview with Cosmopolitan South Africa.
PHOTOS: Rob Kardashian Rakes In Extra Cash By Using Daughter Dream In New Video
“I feel like every person who’s in a long-term relationship, or who is committed to their person, goes through ups and downs,” Chyna said to the outlet. “Everything isn’t always going to be peaches and cream. If it is, then it’s fake. I’m in it for the long haul, so I feel like my advice [for anyone in a similar situation] is therapy, know each other’s family, calling each other’s moms.”
Do you think Rob and Chyna are back on again? Let us know in the comments below!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n