The People V. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story Ended With A LOT Of Emotions — Get The Drama Filled Recap HERE!/n

One of the most captivating shows of the year has already come and gone as The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story aired its big finale Tuesday night — and it certainly was dramatic!
Sure, we already knew what was going to happen, but that doesn't mean there wasn't any tension as the verdict was finally revealed in the trial of the century! *SPOILERS AHEAD*
Video: John Travolta Chats With Ellen DeGeneres Playing Robert Shapiro!
The episode started with Johnnie Cochran (Courtney B. Vance) teasing everyone — including O.J. Simpson — and making us believe that the athlete was going to testify. When it came time though, old Johnnie switched things up and said that the O.J. was only going to "make a brief statement."
Of course, Marcia Clark (Sarah Paulson) was very flustered by this announcement and objected, but Judge Lance Ito (Kenneth Choi) allowed the statement.
Once on the stand, Simpson proceeded to give a an emotional speech about how he trusts in and believes the jury's integrity and hopes they know that he "did not and could not and would not commit this crime." After Simpson's testimony, Cochran announced that the defense would rest as it had no further witnesses.
Since there was no one else to call to the stand, this meant it was time for some pretty epic closing arguments! Marcia did her best to appeal to the jury's emotions by reminding them that Detective Mark Fuhrman (Steven Pasquale) was a deplorable racist but his behavior and morals should not impact the fact that there was a ton of evidence against Simpson.
On top of that, Clark pointed out that the defense has tried to argue that the police were incompetent and mishandled evidence and may have contaminated the scene while still suggesting that they were clever enough to set up the former NFLer! Fair point.

After Clark's statement, her P.I.C. Chris Darden (Sterling K. Brown) stood up and talked to the jury about the domestic violence calls that Nicole Brown made to police while married to or dating O.J. As Darden explained the details of one of those calls, in which Nicole told police that she believed the celebrity was going to kill her, O.J. began to cry.
Related: Sarah Paulson May Have A Smoking Problem Thanks To The People V. O.J. Simpson!
Following the prosecution's statements, it was Cochran's turn and boy did he deliver! Not only did he tap into his emotions by powerfully talking about how the jury was able to change the face of black people's lives who are unfairly profiled by police in America, but he of course references the gloves that were too small saying the famous line:

"If it doesn't fit, you must acquit."
Despite the lawyers thinking they'd get a bit of a break while the jury began deliberating, they were quickly called back to court as it only took half a day for the jury to make a decision.
As key players gathered to hear the verdict, police were shown preparing for the possibility of riots as Robert Shapiro (John Travolta) wanted nothing to do with the crazy scene and drove off. Inside the courtroom, Judge Ito reminded everyone to remain calm as people across the nation were shown waiting for the verdict to be read.
Surprise! O.J. was found not guilty.

When the decision was read, there were a ton of mixed reactions shown as some people watching on TV were shown cheering while the families of Nicole and Ron Goldman broke down in tears.
Of course there were several other emotional reactions to the verdict including Robert Kardashian (David Schwimmer) going to the bathroom to throw up, and Marcia crying and admitting that she's "ashamed" of herself.
Once people started to settle down from the initial reaction, Clark addressed the press and told domestic violence victims to not lose faith in the justice system as a result of this case and they should always come forward. Darden on the other hand wasn't able to finish his speech as he broke down and embraced the Goldmans.
Related: The Jury TOTALLY Thought Prosecutors Clark & Darden Were Hooking Up!
However, when Johnnie approached Chris after the case, their tension came to a head as the defense lawyer offered to help get Darden back in the black community. This caused Clark's partner to lose it as he said that what Johnnie did wasn't a civil rights milestone but rather:

"Police in this country will keep arresting us, keep beating us, keep killing us. You haven't changed anything for black people here, unless, of course, you're a famous rich one in Brentwood."
After their confrontation, Cochran went with his team and watched news clips of reporters talking about a possible investigation into the LAPD's use of force as well as President Bill Clinton talking about the racial divide in America.
Clark and Darden ended up having a very revealing conversation as Chris told his boss that he was going to resign because he couldn't handle the politics. Of course Marcia did her best to urge the attorney to stay as she felt people like him had "something to avenge." It was at this point that she talked about her own rape case and how it impacted her career and fueled her to seek vengeance for victims. Sadly, she also dished that just like O.J., Clark's attacker was set free.

The final scenes of the show addressed O.J. and his fall from grace as he was shown exiting prison and meeting up with Robert, whose tears he mistook for happiness as opposed to confused emotions.
Related: Paul Walker's Daughter Responds To Porsche's Legal Victory In The Roger Rodas Case!
The newly freed man then started talking about planning the party of the century to help celebrate his big victory. Though there were several people happy about the outcome, the members of Simpson's old community were not as welcoming about the O.J. outcome as some of the rest of Los Angeles.
The former football player ended up throwing the party he was planning, but it didn't exactly work out as he had planned as none of his old friends show up and O.J. was instead surrounded by strangers. Kardashian did show up, but he stood back and was a bit of a wallflower before he had enough and decided to turn and walk out.
The closing moment of the season showed Simpson walking up to the statue of himself in the back yard and remembering crowds cheering him on, and then the cheers stopped and he was left all alone.
What did you think about the dramatic finale?!
[Image via FX.]
/n