Dismissed! Megyn Kelly Makeup Artists' Sexist Suit Against Fox News THROWN OUT/n
Megyn Kelly‘s former makeup artists’ legal battle with Fox News has been dismissed, RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal.
Hilda Correa-Lapolla and Maureen Walsh previously sued the network for discrimination and harassment in a New York court last year.
Correa-Lapolla began working at Fox News back in 1996 until she was fired in 2014. She was repeatedly requested by the on-air talent to work as their makeup artist and received numerous positive performance reviews.
PHOTOS: Truth Exposed! 15 Most Shocking Revelations From Parts 1 & 2 of Duggar Interviews With Megyn Kelly — Josh Duggar A “Sly” Predator
Meanwhile, Walsh worked for the network for over 10 years and served as Megyn Kelly’s personal makeup artist — even traveling on assignments with the anchor.
According to the court documents filed against Fox News, the women described the office as a “boys club” that protected male employees at all costs. They accused the late former President Roger Ailes of creating and condoning the environment.
READ THE COURT DOCUMENTS
The suit also claimed men were allowed to use “locker room talk” with pervasive sexism and vulgarity, while women at the company were allegedly objectified by their bosses.
When the makeup artists complained to numerous supervisors that male employees allegedly called them “b*****s” and “overpaid drama queens,” they were ignored and eventually terminated, court documents argue.
The women sued Fox News for unspecified damages over the emotional distress, humiliation, and anxiety they suffered at the company.
PHOTOS: Top 10 Moments From Megyn Kelly’s Explosive Donald Trump Interview
Fox News soon fired back at their former employees, however, denying all allegations. Instead, the network claimed both women were fired for misconduct, arguing that the pair received multiple complaints from former co-workers who stated that they were bullies in their department.
On July 18, court documents were filed by Correa-Lapolla and Walsh, as well as the Fox News, explaining that all parties had agreed to discontinue the lawsuit.
While the documents do not reveal whether a confidential settlement was reached between the plaintiffs and Fox News, the case was closed the same day.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n