Ugly Betty Cast Reunites at Benefit Concert: “Familia Forever”
/n
Another Ugly Betty reunion took place in Los Angeles—and for the sweetest reason!
In support of their former costar Vanessa Williams, actresses America Ferrera and Ana Ortiz formed part of the audience at Sondheim on Sondheim, a benefit concert that took place last Sunday at The Hollywood Bowl in Los Angeles. At the show, Broadway stars came together to perform the hits of composer and lyricist Stephen Sondheim including Williams, Jonathan Groff (Glee), and Jesse Tyler Ferguson (Modern Family).
After the performance, Ferrera and Ortiz made sure to snap a picture of their Ugly Betty reunion. Ferrera then shared the photo on her Instagram with a beautiful message, while also giving a shoutout to Tyler Ferguson’s performance.





 Pretty sure our seat neighbors at The Hollywood Bowl last night were so over me and @therealanaortiz screaming "Go Vanessa" really loudly. But that's how our #uglybettyfamily rolls. @vanessawilliamsofficial killed it at Sondheim on Sondheim. And @jessetyler Knocked it out! Seeing my #UglyBettyFamily always makes me so happy! #familiaforever #redeyes
A post shared by America Ferrera (@americaferrera) on Jul 24, 2017 at 11:15am PDT


“Pretty sure our seat neighbors at The Hollywood Bowl last night were so over me and @therealanaortiz screaming “Go Vanessa” really loudly. But that’s how our #uglybettyfamily rolls. @vanessawilliamsofficial killed it at Sondheim on Sondheim. And @jessetyler Knocked it out! Seeing my #UglyBettyFamily always makes me so happy! #familiaforever #redeyes,” the Superstore star wrote in her caption.
FROM PEN: TV Revivals We Want to See

Talks of an Ugly Betty revival were addressed in February when the cast got together for an Entertainment Weekly-sponsored reunion panel at the ATX Television Festival. Ferrera joked that Hulu picked up a two-hour special of the show then revealed that it wasn’t true but suggested fans tweet using #HuluBringBackUglyBetty. “We need a hashtag and [you guys] tweet it out, and then we’re going to get Hulu to buy a two-hour special,” she said.
Creator of the comedy-drama series, Silvio Horta, added, “There are a lot more stories. I will say that being here with everybody, listening to these ideas, it’s kind of refreshing. Here’s the only thing I know for sure: If we were to do something, it would be a dream, but everybody on this stage would have to be involved.”
/n