Long Island Medium: Boston Marathon Bombing Survivor Was Destined To Die/n
As the fourth anniversary of the Boston Marathon bombing approaches, Long Island Medium Theresa Caputo is making shocking claims about one of the tragedy’s survivors.
Boston business student Victoria McGrath, who suffered severe injuries to her left leg in the disaster but made a full recovery, died three years later in a Dubai car crash. Though the public was shocked by the 23-year-old’s heartbreaking demise just after a near-death experience, the TV medium calls the sudden passing no coincidence.
PHOTOS: Porn, Fake Deaths & More! Hollywood’s Most Disturbing Urban Legends EXPOSED
“Spirit showed me that it wasn’t Victoria’s time to pass when she used her free will to run a marathon and was hurt in the bombing, but once she hit her destiny window, her free-will choice to ride in that car defined the very tragic means by which she died,” Caputo, 50, writes in her new book, Good Grief: Heal Your Soul, Honor Your Loved Ones, and Learn to Live Again.
“’Near miss’ anecdotes do a good job reinforcing that you have a predetermined time on earth, because they demonstrate that threatening incidents outside your destiny window don’t cause death; they just become part of your story that hopefully serves to help, teach or encourage others in some way.”
PHOTOS: Marilyn Monroe’s Most Chilling Quotes Before Her Troubling Death
As Radar previously revealed, Caputo not only believes in destiny, but also reincarnation.
In her new read, the mother of two claims souls of people who died young often return to life in newborn babies.
The Massachusetts capital will mourn the four-year anniversary of Tamerlan Tsarnaev and brother Dzhokhar’s fatal attack on April 15. The evil siblings killed three people and injured hundreds of others with two bombs placed along the marathon route.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n