Bridal Fashion Week Fall-Winter 2016: Best Wedding Gowns From Marchesa, Lela Rose & More! We've asked Keija Minor, editor in chief at Brides (you've met her before!), to be our guest writer for Bridal Fashion Week, which kicked.../n
We've asked Keija Minor, editor in chief at Brides (you've met her before!), to be our guest writer for Bridal Fashion Week, which kicked off yesterday in New York City. Keep reading as Keija breaks down the biggest trends and most stunning looks of the fall 2016 collections. It's officially Bridal Fashion Week in New York City! For retailers, engaged It girls, industry insiders, and editors like moi, that means spending the next five days crisscrossing the city to see more than 300 wedding collections by heavy hitters like Monique Lhuillier, Carolina Herrera, and Marchesa. Our goal? To hunt down the most gorgeous gowns of the season—and stay caffeinated. As I always say, BFW is a marathon, not a sprint, and this year's race kicked off with lots of skin and sparkle. Here are the highlights from the first full day of shows.

Angel SanchezThe king of clean lines put his own spin on the illusion look, one of the hottest trends of the last three seasons. Mixing peekaboo fabric with 3-D flowers and his trademark sculptural silhouettes, Angel's collection was at once romantic and avant-garde. I could see a bride wearing any of these gowns to a wedding at an art gallery, botanical garden, or art museum.

Inbal DrorFor those who think all wedding dresses look alike, I have one name for you: Inbal Dror. Ever since the Israeli designer debuted at Bridal Fashion Week, she's been generating much buzz from a crowd that's seen more than its share of sequins and tulle. Her show always wows me. While illusion was an element for Angel, it was the backbone of Inbal's fall collection. Juxtaposing hints of skin with beaded tulle, ribbon-tied sleeves, Chantilly lace, and in one case a flame-like metallic organza, Inbal secured her title as the queen of sexy.

Lela RoseModern and graphic embroidery on ethereal organza infused Lela Rose's ladylike dresses with youthful elegance. Every gown says, "I'm not trying too hard—I'm just this naturally gorge." In short, "I woke up like this." Yeah, right, but this super-femme collection, one of the designer's best, was as effortlessly chic as it gets.

MarchesaRefined opulence ruled at Marchesa. Few can make sparkly embroidery look as classic and timeless as Georgina Chapman and Keren Craig can. Glamorous but never glitzy, their collection was the beautiful jolt the bridal crowd needed after a long day of shows.Who knows what tomorrow will bring. Lamé, sequins, feathers? I certainly hope so. With Naeem Khan, Amsale, and Reem Acra on Friday's roster, all are a distinct possibility. Check in tomorrow. I promise to give a full report.
/n