So 'In Love!' Inside Lydia McLaughlin's Secret SECOND Vow Renewal/n
Lydia McLaughlin is happily married, but RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal that she’s going to have another wedding!
“I’ve been married for 11 years and I’ve already had two vow renewals because I feel like I’m only gonna be married to one man my whole life, but that doesn’t mean I can only have one wedding my whole life!” Lydia told Radar.
“I did a vow renewal for my seven-year itch and we went to Vegas,” the OC Lydia blogger said of her second wedding with husband Doug McLaughlin, who she runs Nobleman Magazine with.
PHOTOS: Getting Serious! Vicki Gunvalson’s Boyfriend Takes Front & Center In Family Christmas Card
“And then I did another for 10 because that makes sense, it’s a good number,” she said of her third wedding. “So yeah, I’m gonna do another one! Maybe a dozen — baker’s dozen — I don’t know! We’ll figure it out!”
Doug, 37, and Lydia, 37, celebrated their 10th anniversary in April with a beachside ceremony. The RHOC star described the special day to Radar, saying: “Who doesn’t love to celebrate love? I love to celebrate love and I have a good love with my man.”
The RHOC star also told Radar that she enjoys working with her husband, saying: “My husband and I are really, really in love and I like being with him all the time.”
PHOTOS: Un-Real! Vicki Gunvalson Fights Back Against ‘RHOC’ Cast’s ‘Ridiculous Lies’ — The Truth About Brooks Ayers’ Cancer & More
“I’m super obnoxious and I’ll call him 100 times if I’m not with him, so I feel like it’s better that we work together because I’m like psycho and I have that thing on the phone where you can tell where they are,” she laughed. “So even if we’re not working together I’ll be like, ‘yup, he’s at the office.’ So I think it works better for us and for me being crazy like knowing where he is and I can hold hands while I write emails.”
Radar previously reported that McLaughlin’s RHOC costar Shannon Beador renewed her vows with David Beador on the show’s 11th season after he cheated on her during season 10. Their marriage remains rocky.
Vicki Gunvalson also renewed her vows with Donn Gunvalson for the show — but their marriage didn’t last. The couple divorced in 2014, and she began dating Brooks Ayers shortly after before settling down with Steve Lodge.
Stay with Radar for more.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n