Glee's Heather Morris and Taylor Hubbell Are Married—See the Pics! It was a Gleeful wedding, indeed! Actress Heather Morris, otherwise known to fans of the Fox series as Brittany S. Pierce, and her high school sweetheart Taylor Hubbell .../n
It was a Gleeful wedding, indeed!Actress Heather Morris, otherwise known to fans of the Fox series as Brittany S. Pierce, and her high school sweetheart Taylor Hubbell tied the knot this weekend in a beautiful and star-studded ceremony.The 28-year-old star looked stunning for the outdoor nuptials, wearing a white gown with a sweetheart neckline and a jeweled belt. She kept her hair down and swept to the side with minimal jewelry. The duo swapped vows at Old Canyon Ranch in Topanga, Calif. on Saturday in front of a large group of family and friends, including a handful of Morris' co-stars.Pregnant Naya Rivera (whose character married Morris' character on the finale of the show) and her hubby Ryan Dorsey were there, along with Kevin McHale, Jenna Ushkowitz, Grant Gustin and Vanessa Lengies.

A number of her TV pals took to Instagram to share sweet snapshots of the wedding while giving the newlyweds their congratulations.The event was coordinated by All Occasions Event Planning, which also Instagrammed a variety of beautiful photos and a video from the couple's big day, while wishing the couple well on their new journey."Congratulations Mr. & Mrs. Hubbell! #thehappyhubbells #aoeventplanning #rustic #topangacanyon #wedding #ceremony," her event planner captioned a picture from the nuptials.

News of Morris' engagement came in August 2014, roughly a year after the pair welcomed son Elijah in September 2013.After getting pregnant, Morris decided not to return to Glee for its fifth season. However, she made a guest appearance appearance in its 100th episode, and ultimately returned for the show's final season."I love being a mom," she gushed to E! News at Glee's 100th episode party. "Boys are the greatest."Congratulations to the happy pair!
/n