The Bachelor Villain Corinne Already Let Nick Viall Grab Her Boobs… And It's Only Week 2 — Get Our Full Recap!/n

Someone's busting out of the competition!
Nick Viall only just began his journey as The Bachelor last week, and yet he's already getting close to a handful of the ladies…
Rather, he's already had a handful of one of the women in particular!
During Monday night's all-new episode of the ABC reality show, three-time loser Nick split his suitors into two group dates and his first one-on-one date of the season — and once again, resident villain Corinne Olympios was the standout!
Related: Corinne's Family Is Proud She's The Bachelor's Villain
It all started off when the 36-year-old software salesman invited Alexis, Brittany, Danielle L., Elizabeth, Hailey, Jasmine, Lacey, Raven, Sarah, Taylor, Vanessa, and Corinne on a wedding photo shoot group outing. But while Brittany was supposed to be the only topless one due to her Adam and Eve-inspired costume…
Corinne wasn't about to let her win that easily!
In fact, the 24-year-old from Miami actually took her bikini top off  — from her beach-themed wedding, obviously — and had Nick hold his hands on her boobs to keep her covered!!
Although… Alexis' shotgun wedding was definitely our favorite.

Keepin' it country. Classic.
But in typical Nick Viall fashion… the nude one won the challenge.
Related: Status Updates On EVERY Bachelor/Bachelorette Couple!
Elsewhere in The Bachelor universe, Danielle M. got a romantic helicopter/yacht double feature solo date — but we have to admit: she's still not making an impression.

She still managed to receive a rose, at least.
Unfortunately, the same cannot be said for everyone… because one woman didn't survive the second group date of the episode!
Photo: Meet The 30 Women Competing On The Bachelor This Season
For some reason, Nick thought it would be a great idea to have Astrid, Christen, Jaimi, Josephine, Kristina, and Liz take part in pretend breakups.
It's just too bad Liz's prepared speech hit a little too close to home — given that they've already had a one night stand — and Nick sent her packing!!

That's right. The only person with a plot from the premiere is already gone…
Still, TWO topless contestants in just as many episodes?! We approve.
How did YOUR fave do last night??
[Image via Rick Rowell/ABC.]
/n