2012 Academy Awards: All The Winners!/n
By Radar Staff
Best Motion Picture — The Artist
Best Performance By An Actress In A Leading Role — Meryl Streep wins for The Iron Lady.
Best Performance By An Actor In A Leading Role — Jean Dujardin wins for The Artist.
Achievement In Directing — Michel Hazanavicius wins for The Artist.
Best Animated Short Film — William Joyce and Brandon Oldenburgwin win for The Fantastic Flying Books of Mr. Morris Lessmore.
Best Documentary Feature — Daniel Junge and Sharmeen Obaid-Chinoywin win for Saving Face.
Best Live Action Short Film — Terry George and Oorlagh George win for The Shore.
Best Original Screenplay — Woody Allen wins for Midnight in Paris.
Best Adapted Screenplay — Alexander Payne, Nat Faxon, and Jim Rash win for The Descendants.
Best Original Song — Bret McKenzie wins for “Man or Muppet” from The Muppets.
Best Original Score — Ludovic Bource wins for The Artist.
Best Actor In A Supporting Role — Christopher Plummer wins for Beginners.
Achievement In Visual Effects — Rob Legato, Joss Williams, Ben Grossman and Alex Hennings win for Hugo
Best Animated Feature Film — Gore Verbinski wins for Rango.
Best Documentary — TJ Martin, Dan Lindsay, and Rich Middlemas win for Undefeated.
Achievement In Sound Mixing — Tom Fleishman and John Midgleywin win for Hugo.
Achievement In Sound Editing — Philip Stockton and Eugene Gearty win for Hugo.
Achievement In Film Editing — Kirk Baxter and Angus Wall win for The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo.
Best Actress In A Supporting Role — Octavia Spencer wins for The Help.
Best Foreign Language Film — Iran wins for A Separation, directed by Asghar Farhad
Achievement In  Makeup — Mark Coulier and J. Roy Helland win for The Iron Lady.
Achievement In Costume Design — Mark Bridges wins for The Artist.
Art Direction — Dante Ferretti (Production Design) and Francesca Lo Schiavo (Set Decoration) win for Hugo.
Achievement In Cinematography — Robert Richardson wins for Hugo.
***
Hollywood’s most glamorous night is here! The 2012 Academy Awards are live from Los Angeles and RadarOnline.com will have the up to the minute winners all night long!
George Clooney and Brad Pitt, Viola Davis and Meryl Streep – the A-list stars are battling for the gold statue in their dashing tuxedos and glamorous gowns dripping with diamonds.
PHOTOS: The Best, Worst & Wackiest Fashions of The Academy Awards
The front runner in the Best Picture category is the black and white silent film The Artist (even though Uggie the dog isn’t invited to the show), and George Clooney is expected to beat out his best friend Brad Pitt and take home the Best Actor Oscar.
Check back with RadarOnline.com for the inside scoop from the 2012 Academy Awards live from Hollywood!
RELATED STORIES:
2012 Academy Awards: Stars Arrive On The Red CarpetCountdown To Oscar! The Best & Worst Beauty Looks Of The Academy Awards
Pre-Oscar A La Mode Madness! The Best & Worst Dressed Stars At The Hottest PartiesOscars Countdown: Top Academy Award Winning Gowns Of All Time /n