 EXCLUSIVE: David Beckham: Magazine Publisher Has Not Provided 'One Shred Of Evidence'.../n
David Beckham is responding for the first time, exclusively to RadarOnline.com, to a federal judge’s decision to toss his massive $25 million lawsuit suit against In Touch over claims he slept with prostitute.
The soccer superstar, 35, has vowed to appeal Judge Manuel L. Real’s ruling and disprove publisher Bauer’s claims, as we first revealed.
PHOTOS:  Hollywood Power Couples
Prostitute Irma Nici, 26, had alleged in the magazine that she had a series of sex romps with the dad-of-three for $10,000 cash in London and New York in 2007.
“Bauer do not dispute for purposes of this motion that their story is false,” a spokesperson for Beckham, who is married to Posh Spice wife Victoria, told RadarOnline.com. 
PHOTOS: David Beckham Shows Off His Fab Abs
“They have not provided one shred of evidence to support the claim this story is true. 
“David Beckham’s clear evidence proved that this is without foundation.”
PHOTOS: David Beckham Takes His Sons To Color Me Mine
In a sensational ruling, Judge Real found the Los Angeles Galaxy star:
* Is a public figure and the details of his private life are in the public interest;
PHOTOS: Hot Celebrity Moms
* Nici has a right to make free speech; and
* Plaintiff (Beckham) has not demonstrated properly that the publisher demonstrated clear and convincing evidence it acted with malice.
PHOTOS: Celebs Who’ve Changed Their Names
In court, Beckham’s lawyer Richard Kendall argued that In Touch failed to do basic fact checking that would have shown the star was not where the magazine claimed he was for the alleged illicit rendezvous.
Beckham, via a statement, added:  “Unfortunately, the US legal system requires us to show that the magazine acted maliciously. Any knowledgeable person knows this story not to be true, and we will continue to fight this in court and the decision will be appealed.”
RELATED STORIES:
Man In Divorce Case Claims His Wife Had Affair With David BeckhamDavid Beckham Insists He’s Never Even Met Hooker Who Claims They Had SexVictoria Beckham Calls Husband David ‘Perfect’
PHOTOS: Stars Who Tatoo Their Lover’s Name /n