sunshine means the crucial and necessary purchase of these fabulous sunglasses. I love the contrast of the wooden texture frames and the shimmering opal lenses, and there's a slightly violet filter, so the sky and the sea look a bolder .../n
After spending quite a bit of time ogling over celebrities' Instagram feeds, we decided it was time to spruce up our own accounts.Because it's easy to take a pretty snapshot when the perfect pair of plaid kitten heels are right there to inspire you, and with a set of refined wood-framed sunglasses, one can't help but strike a selfie. And after scoring a deal on a summer-chic pair of overalls, there was a necessary photo op that followed. Plus, we've got a sleek red crossbody that was just begging to be featured in an afternoon Instagram pic.Go on—check out all of our obsessions this week's obsessions!

Topshop MOTO Cream Slim Leg Overalls, $45 "Overalls were my summer mainstay when I was a kid, so lucky for me that the trend resurfaced, oh, just about 20 years later as the must-get onesie of the season. I already own a cropped pair of these babies, but wanted a full-length style to achieve the ultimate end-of-summer look. These are so cute, though, that they just might see me into fall."—Nicole Adlman, Style Writer

Woody's Barcelona Sunglasses, $165"I have no idea how it got to be August already, but it is and hooray, because August means vacation/holiday/OOTO and all that wonderful sunshine. And of course sunshine means the crucial and necessary purchase of these fabulous sunglasses. I love the contrast of the wooden texture frames and the shimmering opal lenses, and there's a slightly violet filter, so the sky and the sea look a bolder blue, like everything is in a permanent Instagram filter—amazing."—Jacqueline Lee, Photo Editor

Big Buddah Hankie Crossbody Bag, $46"Lately I've been inspired by quilted crossbodies, but I'm not exactly in the position to afford a luxury version (yet). But there's no need to dish out a small fortune on a bag when this Big Buddah gem is on the market, because it's got everything I want in a handbag—it's petite, punchy and I love the color. At only $46, you'd best believe it's a steal." —Lindsey Sirera, Style Assistant Editor 

Sole Society Jenn d'Orsay Pumps, $70"Plaid is going to be huge for fall (newsflash, I know) and while I'm excited about that fact I don't want to OD on the print. So instead of stocking up on a new wardrobe of button downs, I added these kitten pumps to my closet. They are low and comfy—only two-and-a-half inches—and slightly fancier than your average ballet flats."—Cinya Burton, Style Senior Editor
/n