Kennedys' Summer Play Land Was A Drug-Ridden Hell's Cape!/n
The Kennedys unknowingly lived alongside two wannabe mafios who used their Hyannisport compound as their own drug den to peddle heroin and fentanyl to the well-heeled!
Troy Monteiro and Trevor Gonsalves-Rose were charged with trafficking in fentanyl and cocaine in January after Barnstable, Mass. police conducted an investigation into the men’s suspicious behavior.
“The investigation established that Monteiro and Gonsalves-Rose were traveling from New Bedford, MA to Hyannis, MA for the purpose of selling heroin/fentanyl,” the statement of facts obtained by RadarOnline.com read.
PHOTOS: Remembering the Kennedys
“On numerous occasions, Detectives observed Monteiro walk onto the beach and appear to hide/bury objects in the sand near landmarks such as retaining walls, benches, docks, and signposts,” the document continued. “Monteiro would depart the are and return later to retrieve the objects. Often times this would occur in between meeting with customers in the parking lot of the beach and other nearby locations.”
“Detectives suspected that Monteiro and Gonsalves-Rose were using the relatively uninhabited beach area as a location to store redistribution amounts of drugs which were readily accessible to deal to their customer base,” it added.
READ THE SHOCKING DOCUMENTS
Detectives followed the men over the course of four days and seized over 130 grams of fentanyl and 2 grams of cocaine.
They also reported that Monteiro used the Hyannisport Yacht Club to store his drugs one day.
The police were able to execute a search warrant at the end of January and found “5 individual baggies containing approximately 4 grams of suspected fentanyl/heroin, 20,000 dollars in U.S. currency, a digital scale, and the identification of Monteiro and [Ariel ] Price-Perry.” Price-Perry’s relation to Monteiro is still unknown.
PHOTOS: Katie Holmes Gets Flirty On Set Of ‘The Kennedys’
They went to arrest Monteiro the next day, and he attempted to “flee on foot.” Price-Perry was driving the car he was caught in, and threw a cell phone out of the car when she was approached.
Rose was arrested “following a motor vehicle stop in Hyannisport.”
PHOTOS: Caroline Kennedy Gets Cheeky In A Swimsuit In St. Barts
Radar previously reported that the 29-year-olds are now facing jail time, and were due in court this month.
The Kennedys began vacationing in Massachusetts in 1926, and now own three homes spanning six acres along the Nantucket Sound. Eunice Kennedy Shriver and her brother, President John F. Kennedy spent their childhood summers at the compound, and Taylor Swift bought the property across Bobby and Ethel Kennedy‘s compound home after dating Connor Kennedy.
Stay with Radar for more.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n