Hollywood's Most Twisted! Lisa Marie Presley & Michael Lockwood's Sick Marriage/n
As ex Michael Lockwood‘s child porn scandal explodes, RadarOnline.com has ripped the lid off Lisa Marie‘s bizarre secret life and the ugly battle for her father’s $700 million fortune.
Lisa Marie’s divorce lawyer has publicly accused her ex-husband, Lockwood, of looting her cash and being a bad dad, but insiders have told Radar life with the 49-year-old heiress is no piece of cake.
“Major blowups” between the two started in 2010, including an ugly clash after the couple moved to England, sources said. They were also said to be bitterly squabbling in 2012 when Lisa Marie’s 11-city concert series tanked and her album Storm & Grace flopped.
Michael was also wildly jealous of Lisa Marie’s first husband, Danny Keough, father of her children Riley and Benjamin, insiders claimed.
PHOTOS: Wardrobe Malfunction: Commando Rita Ora Flashes EVERYTHING In Super Short Skirt
But the final straw came just after Michael’s birthday last May, according to an insider who said: “He dee-jayed a party on May 26, and after that they had the fight to end all fights! Lisa Marie told him, ‘We’re through!'”
Since filing for divorce, Lisa Marie has moved out of their lavish home in Franklin, Tenn., and fled to California.
“Lisa Marie is a nightmare to live with,” said an inside source. “She demands getting her own way in every situation and is unwilling to compromise. Her temper tantrums are legendary.”
Insiders insisted Michael gave her a taste of her own medicine: He was said to be hiding out in an apartment to avoid divorce papers. Now Lisa Marie suspects Michael ripped her off for millions, a source added.
PHOTOS: 2017 People’s Choice Awards: Best, Worst & Wackiest Dressed Stars
“She discovered Michael was buying expensive gifts for himself, like guitars and electronics, behind her back and charging her accounts,” alleged the source. “He was hoarding stuff, stashing everything in storage lockers so Lisa Marie wouldn’t see it! She discovered that he ran up a $109,000 Amex bill when she got sued.”
“Now she’s wondering how much more he’s stolen from her. Lisa Marie believes it could be millions!”
Amazingly, Michael also coveted his wife’s wardrobe, another spy claimed.
“Michael liked to dress up just like Lisa Marie — in her clothes!” dished the source. “He loved to wear frilly things, and often insisted they dress alike. And if Lisa Marie wore something he liked, he’d take that too.
“She began to think he was a closet cross-dresser!”
PHOTOS: Graphic Crime Scene Photos Of Orlando Shooting Released
During their marriage, Lisa Marie’s weight yo-yoed — and Michael taunted her with cruel, fat-shaming insults, insiders added.
When she was pregnant with their twins, Lisa Marie reportedly ballooned to nearly 200 pounds, and later struggled to lose the flab. She eventually slimmed down to 115 pounds, but the source said: “Michael could still be cruel whenever she showed the slightest gain.”
Lisa Marie once headed down the same drug-fueled path that led to her father’s death at age 42 in 1977. She abused cocaine and marijuana at 14 and eventually got clean, alleged a source.
But two years ago, she canceled all remaining dates on her tour after doctors warned her performing onstage would aggravate her back troubles.
PHOTOS: Marriage In Crisis! Kim Kardashian & Kanye West Caught On Miserable Lunch Date
Added a source: “We’re all praying this divorce doesn’t lead her into a new drug nightmare!”
There are also concerns X-rated home videos will surface — and wreck her life!
A source told Radar: “Lisa Marie has always lived in abject fear that secret sex videos — especially those of former husband Michael Jackson and young boys — will be revealed.”
Lisa Marie’s uncle, Rick Stanley, made the shocking claim that she told him she’s found videotapes and magazines that convinced her Michael was sexually fixated on young boys.
A source close to Lisa Marie added: “What if Michael had taped her as well, and that fell into the hands of someone intent on blackmail?! It makes her sick to even contemplate such a thing.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n