Cosby Kid Claims: My Ex's Die Piece Researched Ways To Make Me Miscarry!/n
Keshia Knight Pulliam and Ed Hartwell’s ongoing child-custody battle took an ugly turn this week as the former COSBY SHOW kid alleged that a girlfriend of her estranged husband had explored ways to induce her to miscarry.
Knight Pullman’s court filing reportedly claims that the woman who was dating the former NFL linebacker Hartwell while he was married to Knight Pulliam, “wanted to get something that would cause someone to have a miscarriage.”
The documents reportedly credit the revelation to a friend of Hartwell and the girlfriend.
PHOTOS: ‘Cosby’ Actress Secretly Told Cops About Unwanted ‘Sexual Contact’ With Bill — Read The Shocking Police Repor
That friend allegedly told Knight Pulliam that Hartwell’s affair began while she was still married to Hartwell, and the mistress was enraged by the news that her boyfriend’s wife was pregnant.
Hartwell and Knight Pulliam were married on New Year’s Day, 2016, and Hartwell filed for divorce on July 25, 2016, six months before the birth of their child, Ella Grace. A paternity test confirmed that Hartwell was Ella Grace’s father.
PHOTOS: Janice Dickinson Stays Silent Over Bill Cosby Lawsuit
In detailing her belief that Hartwell is unfit for parenting, former CELEBRITY APPRENTICE contestant Knight Pulliam noted his use of the powerful painkiller OxyContin, and cited his testimony in a lawsuit against the NFL, in which he claimed to suffer severe physical and mental problems that require medication.
To make his case to the court, Hartwell enlisted Lisa Wu, his wife from 2005-2011 and the reason he appeared on the first two seasons of THE REAL HOUSEWIVES OF ATLANTA.
PHOTOS: ‘We Want To Seek Justice!’ Philly DA Vows To Reveal ‘Truth’ About Cosby Sex Assault
“I am never worried about [our] child when he is with his dad,” she reportedly says in court documents, referencing the couple’s son, 10-year-old Ed, Jr. “I am positive that [Hartwell] will put his daughter’s best interest first.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n