Bill Cosby’s Lawyer QUITS, Refuses To Deal With Comedian’s ‘Team Chaos’/n
Awaiting his sexual assault retrial, Bill Cosby is desperately searching for a new attorney after hotshot Philadelphia lawyer Brian McMonagle suddenly resigned this week, RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal.
Sources claimed the disgraced comedian was livid after McMonagle announced his resignation.
“Brian cares, but he’s not going to continue to put his stellar reputation on the line if there’s no cooperation from his client and his client’s publicist,” a source said.
The Cosby Show star even demanded everyone in his inner circle “shut up” and not speak to the press any longer.
According to a source, crazed Cosby has already contacted Michael Jackson’s former attorney Tom Meserau, as well as O.J. Simpson’s ex attorney Robert Shapiro and Lindsay Lohan‘s former lawyer Shawn Chapman-Holley.
PHOTOS: ‘Cosby’ Actress Secretly Told Cops About Unwanted ‘Sexual Contact’ With Bill — Read The Shocking Police Report
Despite the fact that he paid McMonagle a whopping $1,200-$1,500 an hour, none of the renowned celebrity lawyers have accepted his offer.
McMonagle was named Philadelphia’s Best Criminal Lawyer in 2015.
After guiding Cosby to an unexpected mistrial following his Andrea Constand case, a source admitted he was fed up with the “Team Chaos” around the comedian’s ongoing sexual assault scandal.
PHOTOS: Janice Dickinson Stays Silent Over Bill Cosby Lawsuit
“He had to chastise Cosby’s publicist, Andrew Wyatt, in front of reporters, because he’d hold press conferences while the jury was deliberating and he’d give mixed messages,” a source claimed.
According to another source, Wyatt had been controlling Cosby’s case entirely, even firing his previous lawyer Monica Pressley after she made various media appearances “without the team’s permission.”
When Judge Steven O’Neill declared a mistrial last month, Cosby’s publicist ripped the judge and accused O’Neill of working in concert with prosecutors to convict Cosby.
McMonagle was livid at the publicist’s rash behavior in court, and demanded Cosby ask him to stay out of the way during his retrial.
Cosby and Wyatt bought mocked the lawyer, and refused to commit to playing by his rules. According to sources, this chaos and disrespect is much of what led McMonagle to quit.
PHOTOS: ‘We Want To Seek Justice!’ Philly DA Vows To Reveal ‘Truth’ About Cosby Sex Assault
“He may wait and give Cosby a chance to find a new attorney before formally announcing it,” the source said. “But, come November, it won’t be Brian giving opening statements again. Brian will be with another client somewhere,” added the source.
He is expected to notify O’Neill of his resignation this week.
As Radar previously reported, Cosby, 79, faces charges for allegedly drugging and assaulting Temple University employee Andrea Constand in his Elkins Park, Pennsylvania, mansion in 2004.
His sexual assault retrial will begin November 6th, 2017.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n