Rihanna’s Family Wants Her to Get Back With Ex Chris Brown!/n“It’s incredible even after all this time and everything he did to her, but many if not most of her family and friends back home are hoping for a fairytale ending between Rihanna and Chris," an insider told OK! exclusively. They also think no guy has added up to the “Privacy” singer, saying "Their family adored him like their own, and every guy she’s brought back has been a poor version of him, in their eyes. It gets on her nerves to no end.” She is fed up with family members who keep insisting they get back together, and it has driven a wedge between themRihanna and Chris have a very tumultuous history, with their most infamous moment happening the night before the 2009 Grammys where he beat her up after a heated argument in his car. They got back together in late 2012 and they have been officially broken up since early 2013.  Rihanna has had a slew of boyfriends since Chris, most recently being involved with Toyota heir Hassan Jameel.  Do you think Rihanna and Chris should get back together?  Sound off in the comments!  “It’s incredible even after all this time and everything he did to her, but many if not most of her family and friends back home are hoping for a fairytale ending between Rihanna and Chris," an insider told OK! exclusively. They also think no guy has added up to the “Privacy” singer, saying "Their family adored him like their own, and every guy she’s brought back has been a poor version of him, in their eyes. It gets on her nerves to no end.” She is fed up with family members who keep insisting they get back together, and it has driven a wedge between themRihanna and Chris have a very tumultuous history, with their most infamous moment happening the night before the 2009 Grammys where he beat her up after a heated argument in his car. They got back together in late 2012 and they have been officially broken up since early 2013.  Rihanna has had a slew of boyfriends since Chris, most recently being involved with Toyota heir Hassan Jameel.  Do you think Rihanna and Chris should get back together?  Sound off in the comments!  /n