Testimony in Harold Henthorn Murder Trial Counters His Version of Events/n
As day five of Harold Henthorn’s first-degree-murder trial ended in a Denver federal courtroom on Thursday, jurors had already heard 23 of 53 prosecution witnesses cast doubt on his truthfulness.  
Henthorn, 59, was charged in 2014 for allegedly pushing his wife, ophthalmologist Dr. Toni Henthorn, 50, to her death off a 128-foot cliff in Rocky Mountain National Park. The date – Sept. 29, 2012 – was one day before the couple’s 12th wedding anniversary, which they came to the park to celebrate. Henthorn claimed his wife fell to her death by accident.  
Henthorn’s first wife died under what many believe were suspicious circumstances: In 1995, Sandra Lynn Henthorn, then 37, was crushed to death by the couple’s Jeep Cherokee. Henthorn said it was an accident, and that a jack that was hoisting the car gave way when Sandra was underneath the vehicle searching for a lug nut.  
The case has made national news: PEOPLE dedicated its December 15, 2014 cover to the case, with an article chronicling Henthorn’s peculiar behavior afterward: He made numerous calls in the moments after his wife plunged, even though a park ranger told him how to perform CPR. Park rangers who searched his Jeep the next day found a park map with an “X” marked at the site of Toni’s fall.   
Agents found Henthorn had three life insurance policies on his wife totaling $4.5 million. A friend of Henthorn’s told investigators that he had chosen her from a dating website only after researching her finances.   
In opening statements on Tuesday, Henthorn’s defense attorney, Craig Truman, said the jury will find that Henthorn “did not kill his wife Toni,” and that the death of Henthorn s first wife was an accident.  
“The government thinks lightning never strikes twice,” Truman said. (Henthorn has not been charged in Sandra Lynn’s death, although local authorities have re-opened an investigation.)  
Investigators had initially ruled Toni Henthorn’s death an accident, but deputy coroner James Wilkerson testified that the investigation changed after he received an anonymous letter and numerous phone calls saying Henthorn’s first wife had died unexpectedly.   
Truman, who has five witnesses set to testify, hasn’t disclosed whether or not his client will take the stand.  
Prosecution Spotlights Alleged Discrepancies in Henthorn’s Claims
Among the alleged discrepancies raised by the prosecution are the following:   
• Dr. Barry Bertolet, Toni’s brother, testified that after his sister’s death, Henthorn gave several different versions of how she had died. At one point, Bertolet said, Henthorn said that Toni was behind him, and when he stepped back, she fell. At another point, Henthorn said that she slipped as they were hiking together, Bertolet said. Finally, Bertolet said, Henthorn said she was taking photos while he was reading a text message from their daughter, and when he turned around, Toni was gone.  
• Bertolet also told jurors that Henthorn purported to be a fundraiser for nonprofit organizations. Federal prosecutor Suneeta Hazra, however, contended his business trips consisted of sitting in a local Panera Bread restaurant, where he surfed the internet for hours.  (Investigators earlier discovered no earnings in Social Security and tax filings except in 1993, 1999, and 2000, despite the fact that Henthorn had access to roughly $1.5 million.)  
• Park Ranger Mark Faherty, the lead investigator, testified that Henthorn could not explain the “X” found on Henthorn’s map at the very spot of Toni’s fall. Family friend Daniel Jarvis, who lived with the Henthorns in the spring of 2012, said Henthorn approached him at Toni’s memorial to tell him about the map and to ask him to say that Henthorn had made it for Jarvis. Hazra, the prosecutor, said Henthorn made nine separate trips to the park in the weeks before taking Toni there.  
• Although Henthorn told emergency medical dispatcher Julie Sullivan that he was performing CPR on his wife, Sullivan told jurors that Henthorn didn’t seem as breathless as he should have if he were actually doing the procedure.  Dr. James Wilkerson, the Larimer County deputy coroner, found Toni did not have marks on her chest and ribs generally caused by CPR, and said her pink lipstick wasn’t smudged, as would be expected from mouth-to-mouth resuscitation.  
Testimony continues next week.  If found guilty, Henthorn faces life without parole in a federal prison and a fine of up to $250,000.  
Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
/n