Justin Timberlake: A Look Back at His 10 Best TV Moments (VIDEOS)/n





                    JT's wedding details
                







Read the details of his wedding to Jessica Biel. 

 MORE >>










                    The Newlyweds Romance
                







Look back at their most romantic moments.

 MORE >>





 We’ve watched Justin Timberlake grow up before our very eyes on television.
From Disney Channel’s Mickey Mouse Club to his performances with ‘NSYNC to the hilarious “History of Rap” with Jimmy Fallon, we’ve seen him do some amazing things in his years on the small screen.
In honor of his wedding to Jessica Biel, we here at Celebuzz decided to take a look back at where he began and where he is now.

First up, The Mickey Mouse Club. Timberlake appeared on the show with fellow future stars Britney Spears, Christina Aguilera, Ryan Gosling and ‘NSYNC bandmate, JC Chasez. Take a look at the video of Timberlake, Gosling and Chasez singing Jodeci’s “Cry For You.”





Timberlake came back on the scene with this Disney Concert Special for ‘NSYNC in 1998. The band featured Timberlake, his MMC co-star Chasez, Chris Kirkpatrick, Lance Bass and Joey Fatone. This special essentially launched the boy band into superstardom. Note the platinum blond hair and the outfits.





His acting debut came a year later with the Disney Channel original movie Model Behavior. Timberlake played model Jason Sharpe on the TV flick and fell for a girl from Greenfield, Alex Burroughs, who he thought was fellow model Janine Adams (both played by Maggie Lawson). This is a MUST watch for JT fans and lucky for you the whole flick is on YouTube.





We are selfishly adding this one in as it’s one of the best performances of this song ever. “This I Promise You” was on ‘NSYNC’s 2000 album release No Strings Attached.





The 2001 Superbowl saw Timberlake and his fellow ‘NSYNC bandmates take the stage at halftime for the most epic halftime show ever along with Spears, Aerosmith, Mary J. Blige and Nelly. The pre video also included cameos from Ben Stiller and Chris Rock.





Timberlake was the victim of probably the funniest Punk’d episode in 2002. When Dax Shepard told him that he owed more than $900,000 thousand dollars in taxes and that his house, belongings and dogs, would be seized by the government, he was visually upset to almost the point of tears. Ashton Kutcher was the mastermind for this prank.





JT made his solo music debut at the 2002 MTV Video Music Awards with a killer performance of “Like I Love You.” Featuring the singer emerging from a giant boombox, he proved that he was a star to be reckoned with.





Timberlake returned to the Super Bowl in 2004 for a scandalous performance with Janet Jackson at Super Bowl XXXVIII in Houston. Their rendition of “Rock My Body” ended with Timberlake exposing one of Jackson’s breasts. It caused in uproar with the FCC and resulted in a huge fine for CBS.





Timberlake has showed his comedic chops every time he has appeared on NBC’s Saturday Night Live. The versatile star has hosted the live show four times with his first stint in 2003. While most would put any one of his digital shorts, “D**k In A Box,” “MotherLover” or his stint at Beyonce in “Single Ladies, at the top of their list, we’ve decided to put this small clip of him “bringing it down to Liquorville.” This skit was originated in 2003 with his original, “bringing it down to Omeletteville.”





Fallon and Timberlake have become pretty good friends throughout the singer/actor’s appearances on SNL. When he appeared on the comedian’s talk show, Late Night with Jimmy Fallon, they started the franchise “History of Rap.” Watch the two men successfully spin more then 50 songs into their awesome collaboration.





Which is your favorite JT TV moment? Sound off in the comments below!
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n