The Original Aunt Vivian Drags ‘Fresh Prince of Bel-Air’ Cast for Reunion/n





                    Janet Hubert Shades Will Smith
                







The 'Fresh Prince' battle ensues.

 MORE >>










                    Janet Hubert Explains Her Decades-Old Beef With 'Fresh Prince' Costar Will Smith
                







~*~DRAMA~*~

 MORE >>





Janet Hubert wasn’t too thrilled when she saw her former Fresh Prince of Bel-Air co-stars reunited without her.

The actress, who portrayed Aunt Vivian for three season before leaving the show in 1993 due to a dispute with Will Smith, blasted her former castmastes after a photo of their reunion surfaced online. Hubert even dragged her onscreen son Alfonso Ribeiro, writing on Facebook, “I know the media hoe Alphonso Ribero [sic] has posted his so called reunion photo. Folks keep telling me about it. He was always the ass wipe for Will.”
“There will never be a true reunion of the Fresh Prince,” she wrote. “I have no interest in seeing any of these people on that kind of level.”



A post shared by Alfonso Ribeiro (@therealalfonsoribeiro) on Mar 27, 2017 at 5:27pm PDT



Despite the harsh words, Hubert insisted she was “not offended” by the snub as the reunion was organized by Karyn Parsons, who played daughter Hilary Banks, to raise money for her charity.
The reunion was also attended by Tatyana Ali, Joseph Marcell, and Daphne Reid, who replaced Hubert on the popular sit-com. James Avery, who played Uncle Phil, passed away from complications during open heart surgery in December 2013.
As previously reported, Hubert has a longstanding feud with Smith after the actor allegedly refused to help his co-stars negotiate salaries when it was time to renew their contracts.
“I think that Janet Hubert brought a really powerful dignity to the show,” Smith said of Hubert’s departure during a BBC Radio 1Xtra interview last year. “I think she is brilliant. As an artist, there’s so many things that she does. She sings, she dances, she’s like a really powerful artist so I love what she brought to the Fresh Prince.”

/n