Tom Cruise Demands Massive Security For Videotaped Deposition In Wiretapping Case/n
By Radar Staff
Tom Cruise is embroiled in a scandalous wiretapping lawsuit, and RadarOnline.com has exclusively obtained the court papers that show the extreme measures he has employed to ensure the security of his videotaped deposition.
Cruise, 50, and his lawyer Bert Fields were sued for $5 million by magazine editor Michael Davis Sapir in 2009 for allegedly using private investigator Anthony Pellicano to illegally wire tap Sapir.
PHOTOS: Hollywood Stars Who Are Scientologists
As RadarOnline.com previously reported, Cruise sat for a three hour videotaped deposition on December 18, 2012, but he insisted that the taped interview be conducted and held under tight security so that the contents of his testimony are never released to the public.
In the exclusive court documents, Cruise lists his demands, writing: “Only one original videotape of the deposition shall be made.”
PHOTOS: Tom Cruise Clubbing With His Kids
He also asserted that “No copies of the videotape, or any video or audio portions thereof, may be made and no one other than the counsel for the Parties and the Custodian, as defined below, may have access to the videotape.”
In the documents Cruise insists that a custodian be the only person who has the original video tape and they “shall safeguard and permit no one to view, audit or copy the videotape,” without instructions from the court.
PHOTOS: Tom Cruise Through The Years
The lawsuit has its roots in a different legal action from more than a decade ago.
Cruise sued Sapir in 2001 after Sapir scandalously offered a $500,000 reward for video evidence that Cruise is gay. Sapir later claimed he received an email with a video. The suit was settled and Sapir admitted that there was no tape showing Cruise in gay activity.
If the case goes to trial, the videotape will still be closely guarded, according to Cruise’s demands in the documents.
PHOTOS: The Biggest, Most Outrageous Celebrity Scandals Of 2012
“Counsel for Plaintiff, Johnson & Johnson, shall take custody of the videotape and shall maintain and make use of same (including adaptations) through the conclusion of trail; provided, however, that Plaintiff Sapir shall not be permitted to view, use or acces the videotape (or any adaptation made there from) at any time prior to trail and, during trial, Sapir’s access to the videotape will be limited to viewing the videotape during open court proceedings.
Cruise has also demanded that at the end of the case his videotaped deposition will be returned “directly” to his lawyer.
 
RELATED STORIES:
Tom Cruise’s Rigid House Rules, Runs Staff With ‘Military Precision’ Says Source
Why So Sad Suri? Cruise Sobs With Katie Holmes
High Profile Ex-Scientologists Slam The Controversial Chuch & Celebrity Members In New Rap Song
Tom Cruise Had Prospective Staffers Undergo Rigorous Testing At Scientology Celebrity Center, Says Source /n