 Amy Poehler Finally Speaks Out About ‘Sad’ Split From Husband Will Arnett In New Tell-All:.../n
For comedienne Amy Poehler, divorce is no laughing matter.
After two years of silence about her shocking split from husband Will Arnett, the Saturday Night Live alum, 43, is speaking out about the painful topic in her new memoir, Yes Please.
Calling her own separation “too sad” and too personal” to discuss in detail, she writes “when you are a person going through a divorce you feel incredibly alone, yet you are constantly reminded by society of how frequently divorce happens and how common it has become. You aren’t allowed to feel special, but no one knows the specific ways you are in pain.”
PHOTOS: Heartbreak Home: Divorced Celebs and Their Former Love Nests
“Imagine spreading everything you care about on a blanket and then tossing the whole thing up in the air,” the Parks And Recreation actress continues. “The process of divorce is about loading up that blanket, throwing it up, watching it all spin, and worrying what stuff will break when it lands.”
Taking the high road, Poehler has only positive things to say about Arrested Development actor Arnett, 44, from whom she split after nearly ten years of marriage in September 2012.
“I am proud of how my ex-husband, Will, and I have been taking care of our children,” writes the mom to Archie, nearly 6, and Abel, 4. “I am beyond grateful he is their father; and I don’t think a ten-year marriage constitutes failure.”
PHOTOS: Celebs Who Have Been Divorced Twice Before 40
However, she admits, “getting a divorce really sucks.”
Fortunately, the star’s close friend, divorced comic Louis CK, 47, was able to take on the role as her “relationship sponsor.”
“Divorce is always good news because no good marriage has ever ended in divorce,” she claims CK told her.
PHOTOS: Don’t Get Mad, Get Everything! Inside The 16 Most Expensive Celebrity Divorces Of All Time
Despite the heartbreak, Poehler was able to move on seven months later with Kroll Show star Nick Kroll, 36.
In a chapter describing her lifelong struggle with getting a good night’s sleep, she credits Kroll with soothing her late-night anxiety.
“I have a boyfriend who knows how to settle me,” she writes. “He puts his hand on my chest and tells me boring stories…On one of our first nights together I woke up apologizing for my snoring and he pulled out the two earplugs he had worn to bed so that he could hear what I was saying. It was one of the most romantic gestures I have ever seen.”
PHOTOS: Boozy Arrests, Dirty Divorces & Cheating Scandals!
In the acknowledgements, Poehler also gives a shout out to her boyfriend of a year and a half.
“Thank you to Nick Kroll, who encourages me in all the right ways,” she says.
Yes, Please will hit bookstores on October 28. /n