Donald Trump Tweets Video Clip Of Himself 'Beating Up CNN'/n
This is CNN.
Being taken down?
President Donald Trump continued his Twitter war with the media on Sunday. And this time, he set his sights on CNN in a Twitter attack only the brash businessman could dream up.
PHOTOS: Kanye West Meets With Donald Trump After Major Meltdown
Trump, who has been on a tweeting tear since Thursday involving Morning Joe co-hosts Mika Brzezinksi and her TV co-host and fiance Joe Scarborough, put an edited video clip up on his Twitter account in which he appears to be beating up the CNN logo.
According to reports, the video appeared to be a modified version of a 2007 appearance by Trump at World Wrestling Entertainment’s WrestleMania 23 promotion.
During that event, Trump had tackled WWE Chairman Vince McMahon. But in the Sunday video Trump shared with his followers, McMahon’s head has been replaced with the CNN logo!
PHOTOS: Lost Photo Album! Take A Look At The Trump Family — As You’ve Never Seen Them Before

#FraudNewsCNN #FNN pic.twitter.com/WYUnHjjUjg
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 2, 2017

After Trump attacks the virtual CNN effigy, a logo, “FNN Fraud News Network” appears at the bottom of the screen.
The President, 71, captioned the tweet, “#FraudNewsCNN #FNN.”
On Saturday, Trump said his use of Twitter was “MODERN DAY PRESIDENTIAL,” while others were cringing or saying he was promoting violence.
PHOTOS: Inside Donald Trump’s Secret Meeting With Vladimir Putin — To OVERTHROW Dictators!
But some supporters, such as conservative commentator Ann Coulter, have said his tweeting is fantastic and fires up his voters to support him even more.
White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders has claimed “the President in no way, form or fashion has ever promoted or encouraged violence.”
The CNN video is just the latest attack on the news media by Trump in the past few days.
PHOTOS: First Dances & More! Everything To Know About President Trump’s Inaugural Ball
On Thursday, the President slammed Brzezinksi and her TV co-host and fiance Scarborough when he wrote that he no longer watched their MSNBC morning show and charged, “low I.Q. Crazy Mika” had been “bleeding badly from a face-lift” when she and “Psycho Joe” visited him at his Mar-a-Lago resort around New Year’s Eve.
As part of a Washington Post op-ed, Brzezinski said she “never had a face-lift,” as the President claimed, but did admit that she had “a little skin under her chin tweaked, but this was hardly a state secret.”
Top plastic surgery experts, who have not treated the TV host, have told Radar that in their opinion Brzezinski DID have a face- lift.
PHOTOS: Who Needs Air Force One? Inside Donald Trump’s $30 Million Plane
On Saturday, as Radar has reported, Trump launched another attack on the TV duo, tweeting, “Crazy Joe Scarborough and dumb as a rock Mika are not bad people, but their low rated show is dominated by their NBC bosses. Too bad!”
As Radar readers know, the ENQUIRER published the article on Scarborough and Brzezinski’s “cheating scandal” while both were married.  (Brzezinski divorced her husband this year and Scarborough divorced his second wife in 2013).
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n