Anna Nicole's Baby Isn't Going Anywhere/nAnna Nicole Smith's baby girl Dannielynn will be staying in the Bahamas after a judge slapped Howard K. Stern with a court order forbidding him from taking her out of the country.After an impassioned plea from Smith's mother, Virgie Arthur, Justice Stephen Isaacs granted a request for an injunction preventing Stern from whisking her away from the island, reports the New York Daily News. According to a friend quoted by the Daily News, Arthur blames Stern for the deaths of her daughter and her grandson.  "There's two common denominators in the deaths of her daughter and her grandchild – drugs and Howard K. Stern, " said David Lee.Meanwhile, Stern told ET that he is the executor of the late Anna Nicole's will, and is the legal guardian of Dannielynn. The 5-month-old babe is, upon the death of her half-brother, the sole beneficiary of Anna Nicole's fortune. Britney Too Trashy to Be Bag Lady No bag for you, Britney! So says heiress-model Lydia Hearst, who designed a handbag for a fashion show last week, but reportedly wouldn't give one to Britney, despite Spears' pleas. As Rush & Molloy report, the hard-charging pop princess wanted one of the limited edition Hearst-and-Heatherette-designed clutches, but Hearst declined, saying,  "I'm only giving the bag to accomplished young women who are doing something positive to affect the world around them. " So who got one? The decidedly less-skankarific Gwyneth Paltrow, Sarah Jessica Parker, and Anne Hathaway. A rejected Britney was a no-show for the Heatherette show, by the way. And her rep says the story's not true. Paula: I've Never Been Drunk Paula Abdul insists that she's never been drunk – on  "American Idol " or otherwise – and says that she's never done  "recreational " drugs. In an interview with Us Weekly, Abdul says,  "I've never been drunk ... Just look at my 20-year career. Tell me someone who is into partying or doing drugs that could have done that. " (Uh, what?) Abdul's penchant for bizarrely slurred and loopy speech has been noted a number of times for several  "Idol " seasons, but she's always maintained that the red cup in front of her contains nothing saucy. Abdul admits that she's taken prescription medication for health problems, including inflammatory arthritis. Howard Stern Engaged? The other Howard Stern, aka the original radio shock jock, has shocked fans once again by announcing that he popped the question to longtime girlfriend Beth Ostrosky.Despite repeated vows to never exchange vows again, Stern broke the news of his engagement this morning on his Sirius radio show.The 53-year-old claims he used a 5.2 carat diamond ring to seal the deal with Ostrosky, who's 18 years his junior. Party Favors: 50 Cent and Irv Gotti in L.A. Staredown ... Sandra Bullock: Stop Asking about Kids! ... Dame Edna Offers to Adopt Dannielynn Rappers 50 Cent and Irv Gotti got into an old-fashioned staredown in L.A. over the weekend at a Grammy viewing party, but Gotti blinked first, and left the Universal Music party quickly. According to Page Six, Gotti's been trash-talking Fitty since he got signed to the same record label. ... Sandra Bullock wants people to quit asking her about when she and husband Jesse James are going to have kids, according to InStyle. She's not, for the record, and might slap you if you ask her, she says. ... Drag legend Dame Edna is offering to adopt Anna Nicole's daughter Dannielynn, but only if she can be named Lois, says Rush & Molloy.  "I had a baby once called Lois ... it was stolen. We've been looking for her ever since. " Dame Edna has two children; Kenny, a designer, and daughter Valmai, a pit bull breeder./n