Whitney Houston’s Family Demands: Dig Up Bobbi Kristina!/n
Whitney Houston’s family desperately wants her daughter Bobbi Kristina Brown’s body exhumed for a new autopsy — which could lead to murder charges against her abusive boyfriend Nick Gordon!
Family members made the demand after Gordon was arrested for domestic battery and false imprisonment for the brutal beatdown of current girlfriend Laura Leal, 26, at his Florida home on June 10, insiders told RadarOnline.com.
“I think they should exhume Bobbi Kristina’s body, and make a determination as to the fact that Nick Gordon murdered her. He was responsible for her death!” a family source said.
“The new case demonstrates Nick’s pattern of abuse against women. His father was abusive. His grandfather was abusive. It’s in his DNA! That’s why he can’t stop!”
PHOTOS: Bobbi Kristina Brown Betrayed! Nick Gordon Steps Out With New Girl
Gordon, 28, is the prime suspect in the suspicious death of Bobbi Kristina, who was 22 years old when she was found unresponsive in the water-filled bathtub of her Georgia home in January 2015.
She was in a coma for six months before dying.
Gordon’s arrest sent shock waves through the Houston family, who consider him the “spawn of the devil,” according to another family insider.
“Nick has serious psychological and substance-abuse issues. Whitney and Krissi’s family is living through this hellish nightmare all over again,” said the source.
PHOTOS: Nick Gordon Reveals Chilling New Details About Bobbi Kristina’s Death
“They’re praying Nick gets thrown in jail for a long time so he can’t hurt another woman. He’s the worst kind of predator.”
Dontaye Carter, a spokesman for the Fulton County District Attorney’s Office, told Radar: “The [Bobbi Kristina] case is still under investigation.”
In a statement, the D.A.’s office added: “However, it goes without saying that the arrest of Nick Gordon in the Florida domestic violence case will certainly add an additional layer of evidence to the final resolution of this matter.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n