Julianne Hough & Brooks Laich's Wedding Was Nothing Short Of 'Perfection' — Deets On The Special Day HERE!/n

Congrats to the Mr. and Mrs.!
As we reported, Julianne Hough tied the knot to hockey player Brooks Laich at an outdoor ceremony in Coeur d'Alene, Idaho over the weekend surrounded by 200 of their closest family and friends!
The Dancing With The Stars judge looked STUNNING in a custom Marchesa gown with Lorraine Schwartz jewelry for the ceremony, and was given away by her father, Bruce.
In this week's People, the dancer revealed even more details about the big day that she described as absolute "perfection"!
Related: Nina Dobrev & Glen Powell Are An Item!
As for the location, it was important to the couple to have the festivities take place on the lake.
Julianne explained: 
"When I introduced Brooks to the lake, he fell in love with this special spot, and we knew this was where we wanted to raise our family and grow old together. It just felt right to be married here."
The 34-year-old athlete added:
"It was really important to me that we had our ceremony outdoors. Julianne and I are very adventurous and free, and wanted the setting to be in nature."
So, let's break down the details.
More than 2,000 blooms were arranged by Kristen Griffith-VanderYacht of Wild Bloom — which were later donated to The Full Bloom, a non-profit that repurposes gently used flowers into arrangements for hospital and hospice patients. Amazing!
During the ceremony, the 28-year-old couldn't keep her eyes off of her new husband:
"Brooks and I kept eye contact the entire ceremony. We never stopped looking at each other."
Adding of her favorite moment:
"Kissing each other for the first time as husband and wife as the confetti cannons exploded around us. I couldn't stop crying all weekend and most people [thought] I would have cried during the entire ceremony, but instead I was just so excited and ready to celebrate!"
Julianne was surprised by her bridesmaids with a choreographed dance to Sia's The Greatest – which is meaningful because it's one of her favorite numbers to perform with her brother, Derek Hough.
The beautiful bride also had something up her sleeve as she surprised Brooks with fireworks during their first dance as OneRepublic's All This Time played in the background.
So romantic!!!!
[Image via Sarah Falugo/People.]
/n