Amy Winehouse’s Love Letter: Evidence of Sexy/n
Forget Penthouse Forum; for really lurid correspondence, turn to the British legal system.
News of the World reports that Amy Winehouse’s soon-to-be ex-husband, jailbird Blake Fielder-Civil, will be using Wine-O’s last love letter to him in his divorce case.
Fielder-Civil, 26, is seeking half of the singer’s estimated $24 million fortune, but the erotic wallop packed into Amy’s steamy note is priceless.
In the six-page letter—written on pink paper—Winehouse, who’s lately been spotted in St. Lucia enjoying quality time with her rumored new beau, 21-year-old aspiring actor Joshua Bowman, teases Blake with details of a $6,000 lingerie-shopping spree she’d indulged in at Agent Provocateur. 
“I’m gonna put it on now. I spent about 3K [pounds] but I LIVE in wait for your face and lap and SATISFIED smile. . .you imagine me in it and have it in your head,” Winehouse, 25, scribbles. “Oh I wish I could sit on your lap and just kiss you. Kiss, kiss, kiss your f***ing grin off until it gets very serious.”
Elsewhere, Winehouse writes, “You are grace and majesty, your lips with mine are royal cushions that carry away in sweet savage dreams the minute they meet. You are a REAL boy. Everything I could pray for. REALLY my Boy Wonder.”
So what does Fielder-Civil—who’s currently incarcerated at Edmunds Hill Prison in Sufffolk after failing a drug test in rehab—hope to accomplish by making the love letter public?
Legal analysts believe he hopes to demonstrate a significant role in Wine-O’s music career, and thus lay claim to as much of her cash as possible.
While it’s generally acknowledged that Winehouse’s smash 2006 album Back to Black was largely influenced by her relationship with Fielder-Civil, one passage in the note hints that he’s had an even deeper impact on her songwriting.
After suggesting that she might record a covers collection of the couple’s favorite tunes, the singer sets the idea aside and writes, “So I’m thinking how about I WRITE you a few albums instead.”
Please, Amy; as far as your relationship with Blake goes, you’ve already written too much.
/n