zone, so feel free to add as little or as much as you'd like. Then with black eye shadow (I'm using Youngblood Pressed Individual Eye Shadow in Black Opal), start getting in the crease of your eye and the outer corners following al.../n
Warning: This isn't your average smoky eye so proceed with caution (and major confidence). A common theme this year at Paris Couture Fashion Week was the lack of luminous, dewy skin and the rise of minimal makeup paired with one eye-catching key focus. In Gigi Hadid's case, the Versace beauty look was all about a metallic smoky eye. Metallic? Yes, metallic. If you're interested in trying this at home, celeb makeup artist Suzie Kim recreated the look so you could do just that. 

Step 1: "With any look that calls for heavy eye shadow, I always do the eyes first," said Suzie. "It's going to fall no matter what. This way, you get the messy part over with and can clean up underneath with any kind of makeup wipe before finishing the look."The first step calls for eye primer, like Makeup Forever Eye Primer. "When you're doing a smoky eye, there's always a fine line to walk in terms of how dark you go. Primer helps even out the darkness of the black eye shadow, so you don't get to the point where it's too dark and looks messy—you can still control it," she added. "After you're done with the primer, take a creamy eye liner and draw a nice heavy line across the lashes then wing it out slightly. You don't have to worry about the wing because you're going to blend it out with shadow anyway, and the only point of it is for the pigment to grab onto. Then on the bottom of your lashes draw a similar line on the inner waterline and below the lashes. Start halfway across your eye and just connect the bottom liner to the top winged-out liner to create a V-shape," noted the expert. 

Step 2: "Now you're going to highlight the inner corners of your eyes with the gunmetal-silver color. I'm using MAC Pigment in Platinum with a dense eye shadow brush." Pro tip: When using pigments, dip your brush in, then tap or flip the brush before you apply the makeup to make sure there's not a ton of loose product. "Go right in the corner of your eye and start blending, then drag out the color to about the middle of your eye lid. Everyone has a different comfort zone, so feel free to add as little or as much as you'd like.Then with black eye shadow (I'm using Youngblood Pressed Individual Eye Shadow in Black Opal), start getting in the crease of your eye and the outer corners following along the lines you created with liner," added Suzie. "You'll see a V-shape start to form at the corner of each eye and then you're done!"

Step 3: Every great look is finished with a lip. The makeup guru used Hourglass Femme Nude Lip Stylo in Nude #2 and applied it all over. Then finished with a layer of La Mer Matte Balm.
/n