Former Fox Chairman and CEO Roger Ailes Dead at 77
/n

 
Former Fox News Chairman and CEO Roger Ailes has died, confirms Fox. He was 77.
His death comes months after he resigned from the news network amid claims of sexual harassment by former Fox News host Gretchen Carlson.
On May 10, Ailes fell on the bathroom floor at his home in Palm Beach and suffered a blood clot and complications from the fall, PEOPLE can confirm. A Palm Beach police spokesperson tells PEOPLE that he was then transported out of town after the accident. The fall was first reported by author Gabe Sherman.
As of Thursday, the Palm Beach County Medical Examiner’s office completed the investigation and examination of Ailes, who passed away of complications of a subdural hematoma after he fell at home injuring his head.
“Hemophilia contributed to his death and his manner of death was accidental,” according to the report. There was no evidence of foul play.
Ailes’ wife, Elizabeth, released a statement to Drudge Report stating that the former longtime Fox News chairman and CEO had passed away on Thursday morning.
“I am profoundly sad and heartbroken to report that my husband, Roger Ailes, passed away this morning,” the statement began. “Roger was a loving husband to me, to his son Zachary, and a loyal friend to many. He was also a patriot, profoundly grateful to live in a country that gave him so much opportunity to work hard, to rise—and to give back.”
“During a career that stretched over more than five decades, his work in entertainment, in politics, and in news affected the lives of many millions. And so even as we mourn his death, we celebrate his life…” the statement added.
According to Zev Chafets’ 2013 biography, Roger Ailes: Off Camera, Ailes suffered from health complications for most of his life, after being diagnosed with hemophilia as a child. He also had multiple surgeries and joint replacements.


Breaking News: Former Fox News chairman and CEO Roger Ailes has died, his family announced. pic.twitter.com/AksPdNSZaI
— Fox News (@FoxNews) May 18, 2017

Following the news of his death, former colleagues and journalists took to social media to mourn the former CEO.


Love and prayers to Beth and Zach.  R.I.P Roger – you changed television as we know it. https://t.co/1vjhGFQaDc
— Bret Baier (@BretBaier) May 18, 2017



Roger Ailes was a great American patriot. May the Lord comfort you, Beth and Zachary.
— toddstarnes (@toddstarnes) May 18, 2017



Roger Ailes founded one of the most important and successful media outlets in American history.  I will miss his friendship dearly.  RIP.
— Laura Ingraham (@IngrahamAngle) May 18, 2017



Today America lost one of its great patriotic warriors. Roger Ailes. For Decades RA's has impacted American politics and media.
— Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) May 18, 2017



For all he controversies surrounding Roger. He created jobs and a pathway for me to realize my goals. I'm grateful.
— Mike Tobin (@MikeTobinFox) May 18, 2017

Fox News Chairman, Rupert Murdoch, also released a statement on Ailes’ death to PEOPLE, stating: “Everybody at Fox News is shocked and grieved by the death of Roger Ailes. A brilliant broadcaster, Roger played a huge role in shaping America’s media over the last thirty years. He will be remembered by the many people on both sides of the camera that he discovered, nurtured and promoted.”
“Roger and I shared a big idea which he executed in a way no one else could have,” the statement continued. “In addition, Roger was a great patriot who never ceased fighting for his beliefs. At 21st Century Fox we will always be enormously grateful for the great business he built. Our thoughts and prayers are with his wife Elizabeth and son Zachary.”
In July, Ailes left the Fox network after former Fox News host Carlson filed suit against him, claiming sexual harassment and retaliation. At the time, he had denied all accusations of harassment against her. In September, a source told PEOPLE the former anchor reached a settlement with Ailes and she was expected to receive $20 million.
After the allegations were made, six more women – four who remained anonymous – came forward claiming that they had similar experiences with Ailes over multiple decades. Months later, former Fox News anchor Megyn Kelly also accused him of repeatedly sexually harassing her in a chapter from the 45-year-old journalist’s memoir Settle for More.
Ailes was the CEO of Fox News for nearly 20 years.
/n