like she did the worst job in the world." Ouch! Other than Stacy's response to the judges' criticism, Astro takes on people who call him "cocky" and LeRoy Bell tells us what he's going to do to convince people h.../n
Stacy Francis is mad, y'all, and she's not going to take it anymore!The X Factor contestant was less than thrilled with the feedback she got from the judges, especially Simon Cowell and L.A. Reid, after her performance of Meat Loaf's "It's All Coming Back to Me Now," and she wasn't afraid to voice her frustrations when we caught up with her after the show. In fact, she told us she was "devastated" and feels like "she got ripped apart like she did the worst job in the world." Ouch!Other than Stacy's response to the judges' criticism, Astro takes on people who call him "cocky" and LeRoy Bell tells us what he's going to do to convince people he's not boring (hint: it doesn't involve pants)!

MORE: The X Factor Recap: Rock, Reggae, R.E.M. and the Usual Ridicule

"I got beat up tonight. I felt like it was really unfair. I didn't feel  like it was a fair evaluation," Stacy tells us. "I'm not one to toot my  horn. I'm very hard on myself as an artist, but I was later told that I  was not off-pitch at all and Paula [Abdul] said I was  flat. That wasn't true. Simon said I sounded like a cabaret singer and  yet the same thing that I do when I first got here, that he loved in my  first audition, now he's beating me up."

She continues to say that she thinks she may have gotten a harsher critique from Simon because she isn't in his group."I don't know if it's because I'm  not in his category....because Melanie came on and did an R.E.M. ballad  and I did a Meat Loaf ballad, and she got a rave review. I don't get  it," Francis ponders. It's very hard as an artist to separate we're on a television show and this is for ratings or drama. You want to know the truth what they're saying in there. You want to know what do you really think of me. I want to know if they're really speaking from the heart: Is this really how they feel or is [Simon] trying to win the competition so much that he's going to throw me under the bus?" 

MORE: Survivor: South Pacific Insider: Surprising Twist Shakes Up Tribal Council...Maybe?

Someone else who was firing back at some haters? Fifteen-year-old rapper Astro, who says people have been calling him "cocky." Well, guess what? He doesn't care!"I don't care," Astro says with a laugh. "I really don't care. It's not taking a dollar out of my pocket and it's not putting any in...It's called confidence." He also says a lot of the people calling him overconfident are "bored and picking on a 15-year-old kid." Something he admits to being? A little immature. "I'm not mature! If you get to to meet me in person and hang out with me for a minute, I'll be like, an idiot!"When asked why the judges constantly are calling him "boring," LeRoy tells us, "I don't think I'm boring at all! I have no idea." LeRoy says he's stumped as how to make his performance less boring but throws out one option as a joke: "Take my pants off?"

MORE: Revenge Star Gabriel Mann Teases "Terrible Things" and Same-Sex Surprises

What other tidbits did we learn after the show? The eternally smiling Rachel Crow tells us she had a bit of a "diva moment" before the show. "I was a little upset. We had to change my outfit five minutes before to see how things we're looking. I started crying, I was like, 'I don't know what to do!' I was freaking out. It was definitely a diva moment of mine." Cutest. Diva. Ever.Marcus Canty says he at first felt "uncomfortable" with the idea of sliding underneath of row of background dancers, but says he came around to it after being onstage and thinking, "You don't have to look up! The whole time I looked out at the audience. That was the key for me!"14-year-old Drew's hidden talent! She can rap, so L.A. may want to rethink that challenge he threw at Simon to have Drew try hip-hop. "I actually, secretly, can rap! You know, it's kind of a secret thing for me, and I don't know if L.A. Reid knows that," she says. "I don't know if I'd be pulling an Astro on stage because I'm definitely not Astro!"
/n