Ariel Winter’s Mom Blasts Her Daughter’s Skimpy Outfits: She Needs to “Dress Properly”/n





                    Ariel Winter Wants You to Check Out Her Bikini Booty
                







DAYUM!

 MORE >>










                    Fans Are Mad at Ariel Winter for Not Wearing a Bra to a Kids' Movie Premiere
                







What do you think of her outfit of choice?

 MORE >>





Ariel Winter’s estranged mother has a few things to say about the actress’ revealing style.

As the Modern Family star continues to flaunt what her mama gave her in a variety of skimpy outfits, Chrystal Workman is urging her daughter to cover up and stop taking sexy photos.
“She needs to grow up. I would tell her to dress properly, be the beautiful person she is. I feel sad that she feels the need to expose herself when it’s not necessary,” she tells In Touch. “Ariel is smart, beautiful and talented. She is a legitimate actress. She does not need to do this. She is beautiful with her clothes on.”



A post shared by ARIEL WINTER (@arielwinter) on Apr 29, 2017 at 10:01am PDT



As previously reported, Ariel was legally emancipated from Chrystal in 2015 after lodging abuse allegations against her mother. When she was still underage, the actress was in the temporary custody of her sister, Shanelle Gray.
“I would not do that,” Chrystal, who is still estranged from Ariel, says of the abuse claims. She also vehemently denies accusations she tried to “sexualize” Ariel when she was younger by dressing her daughter up in lingerie.



A post shared by ARIEL WINTER (@arielwinter) on Mar 30, 2017 at 11:13am PDT



Despite the denial, Ariel isn’t going down without a fight. Sharing a photo of her wearing denim shorts during a trip to the grocery store with 29-year-old live-in boyfriend Levi Meaden, the 19-year-old seemingly responds to her mom’s comments — and frankly, those left by all her other haters — about her so-called “slutty shorts.”
“It’s f*cking Ralphs! What headline are you getting with this?????” she writes on Instagram. “Like ok can we just live and not be followed? Take pics on red carpets where we sign up for that not when we’re just trying to grocery shop for f*cks sake.”


Ariel Winter Goes Grocery Shopping with Levi Meaden


































5 Photos »


/n