Oscars 2017: All the Makeup and Beauty Products Your Favorite Celebrities Used/n





                    All the Oscar Fails You Missed
                







WTF happened?!

 MORE >>





There might’ve been a few fashion blunders, but the makeup and hair game was definitely on point at this year’s Academy Awards!

From Kirsten Dunst’s chic chignon to Viola Davis’ Oscar-ready manicure, there were tons of memorably beauty moments on Sunday night. We did a little digging and found out what our faves like Nicole Kidman, Chrissy Teigen and Jessica Biel used to get dolled up for movie’s biggest and glitziest night.
That’s right, even you can now recreate red carpet looks at home using tried-and-true beauty products at home. Shop our finds — below!
 
Dakota Johnson’s golden glow





CREDIT: Valerie Macon/AFP/Getting images


The Fifty Shades Darker star was simply glowing on the red carper thanks to Joanna Vargas’ signature Triple Crown Facial and Double Happiness Treatment. You can now try the celebrity facialist’s own line of products — like her Joanna Vargas Exfoliating Mask — at home.
 
Jessica Biel’s smooth updo





CREDIT: Frazer Harrison/Getty Images


“For Jessica’s hair, I took inspiration from various cultures, from hieroglyphics of an Egyptian goddess to studying the photos of traditional geishas,” celebrity hairstylist Adir Abergel told us. “The key was in the architecture; I created a gorgeous foundation with Virtue Smooth Shampoo and Conditioner then sculpted it into place. The look is simple, shiny and elegant.”
 
nicole Kidman’s bold lip





CREDIT: Frazer Harrison/Getty Images


The Lion star’s classic red pout was created using Giorgio Armani Beauty Rouge D’Armani Lipstick in Rouge with Neutrogena Hydro Boost Hydrating Lip Shine in Deep Cherry for a truly vibrant red.
 
Felicity Jones’ voluminous tresses





CREDIT: Frazer Harrison/Getty Images


For the Rogue One: A Star Wars Story actress’ bouncy brunette locks, hairstylist Cervando Maldonado used purely products from Matrix Biolage, including the Matrix Biolage R.A.W. Replenish Oil Mist,  Matrix Style Link Perfect Volume Fixer Volume Hairspray and Matrix Style Link Texture Builder Finishing Spray.
 
Ginnifer Goodwin’s Smokey Eyes





CREDIT: Jean-Baptiste LaCroix/AFP/Getty Images


Makeup artist Mai Quynh prepped the Once Upon a Time star’s face with Kiehl’s products before creating a smokey eye using LORAC Front of the Line PRO Eye Pencil in Charcoal, LORAC PRO Mascara and shadows from the LORAC PRO Palette 2.
 
Lily Collins’ sharp AF cat-eye





CREDIT: Jean-Baptiste LaCroix/AFP/Getty Images


For a cat-eye like the one Lily Collins rocked at an Oscars after-party, makeup artist Fiona Stiles turned to the Lancôme Grandiôse Liner in Noir to keep lines so sharp that can probably cut man.
 
Kirsten Dunst’s chic-but-effortless chignon





CREDIT: Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images


Celebrity hairstylist Adir Abergel used Virtue The Uplifted Volumizing Whip on the actress’ signature blonde locks mid-shaft and applied Virtue The Perfect Ending Split End Serum to ensure a beautiful finish. To secure the hair, Virtue The Finale Shaping Spray was spritzed for a photo finish ‘do.
 
Viola Davis’ nude mani





CREDIT: Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images


With all eyes on the Oscar statuette in her hand, it was no surprise the Best Actress winner turned to a classic varnish color like Essie’s Mink Muff for her Academy Award manicure.
 
Leslie Mann’s pink pout





CREDIT: Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images


While many star went with a classic red lip, Leslie Mann had a little fun with color opted for a bright pink pout to go with her yellow ball gown. The actress wore two lip colors Sunday night: Lancome L’Absolu Rouge Lipstick in Attraction and Isabella.
 
Chrissy Teigen’s sexy and sophisticated updo





CREDIT: Credit: Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images


The model enlisted help from her trusted hairstylist, Jen Atkin, for the big night. Atkin relied on products like Ouai Wave Spray and Ouai Texturizing Spray from her own haircare line.
 
Alessandra Ambrosio’s flawless complexion





CREDIT: Jean-Baptiste LaCroix/AFP/Getty Images


For truly smooth and flawless skin, Alessandra Ambrosio used an Aurabsolu Instant Glow Hydrogel Mask, followed by the Aurabsolu Intense Glow For Eyes Dark Circle Corrector and Aromessence Neroli Hydrating Oil Serum, before applying any makeup.
 
Matt Damon and Luciana Barroso’s his-and-her hair





CREDIT: Angela Weiss/AFP/Getty Images


The couple that get their hair done together, stay together! Matt Damon and his wife, Luciana Barroso, both had their hair styled using Oribe products. The Academy Award winner used the brand’s Signature Shampoo and Rough Luxury Molding Paste, while Barroso’s hair was made sleek and shiny using Oribe Gold Lust Repair & Restore Shampoo, Oribe Grandiose Hair Plumping Mousse and Oribe Superfine Hair Spray.


Best and Worst Dressed Celebrities at 2017 oscars








































24 Photos »


/n