Is Jennifer Garner Dating Chris Pine?/n
It’s that time of the week again when the celebrity weeklies hit the newsstands. To separate what’s real and rumor, we turned to our friends at Gossip Cop for the 411 on this week’s most controversial stories.

Jennifer Garner is secretly dating Chris Pine, reveals OK!. The publication reports they go on hikes and have late-night dinners at Pine’s home, and he “makes Jen feel sexy again.” For how serious Pine and Garner have already become, and how Ben Affleck really feels about her “revenge romance,” see what an insider confides to Gossip Cop.
Kate Hudson is pregnant, and is unsure “who’s the daddy,” reveals Star in an explosive cover story. The publication reports she’s narrowed it down to her “two lovers,” Brad Pitt and Danny Fujikawa, but isn’t entirely certain who the baby girl’s father is. For how she’ll handle the paternity question, and when the baby is due, go to Gossip Cop.
Brad Pitt recently told Angelina Jolie, “I’ll raise the kids,” reveals Life & Style. The magazine reports Pitt informed Jolie in person that he wants full custody of their children because he feels they’re “better off being watched by him in LA than traveling the globe” with her. For how Jolie shockingly reacted, see what a Pitt confidante leaks to Gossip Cop.
Ben Affleck and Lindsay Shookus are already talking about having a baby together, reports In Touch. The magazine notes that even though Affleck and the Saturday Night Live producer haven’t been a couple for that long, they’re “ready to start a family.” For whether they also plan on getting married and how Jennifer Garner feels about this, see what insiders reveal to Gossip Cop.
Lamar Odom is writing a tell-all about the Kardashians, reports In Touch. The magazine says Odom “knows all of the Kardashians’ secrets and he’s not holding back.” One insider feels the former NBA player will “destroy” the family when he reveals everything about them. For details about what Odom will embarrassingly spill about the Kardashians, log on to Gossip Cop.
/n