Stephen King Bans Trump from Seeing ‘It’ as Revenge for Twitter Blocking: ‘No Clowns for You, Donald’/n
Earlier this summer, horror fiction master Stephen King was blocked on Twitter by President Donald Trump. And now, King is seeking vengeance.
“Donald Trump blocked me on Twitter. I am hereby blocking him from seeing IT or MR. MERCEDES. No clowns for you, Donald. Go float yourself,” King tweeted late Thursday.
King’s latest movie adaptation, It — based on his iconic novel about the murderous clown Pennywise — hits theaters Sept. 8. King also banned Trump from watching his TV thriller series, Mr. Mercedes, which premiered on the Audience network earlier this month.


Donald Trump blocked me on Twitter. I am hereby blocking him from seeing IT or MR. MERCEDES. No clowns for you, Donald. Go float yourself.
— Stephen King (@StephenKing) August 25, 2017

King, who has a long track record of calling out the president on a variety of issues, first tweeted about the president’s Twitter blocking when it occurred in June.
“Trump has blocked me from reading his tweets. I may have to kill myself,” King wrote in a tweet on June 13.
The prolific horror author followed this post with several other tweets about Trump and his administration.
“For a business guy, Trump is amazingly credulous. The last thing to go into his ear is the first thing that comes out of his mouth,” King wrote in one tweet.


Trump has blocked me from reading his tweets. I may have to kill myself.
— Stephen King (@StephenKing) June 13, 2017



Have others received a notification of being blocked from Trump's tweets, or is it a hoax? It's not as if his tweets are hard to find!
— Stephen King (@StephenKing) June 13, 2017



Trump's cabinet offers a postgraduate-level course in ass-kissing.
— Stephen King (@StephenKing) June 13, 2017



For a business guy, Trump is amazingly credulous. The last thing to go into his ear is the first thing that comes out of his mouth.
— Stephen King (@StephenKing) March 7, 2017

More recently, the 69-year-old criticized the president for his response to the deadly violence at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia. “Trump must be removed. Republicans, stand up to this obscene man,” King tweeted last week.


Trump must be removed. Republicans, stand up to this obscene man.
— Stephen King (@StephenKing) August 15, 2017

Before he was blocked from viewing Trump’s Twitter account, King had regularly blasted Trump throughout the first 100 days of his presidency. In one tweet, he said the president was an “almost textbook case” of narcissistic personality disorder. He also once tweeted of Trump: “That this guy has his finger on the nuclear trigger is worse than any horror story I ever wrote.”


That this guy has his finger on the nuclear trigger is worse than any horror story I ever wrote.
— Stephen King (@StephenKing) May 4, 2017



I say this gently and kindly: If you voted for Trump and still think he's doing a good job, you haven't been paying attention.
— Stephen King (@StephenKing) April 26, 2017



Trump's tweets in his first hundred days draw a pretty clear portrait: he's an almost textbook case of narcissistic personality disorder.
— Stephen King (@StephenKing) May 4, 2017

RELATED VIDEO: What Scares Stephen King?

King is not the only celebrity who Trump has blocked on Twitter.
The president has also blocked model and cookbook author Chrissy Tiegen, Star Trek: The Next Generation actress Marina Sirtis, and other personalities who are highly critical of his presidency.
/n