 'Teen Mom' Farrah SLAMS Enemies Amber & Maci For 'Low-Class Antics' After Cruise Snub.../n
Maci Bookout, Amber Portwood and Kailyn Lowry are setting sail on the first ever Teen Mom cruise next summer — but Farrah Abraham won’t be aboard! The snubbed reality star bashed her co-stars exclusively to RadarOnline.com.
“I’m laughing at how the extra Teen Moms have to try to insult me to promote the wack cruise they’re trying to sell,” Abraham told Radar of the snub. “Unlike them I don’t need to share with other girls to get a company to give me a free cruise and make others pay for it.”
The sex tape star then slammed her co-stars, who she is currently feuding with, for ditching their children for the vacation.
“I took Sophia on the largest cruise ship by Disney that sits in the port that was really family friendly,” she said. “They’re on a family-friendly cruise yet aren’t bringing their kids. Have a fantastic 21 & over time!”
PHOTOS: Baby Daddy From Hell! ‘Teen Mom’ Maci Bookout Slams Ex Ryan Edwards In New Tell-All: Read Her 10 Most Shocking Accusations
She then took a jab at Portwood and her fiancé Matt Baier, 44, by explaining how fans don’t want to “play beer pong all day with pedophile boyfriends.” (Baier has never been accused of being sexually attracted to children, or having acted on such desires, by anyone other than Abraham in her outrageous claims.)
Abraham may even get back at her co-stars by throwing her own cruise!
“Maybe I’ll host a huge Yacht party with real entertainment,” she said. “Have fun on your cruise. I wouldn’t pay to go on that one, sorry. Bored of all their low-class antics.”
Abraham’s on-again, off-again boyfriend Simon Saran came to her defense.
PHOTOS: Backdoor ‘Teen Mom’ Farrah Abraham Returns To Porn With Raunchy Lesbian Adult Film
“Considering Maci just had balls rubbed over her face in Vegas and Amber is endorsing a 50-year-old naked man in a book, they seem like much more family-friendly candidates,” Saran sarcastically told Radar of Bookout’s bachelorette party and Baier’s upcoming memoir.
The snub comes after Abraham and Portwood got into a physical altercation at the Teen Mom OG reunion taping.
Abraham’s father Michael told Radar how Portwood attacked his daughter after she made negative comments about Baier.
Bookout then defended Portwood by trying to get on stage.
Will you book the cruise? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n