Chris Cornell’s Wife Pens Emotional Letter to Late Husband: ‘I’m Sorry You Were Alone’/n





                    Chris Cornell's Funeral Plans Revealed
                







Rest in peace.

 MORE >>










                    Chris Cornell's Widow Claims Singer Was 'Different' and 'Slurring His Words' Before Death
                







This is just heartbreaking. 

 MORE >>





Chris Cornell’s widow is saying her final farewells.

Ahead of the late Soundgarden frontman’s funeral, Vicky Cornell wrote an emotional letter addressing her husband’s tragic suicide. In the lengthy note, shared by Billboard, the grieving wife called the musician “the best father, husband and son-in-law.”
“To My Sweet Christopher,” she began. “You had always said I saved you, that you wouldn’t be alive if it were not for me. My heart gleamed to see you happy, living and motivated. Excited for life. Doing everything you could to give back. We had the time of our lives in the last decade and I’m sorry, my sweet love, that I did not see what happened to you that night.”
She continued, “I’m sorry you were alone, and I know that was not you, my sweet Christopher. Your children know that too, so you can rest in peace.”


Gone Too Soon: stars Who Died Before Their Time








































17 Photos »


The couple welcomed daughter Toni in 2004 and son Christopher in 2005. Chris also had a teenage daughter named Lillian from his previous marriage with Susan Silver.
“I’m broken, but I will stand up for you and I will take care of our beautiful babies. I will think of you every minute of every day and I will fight for you,” Vicky wrote. “You were right when you said we are soulmates. It has been said that paths that have crossed will cross again, and I know that you will come find me, and I will be here waiting.
She added, “I love you more than anyone has ever loved anyone in the history of loving and more than anyone ever will.”
As reported, the 52-year-old passed away from suicide by hanging after a concert in Detroit on May 17. He will be laid to rest at the Hollywood Forever Cemetery in Los Angeles.


Chris Cornell: A Life in Photos








































17 Photos »


/n