Pennsylvania Murders: Bodies Lit On Fire In ‘Pig Roaster’/n

Two men were arrested for the brutal murder of four young men in Pennsylvania and RadarOnline.com has obtained the Official Police Criminal Complaints that give the gruesome details of the shocking crimes, including the fact that they lit the dead bodies on fire in a “pig roaster.”
Cosmo DiNardo and his cousin, Sean Kratz, have been charged with homicide, conspiracy to commit homicide, abuse of corpse and robbery in the slayings of Jimi Patrick, Dean R. Finocchiaro, Thomas C. Meo and Mark R. Sturgis.
DiNardo’s criminal complaint revealed the details from his confession that led officers to find the bodies of the four men:
“When they arrive DiNardo took Patrick to a remote part of the property and gave him a shot gun and shot and killed Patrick with a 22 caliber rifle. DiNardo drove the backhoe to where he could kill Patrick and dug a hole no deeper than 6 ft. deep. He put Patrick in the hole and buried him.”
The police documents obtained by Radar described another killing.
READ THE DOCS HERE!
“As they were leaving the barn Kratz shot Finocchiaro in the head. DiNardo took the gun from Kratz and also shot Finocchiaro while he was laying facedown on the floor, but claimed Finocchiaro was already dead when he shot him.”
The complaint revealed more details about Finocchiaro’s death.
“DiNardo took the blue tarp from the corn crib and wrapped Finocchiaro in it. He tried to drive Finocchiaro out of the barn on the side facing the corn crib. The tarp got stuck on a nail so he used the backhoe to remove him from the barn. He placed Finocchiaro into a metal tank that he referred to as the pig roaster.”
The complaints described the killings of Meo and Strugis.
READ THE DOCS HERE!
“DiNardo, Meo and Sturgis exited the truck. DiNardo was armed with the Smith & Wesson 357. He said “When they turn their backs on me, I shot Tom in the back.” He collapsed to the ground and was screaming. Sturgis started to run anyway as DiNardo started shooting him. Sturgis was struck and he fell to the ground. DiNardo said he had ran out [of] ammunition and went to the backhoe.”
The gruesome details continued in the criminal complaint.
“He then drove the backhoe over Meo, DiNardo used the backhoe to pick up Meo and Sturgis , who were both dead, according to him. After picking them up he brought their bodies to the same metal tank that Finocchiaro was in and placed them in. He poured gasoline into the metal tank and lit it.”
DiNardo was given a deal that took the death penalty off the table if he confessed to the crime. Both he and Kratz remain in jail. Stay with Radar for updates to the story.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n