Water For Elephants Author Getting Major Hate Online After Buying $23K Of Hot Christmas Toy 'Hatchimals' To Sell Online! See Her Defense!/n

This might be the craziest story to come of the 2016 holiday season yet!
Over the past few weeks, Water for Elephants author Sara Gruen has caused MAJOR controversy with a Hatchimals scheme gone terribly awry.
According to the author, the day after Black Friday she spent a whopping $23K on a supply of Hatchimals, the most coveted toy of the season. Each toy cost a little over twice its original price tag of $59.99.
Related: The 25 Hottest Holiday Toys Through The Years!
Per Gruen's account, she hoped to markup the gifts for $189 dollars in order to raise money for a charitable cause near and dear to her heart. Apparently the writer has been quietly supporting an unidentified man she believes was wrongly sentenced to life in prison.
Unfortunately for Gruen, Ebay only allows its users to sell four toys a week. If you do the math, that means the author wouldn't be able to sell out her supply in time for Christmas.
After believing she was destined for financial ruin, Sara came up with the idea to  pawn the remaining Hatchimals on a personal website she dubbed "Gruen Zoo".
Related: Goop 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Is Ridiculous!
The site's mission statement says:

"Welcome to the Gruen Zoo, a little online store whose unique mission is to get justice for a wrongfully convicted man who was sentenced to LWOP (Life Without Parole) 23 years ago, and who has been incarcerated since. About a year and a half ago, by sheer happenstance, we became aware of this man's situation and realized that if we didn't do something, nobody would. We live by "The Golden Rule," and realized we wouldn't be able to live with ourselves if we didn't do everything in our power to help. 100% of the proceeds from our sales will go toward the legal fees required to get this case back in front of the Supreme Court, which we hope to do early in the new year. Many, many thanks in advance for your support. Check back soon for updates!"
In a matter of days, the writer completely sold out her stock of fifty-one Hatchimals.
Despite Sara's altruistic vision, there were A LOT of pissed off parents who decried Sara's scheme of "greed".
Take a look at some of the backlash (below)!

#SaraGruen needs to learn that scalping hot kids products like Hachimals, even for her "cause", only brings anger. https://t.co/S5FltfKUUS
— 78tiger (@78tiger) December 7, 2016


Despicable creature and #WaterForElephants author, #SaraGruen hoards thousands in #Hatchimals for greedy re-sale.https://t.co/YkaY4xXshb
— Suléma Marie (@sulemamarie) December 12, 2016


#saragruen #hatchimals Another sign of the times? Bestselling author buys $23,000 worth of Hatchimals to sell for big profit. Greed.
— Maureen E. (@Maud6) December 12, 2016
Yikes.
In response to the hate, Gruen told the Philly Voice:

"They don't hate me – I don't think, that doesn't make any sense – but they hate whatever it is they think I represent. And the death threats? I'm going to put my alarm on for a few nights, but I think it's all online bluster. They're blowing off the wrongfully convicted man with the argument that their children ‘need' these toys."
Well, we'll just leave that quote there for our Perezcious readers to dissect!
Check out Sara's defensive interview on her controversy with the Today Show (below)!

So, what do YOU think about this scandal?
[Image via Philly Voice.]
/n