Janet Jackson Baby Hoax!?/n
A picture of Janet Jackson snuggling with three-month-old son Eissa has triggered a bombshell baby scandal — with charges the star is NOT the biological mother of the infant!
“Who is she kidding?! That baby is white!” one shocked fan rails. “There’s no way Janet is this baby’s mom.”
Blasts another: “C’mon folks, seriously?? That child is white. This substantiates the rumors that it was a faked pregnancy!”
PHOTOS: The Next LaToya? Janet Jackson Has Had ‘Multiple Plastic Surgeries’ – Top Doctors Detail The Nip & Tucks In 10 Revealing Photos
The explosive speculation, following Janet’s first posting of a photo of baby Eissa, is ­bolstered by the mystery that’s surrounded the Rhythm Nation songbird since early April last year.
Janet, who turns 51 May 16, stunned fans by suddenly announcing she was indefinitely postponing her
Unbreakable World Tour because she was “planning” a family with her third husband, Wissam Al Mana, 42, a billionaire businessman from the Arab nation of Qatar.
PHOTOS:Pregnant At 50! Janet Jackson Debuts Her Baby Bump
The revelation was especially stunning because fans thought at age 50, Janet’s biological clock had stopped ticking.
Asks another critic, “You have to wonder if she and ­Wissam used a surrogate to carry his child, conceived using a donor egg?
“Or did they secretly adopt? This child certainly doesn’t look like Janet’s.”
PHOTOS: Inside Janet Jackson & James DeBarge’s Secret Love Child Scandal In 15 Clicks
Just weeks after Eissa’s Jan. 3 arrival, Janet shockingly announced she and Wissam were splitting — even as he posted a heartfelt message: “To the most beautiful person in the world. I love you so much!”
Sources claim Wissam wanted a more traditional Muslim wife, while Janet wanted her pop-star freedom.
The couple’s Their prenup reportedly stated there would be a substantial payout only if the marriage lasted five years.
They wed in early 2012 — so they were together more than five years.
Now, with the shocking photo of Eissa, Janet’s facing an outcry that the boy isn’t her biological son.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n