O.J.'s Nightmare! Simpson Fears Oscar Winning Film Could Tank Parole Bid/n
O.J. Simpson is not a fan of the Oscar-winning documentary about his life, RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned. In fact, according to an insider, he thinks that OJ: Made In America could keep him behind bars!
“O.J. is freaking out over the Academy Award because it may ruin his chances for parole,” his former longtime manager, Norman Pardo, told Radar.
As Radar reported, the 69-year-old is caged at Nevada’s Lovelock Correctional Center, but may soon be free after serving nine years of a 33-year sentence for a botched armed robbery in 2008.
Simpson has opposed a series of new docudramas about him and the notorious 1994 murder of his ex-wife Nicole Brown and her friend, Ron Goldman.
But he was especially concerned about the nearly eight-hour, ESPN-produced series, which just nabbed the Oscar for Best Documentary Feature, according to insiders.
PHOTOS: O.J.’s (NSFW) Trail Of Destruction: Simpson ‘Meth’ Addicted Ex In Sex Tape Bombshell
Vernon Nelson, his ex-cellmate at Lovelock, exclusively told Radar that Simpson even begged the warden and the administration “not to air the documentary because he didn’t want his shameful past broadcast to the other prisoners.”
The juice complained he felt like the “biggest prostitute in town” because everyone was “making money” off his sad-sack life while he sat behind bars unable to cash in on the bonanza, Nelson said.
Simpson also cried foul against the Emmy Award-winning TV miniseries, The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story, because he didn’t like the actor who portrayed him — Cuba Gooding Jr.
“They should’ve picked a better person to play me!” he grumbled, according to Nelson, who is now writing a tell-all book about O.J.’s life behind bars.
As Radar reported, even before the TV drama aired, O.J. was hoping producers would cast strapping Oscar winner Denzel Washington to portray him on the small screen. But no such luck!
The parole hearing is scheduled to begin on July 3.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n