The Internet Rallies Around Homeless Heroes Who Acted Selflessly Following The Bombing At Ariana Grande's Manchester Concert/n

What an inspiration.
Now, the 22 deaths and countless injuries caused by the bombing at Ariana Grande's concert may've altered your faith in humanity, but just wait until you hear about the selfless homeless men who rushed to help victims following the attack. As we previously reported, numerous Arianators lost their lives after an explosive device was detonated at the Manchester Arena on Monday evening.
Related: Ariana Offers To Pay For Bombing Victims' Funeral Expenses
Of course, as the music venue descended into chaos many people fled the scene — but not everyone. In fact, several people rushed to help the countless youngsters injured in the attack. One of these heroes was a 35-year-old homeless man, named Stephen Jones, who detailed (below) to ITV News the carnage he witnessed following the explosion. 

'We had to pull nails out of children's faces': Steve, a homeless man who was sleeping near #Manchester Arena, rushed to help young victims pic.twitter.com/dyxzZpal0Q
— ITV News (@itvnews) May 23, 2017
Obviously, Jones' story moved people online as several followers praised Stephen as a hero for his apparent selflessness. Stephen's new fans even took to Twitter and noted:

@itvnews it's often the people with the least that tend to offer the most. I hope this man receives the help and support that he deserves.
— Dharma Bhagalia (@Kloppholic) May 23, 2017

Thousands probably walk past him every day and offer him no help yet he still offered it to others. Change this mans life, he deserves it https://t.co/3TenUZgrcz
— Josh Waters (@JoshWaters2410) May 23, 2017


Not all heroes wear a cape. Or have a home. Or get treated like human beings. https://t.co/ngP40AjOP0
— barney farmer (@barneyfarmer) May 23, 2017


As I've often said homeless NOT worthless #ManchersterArena 💋🌹 https://t.co/HTCc3Z1EJd
— Eve Irving/❤️ (@EveIrving69) May 23, 2017
Not to mention, in addition to praise, internet users inspired by Stephen's actions have set up several crowdsourcing pages to help get him out of homelessness. While writing this post, one fundraising effort had already collected £34,636 in donations. Whoa!
It's said it was West Ham co-chairman David Sullivan's son who tracked down Stephen — where he offered to pay six months of the man's rent.

WE HAVE FOUND STEVE ! Shows the power for good social media has. Thank you to all those involved, you have helped change a mans life ❤️
— DAVE SULLIVAN JNR (@DaveSulley) May 23, 2017
We can't say we're surprised to see that the internet has rallied behind Jones as one Twitter user perfectly put it:
"Steve didn't think twice about helping another human."
However, Stephen isn't the only homeless hero people are praising online as 33-year-old Chris Parker is also being celebrated for his brave response. Apparently, Parker was begging near the foyer of the arena when the explosion went off. Rather than run from the scene, Chris attempted to help a little girl and a woman in her 60s. Sadly, according to Chris, the older woman passed away in his arms.
Parker shared in an interview:
"Everyone was piling out, all happy and everything else. As people were coming out of the glass doors I heard a bang and within a split second I saw a white flash, then smoke and then I heard screaming. It knocked me to the floor and then I got up and instead of running away my gut instinct was to run back and try and help."
Like with Stephen, internet users have applauded (below) Chris for his bravery and launched a fundraising campaign in his name.

The homeless man who ran to help, who cradled a woman who died in his arms, that's who we should aspire to be
He has nothing & gave his all.
— nickyclark (@MrsNickyClark) May 23, 2017


chris parker, a man who had nothing, but gave all. a hero. thank you for being so kind. pic.twitter.com/ceLnkKlNdy
— ivone 8 & 9 (@likethisniall) May 23, 2017
In fact, all of this attention surrounding Chris' heroic deeds has helped his estranged mother learn the whereabouts of her son. Jessica Parker took to Facebook and wrote:

Tissues, anyone?? Folks have since flooded her post with messages of support. Amazing.
Although we wish this tragedy never occurred, we're glad to see exceptional actions shine.
[Image via Gofundme.com/ITV News.]
/n