Listen To The Audio Of Hillary Clinton 'Laughing Off' Rape Accuser/n
An audio recording of Hillary Clinton allegedly laughing off a woman who claims to have been raped as a child is making waves across the internet.
Kathy Shelton claims she was 12 years old when she was on the side of a rural Arkansas road.
Shelton, 54, says it was a 41-year-old factory worker named Thomas Alfred Taylor who raped her in 1975. At the time, Clinton worked as a defense lawyer for Taylor, who pleaded “unlawful fondling of a minor” and “served less than a year in prison after Clinton was able to block the admission of forensic evidence that linked her client to the crime,” The Daily Mail reported.
PHOTOS: Obama’s Half-Brother SLAMS System & Supports Trump After Hillary Clinton Email Leak
Taylor was unable to afford an attorney and asked the judge to appoint a female attorney to represent him. Clinton was chosen.
A shocking interview reveals Clinton might have laughed off the case. Recorded in the 1980s, the interview with Arkansas journalist Roy Reed has Clinton saying, “Do you remember that case where I represented that guy? It was a fascinating case. […] The guy was accused of raping a 12-year-old girl. Of course he claimed that he didn’t. All this stuff. He took a lie detector test. I had him take a polygraph, which he passed, which forever destroyed my faith in polygraphs.” She then sounds as if she chuckles.
Taylor ended up taking a plea deal with time served in county jail.
PHOTOS: Revenge! Donald Trump Fighting Back Against Hillary Clinton’s Smear Campaign
“I heard you on tape laughing,” Shelton told The Daily Mail. “I just want to know, you’ve got a daughter and a grandbaby. What happens if that daughter of yours, if that would have been her [who was assaulted at age 12]?”
Donald Trump brought Shelton with him to Sunday night’s second presidential debate along with others who have accused Bill Clinton of rape.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n