Former ‘Bachelorette’ Contestant Michael Nance Dead at 31/n





                    Rachel Lindsay Is the Next 'Bachelorette'
                







Everything about this is a yes.

 MORE >>





It’s a sad day in the Bachelor Nation.

Michael Nance, who competed for Emily Maynard’s affections on Season 8 of The Bachelorette, was found dead in Austin, Texas early Monday morning (May 29, 2017). He was 31.
According to the Austin Police Department Homicide Unit, police were dispatched around 2:10 a.m. in regards to a call about an unresponsive male. Nance was pronounced dead at 2:54 a.m.
“At this point it is not a suspicious death and the manner will be determined by the medical examiner,” a spokesperson for the Austin police said.


gone too soon: celebrities who died before their time








































17 Photos »


Since news of the tragedy, many Bachelor and Bachelorette contestants took to social media to pay tribute.
Maynard, who sent Nance home mid-season in 2012, spoke out about the passing. “So sad waking up to the news about Michael Nance,” she tweeted Tuesday. “Such a kind heart with so much talent. Sending prayers and love to his family and friends.”
So sad waking up to the news about Michael Nance. Such a kind heart with so much talent. Sending prayers and love to his family and friends.
— Emily MaynardJohnson (@EmilyMaynard) May 30, 2017

Fellow Bachelorette contestant Chris Bukowski also took to Twitter to share his grief, writing, “Extremely difficult learning the news of Michael Nance’s passing. He was a gentle man with a huge heart. He’ll be missed but not forgotten.”

Extremely difficult learning the news of Michael Nance’s passing. He was a gentle man with a huge heart. He’ll be missed but not forgotten.
— Chris Bukowski (@chrisjbukowski) May 30, 2017


Former Bachelor Sean Lowe shared his condolences, tweeting, “My heart breaks to hear about the passing of my friend Michael Nance. He was a sweet man with a kind soul. We all loved him on Bachelorette.”
My heart breaks to hear about the passing of my friend Michael Nance. He was a sweet man with a kind soul. We all loved him on Bachelorette.
— Sean Lowe (@SeanLowe09) May 30, 2017

Though the cause of death has yet to be determined, Arie Luyendyk Jr. wrote about Nance’s previous addiction in his tribute to late reality star. (Nance previously struggled with abusing prescription painkillers, according to his introduction package on The Bachelorette.)
“I will always remember my friend Michael Nance for his kind and fragile soul,” he wrote. “Addiction is a terrible disease, may he finally find peace.”

I will always remember my friend Micheal Nance for his kind and fragile soul. Addiction is a terrible disease, may he finally find peace.
— Arie Luyendyk Jr. (@ariejr) May 30, 2017


/n