Melania Trump Defends Husband Donald Trump, Says He Was ‘Egged On’ to Say Lewd Comments/n





                    Melania Trump Speaks Out After Donald Trump Audio Leaks
                







24 hours after the Donald Trump and Billy Bush audio leaks, Melania Trump finally speaks out on the issue

 MORE >>





Melania Trump is now speaking up to defend her husband, Donald Trump, against the backlash the Republican presidential nominee has received of late, especially with regards to the 2005 audio of him saying lewd things about women to Access Hollywood’s Billy Bush.

Speaking with CNN’s Anderson Cooper in her first televised sit-down interview, Melania said Trump was “egged on” to make those comments about his own sexually aggressive behavior, remarks she called “boy talk.”
She said, “I said to my husband that, you know, the language was inappropriate. It’s not acceptable. And I was surprised, because that is not the man that I know. And as you can see from the tape, the cameras were not on — it was only a mic. And I wonder if they even knew that the mic was on.”
Melania said that she had never heard her husband speak the way that she did with Bush on his bus. “I heard many different stuff — boys talk,” she said. “The boys, the way they talk when they grow up and they want to sometimes show each other, ‘Oh, this and that’ and talking about the girls. But yes, I was surprised, of course.”
Still, Trump’s wife defended his outspokenness to Cooper. “He’s raw,” said Melania. “He will say it as he feels it. So you know, I know he respects women. But he’s defending himself because they’re lies.” She joked about him behaving like a manchild. “Sometimes I say I have two boys at home — I have my young son and I have my husband. But I know how some men talk, and that’s how I saw it, yes,” she said.
Like her husband, Melania critiqued the media for skewing the election out of Trump’s favor, with an emphasis on People magazine after Natasha Stoynoff said that he made unwanted advances on her while they worked on a story about his anniversary together.
“I didn’t expect media would be so dishonest and so mean. I didn’t expect that,” said Melania. “Also for me, from the beginning, I never had one correct story — one honest story.”
Watch Cooper’s interview with Melania here.


Melania Trump Delivers Speech at the Republican National Convention








































6 Photos »


Melania also spoke with FOX News’ Ainsley Earhardt in the morning (via Variety). In that interview, she also defended her husband’s attacks on Bill Clinton‘s past, including Donald bringing Clinton’s sexual assault accusers to the last town hall presidential debate.
“They’re asking for it. They started. They started from the — from the beginning of the campaign putting my — my picture from modeling days. That was my modeling days and I’m proud what I did. I worked very hard.”
“I — this is not the man that I know,” Mrs. Trump stated. “This is — we could see, as I always said, as my husband said, as well, for a successful businessman, entrepreneur, entertainer to achieving so much in his life, being in so many shows, so many tapes, it’s very hard to run for public office. And he did this anyway. He said, I want to help American people. I want to keep America safe. I want to bring back jobs, bring back economy, so our children, our futures will be the best way possible.”
In the meantime, once again enjoy this hilarious SNL spoof of Beyoncé‘s “Sorry” video, with Cecily Strong playing Melania and host Emily Blunt playing Trump’s beleaguered daughter, Ivanka Trump.





/n