Jay Z's Alleged Love Child: 'I Will Not Stop Until Justice Is Served!'/n
Jay Z‘s alleged love child, Rymir Satterthwaite, has taken his paternity case against the 46-year-old rapper to federal court.
In a shocking new interview, Satterthwaite told RadarOnline.com exclusively, “I will not stop until justice is served in court. Everybody deserves a fair due process in a court of law.”
Satterthwaite, 22, and his attorneys demand that the federal court take action in the ongoing case, which they insist is riddled with fraud, corruption and collusion.
PHOTOS: Legitimate Son? Jay Z & Alleged Love Child Are Almost ‘Identical,’ Doctor Says — 10 Pics Of Their ‘Similar’ Features
Recently, the Family Civil Liberties Union (FCLU) championed the case, alleging that Jay Z’s lawyers conspired with workers inside their local court system to withhold essential documents to the petitioners counsel.
Accordingly, Satterthwaite has filed a Notice of Federal Younger Doctrine in the Superior Court of New Jersey, asserting that local dereliction of duty has amounted to a violation of his constitutional rights.
A press release from FCLU stated: “Family Civil Liberties Union supports Rymir Satterthwaite’s challenge to the family court and defense attorneys of Shawn Corey Carter in New Jersey. Parties are coming together to take stand against alleged fraud and corruption and possible violation of the 14th amendment.”
As Radar reported, Satterthwaite – along with his guardian and God mother, Lillie Collie, have been fighting the system since 2011 to try and force the media mogul to take a paternity test. They claim he slept with Satterthwaite’s mom, Wanda, years ago.
PHOTOS: BABY DADDY DRAMA! Who’s Their Daddy? 22 Celebrity Paternity Scandals
“You have to go by what you believe is the truth and the truth in this case is undeniable,” Collie previously told Radar. “Rymir not only looks identical to Jay Z, but he really, really looks a lot like Jay Z’s mother, who is Rymir’s grandmother. Unfortunately, for Rymir, he has an entire family that he will never be able to know.”
But Satterthwaite told Radar, “This is not just about paternity, it is about the court system doing what is right, instead of being persuaded by power.”
“For the past six years me, my godmother, my mother and my entire family have been fighting really, really hard against very, very strong opposition,” he said.
“All we have been trying to do this entire time is to seek the truth and have justice served in court.”
Story developing. /n