Lamar Odom Blasts Stephen A. Smith, How Dare You Mock Crack Addiction?!/nLamar Odom ﻿is FURIOUS at Stephen A. Smith -- and unleashed his lawyer to tear the ESPN star a new one for mocking his crack addiction on the air. Odom's pissed at a segment from Wednesday's  "First Take " -- when Smith was ripping NY Knicks president Phil Jackson for running the team into the ground and brought up the time he signed Odom.   "His very first move as executive was to sign Lamar Odom ... WHO WAS ON CRACK, " Smith said on air. The clip went viral.   Now, Odom's attorney, Saam Zangeneh, has fired off a letter to ESPN saying,  "Mr. Smith chose to jokingly disparage Lamar for a having a disease. "  "Mr. Smith chose to shout out the fact that Lamar was sick, and to use his disease as the butt of a joke. "  "To say that his conduct was outrageous and unacceptable does not scratch the surface. "  "Imagine the effect this grotesque statement would have on any young athlete who is privately fighting this disease. To become the punch line of a vulgar joke. " Zangeneh continued,  "We hope those at ESPN will actively voice their disdain for Mr. Smith's inappropriate statement and take the proper action to support those that are fighting this disease. "  "We should hope that your network would use this situation as an opportunity to become more actively involved in this cause. "  Stephen A. Smith released the following statement through ESPN:  "Because of my personal affection for Lamar Odom -- and only for that reason -- I want to return to my comments about something I've repeated quite often over the last few days: the flagrant ineptitude that I feel has been on continual display by New York Knick's President Phil Jackson.  My comments were NOT to put any more focus on Lamar Odom's much publicized drug use and addiction. He was not the target of my ire.    The sole focus of my comments were directed at the unmitigated disaster that Phil Jackson has created since he's arrived in New York. In my opinion, he simply couldn't leave soon enough. Lamar Odom is simply one of the nicest athletes any of us have encountered, and has always been a gentlemen to everyone in NBA circles -- including me -- which is something I've repeated throughout the years.  That's why it's worth repeating: Lamar Odom was not the focus of my ire. My comments were entirely, totally, meant for Phil Jackson. Anyone who loves the NY Knicks, who've witnessed what has been transpiring over the last three years, know exactly who I was directing my comments to. And Why! "/n