Reese Witherspoon and Lookalike Daughter Ava Phillippe Model Her Latest Draper James x Net-a-Porter Collection
/n
By now, it’s a well-established fact that Ava Phillippe is the spitting image of her mother Reese Witherspoon. In fact, the genetics run so strong in that family it can sometimes be difficult to tell which one is which. But this pair aren’t just blessed with good looks, they’re also blessed with great style. Something that becomes abundantly clear if you’ve ever seen Reese grace the red carpet or Ava attending any number of Chanel events, but also if you’ve ever seen the super cute, southern-tinged designs the actress creates for her own brand Draper James. And now, Reese is bringing her wares to an all-new clientele, offering up some slightly pricier pieces in a capsule collection for Net-a-Porter, and throwing a star-studded bash to celebrate.
The Legally Blonde star launched her latest line, full of bright florals, fun flamingos, gingham, and all the pieces you need to get you through the summer with ease, in Beverly Hills on Tuesday and to celebrate, Reese posted a photo of herself with her daughter on Instagram wearing two of her designs. The Oscar-winner wore a simple white sheath dress from the collection with a smattering of organza flowers and clusters of beading. Ava, on the other hand, opted for the turquoise and pink gingham Dolly dress, a cold-shoulder silk maxi with a ruffle overlay along the bust and tied wish a sash at the waist.
FROM COINAGE: The Crazy Cost of a Lifetime of Beauty

RELATED PHOTOS: A Family Affair: Reese Witherspoon Brings 2 of Her Kids Along on the Red Carpet
Stefanie Keenan/Getty
A large number of Reese’s A-list friends were also in attendance, wearing her latest designs, naturally. Like Jennifer Garner who showed up to support her friend wearing an easy-breezy cocktail dress practically made for a summer luau, covered in a yellow, pink, blue, and green pineapple print with V-shaped straps and an A-line skirt. A few other celebs also came to toast the Big Little Lies‘s star’s new collection, including Chelsea Handler, Molly Sims, Camila Alves, Ali Larter, Rachel Zoe and Louise Roe. With so many stars already vying to get a piece from this collection, if you want to get one of the dresses for yourself, as Reese might say, y’all hurry up now.
What do you think of Reese’s new line? Which piece is your favorite? Sound off below!
/n