WATCH: Ellen DeGeneres Points Out the Irony in Donald Trump Screening ‘Finding Dory’ After Ordering the Travel Ban/n





                    WATCH: Ellen DeGeneres Receives Presidential Medal of Freedom from Barack Obama
                







Yay, Ellen!

 MORE >>





Ellen DeGeneres finds it kind of funny that, out of all of the films in existence, President Donald Trump decided to screen Finding Dory one day after he issued an executive order that bans refugees and visitors from seven predominantly Muslim countries from entering the United States.

In a clip from an episode of Ellen that will air on Tuesday (Jan. 31, 2017), DeGeneres commits to addressing Trump’s first presidential movie screening without getting political. DeGeneres, who voices Dory, recounts plot points from the film that address real issues surrounding immigration.
In Finding Dory, Dory and her friends, Marlin and Nemo, find themselves stuck behind a giant wall when they arrive at America’s entryway after traveling there from Australia.
“They all have to get over the wall and you won’t believe it, but that wall has almost no effect in keeping ‘em out,” says DeGeneres, alluding to the wall between Mexico and America that Trump is planning to build.


	Ellen DeGeneres Surprises Dwayne Johnson with 'Sexiest Man Alive' Title








































7 Photos »


DeGeneres goes on to describe the how several animals help bring Dory into America to be with her parents.
“Animals that don’t even need her. Animals that don’t have anything in common with her,” DeGeneres continues. “They help her, even though they’re completely different colors. Because that’s what you do when you see someone in need — you help them.”
The Huffington Post points out that DeGeneres’s Finding Dory co-star Albert Brooks made a similar point about the film on Twitter.


Odd that Trump is watching Finding Dory today, a movie about reuniting with family when he's preventing it in real life.
— Albert Brooks (@AlbertBrooks) January 29, 2017

Watch the clip in the video at the top of the page.
/n