WATCH: Here’s the Trailer for Kristen Stewart, Blake Lively and Jesse Eisenberg’s New Movie, ‘Cafe Society’/n





                    Kristen Stewart Arrives in Nice, France for Cannes Film Festival After Stepping Out with Rumored Ex Alicia Cargile
                







K-Stew has landed

 MORE >>





The trailer and plot details for K-Stew, Blake Lively and Jesse Eisenberg’s new flick Café Society are here.

Café Society, Woody Allen’s latest directorial project, is set in the 1930s but tells the timeless story about a romance. And as with any love story, romance (or life for that matter) does not come easy.


Kristen Stewart and Jesse Eisenberg Film Woody Allen's 'Cafe Society' in California	








































35 Photos »


Eisenberg stars as Bronx-born Bobby Dorfman and follows him as he moves “to Hollywood, where he falls in love, and back to New York, where he is swept up in the vibrant world of high society nightclub life.”
According to the Amazon Studios and Lionsgate press release:
Centering on events in the lives of Bobby’s colorful Bronx family, the film is a glittering valentine to the movie stars, socialites, playboys, debutantes, politicians, and gangsters who epitomized the excitement and glamour of the age.
The studio also included more explicit plot details for the first time:
Seeking more out of life, Bobby flees his father’s jewelry store for Hollywood, where he works for his high-powered agent uncle Phil (Steve Carell). He soon falls for Phil’s charming assistant Vonnie (Stewart), but as she’s involved with another man, he settles for friendship. Bobby also befriends Rad (Parker Posey), a model agency owner, and her husband Steve (Paul Schneider), a wealthy producer.
When Vonnie’s boyfriend breaks up with her, Bobby seizes the opportunity to romance her, and she ultimately returns his affections. When he asks her to marry him and move to New York, she is tempted, but things do not go as smoothly as planned…
Enter Veronica (Lively)…
Café Society’s world premiere is on May 11, the opening night of the 69th Cannes Film Festival.
For the sake of avoiding spoilers, catch Café Society when it’s released on July 15 and watch the trailer above!


Kristen Stewart and Jesse Eisenberg Kiss on Set of Woody Allen's Untitled Project in Los Angeles	








































11 Photos »


/n