‘It’s Been a Long Time Coming’: Pal Speaks On Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher’s Romantic Getaway!/n





                    Mila's Sexiest Looks
                







Check out Ms. Kunis' best styles.

 MORE >>










                    Mila & Ashton Dating?
                







Kunis' rep denies romance rumors

 MORE >>





 Hollywood is asking: are Mila Kunis and Ashton Kutcher taking their friendship to the next level?
The That 70’s Show costars spent three night’s together over the weekend in Carpinteria, Calif. — an oceanside town, south of Santa Barbara. PEOPLE reports Kutcher, 34, and Kunis, 28, drove from Los Angeles to their quiet getaway location on April 19 and spent most of their time dining on sushi and shopping for fruit and flowers.
Now, speaking to Celebuzz, a friend of the pair reveals that this fledgling new romance has been “a long time coming.”

“They have been close friends for years and there has always been a lot of chemistry,” the pal, who did not want to be identified, told Celebuzz.
“Whenever they are in between relationships, or aren’t seriously dating anyone, they tend to spend more time together.”
The source cautioned, however, that neither is ready for a serious commitment. “But at the end of the day, they are great friends and have a lot of fun together,” the insider added.
After photos emerged of the duo on a sushi dinner date in Studio City, Calif., on April 15, a rep for the Friends with Benefits star denied they were a couple, insisting to Celebuzz: “They are not dating.”
Both their reps have so far been silent on this most recent encounter.
The Two and a Half Men star and wife Demi Moore announced they were divorcing in November 2011. Since, he was linked to screenwriter Lorene Scafaria and pop star Rihanna. Kunis dated Macaulay Culkin, 31, for nearly eight years and was also linked to her Friends With Benefits costar Justin Timberlake during his split with Jessica Biel.
What do you think? Do the K’s — Kutcher and Kunis — make a cute couple?
/n