would not get away with this hoax in the flow of information today." True. Depressing, but true. Because even when someone does get away with it—J.T. LeRoy or James Frey—somehow it's not as exciting. Think about it. We still don&#x.../n
This is my approach to press junkets: I'll set my alarm and eat the complimentary eggs and bacon if the movie is worth it. Richard Gere, Marcia Gay Harden and Alfred Molina are so great in The Hoax that I woke up before the alarm clock went off. Whoa.

Based on a true story, Hoax is about Clifford Irving, a writer who claimed to be penning Howard Hughes' authorized biography and snookered the publishing industry for $1 million bucks. It's a thrilling, intelligent buddy comedy and so much more. Alfred Molina better snag a nomination for Best Supporting Actor in '08. So, here's what I learned on my day at the Four Seasons.Ten a.m. Is Too Early for Sex but Not for Philosophy:  The junket got off to a fun start. A reporter asked something about seduction, to which Gere chuckled that it might be too early in the morning to talk about that. Then he spouted off all this: "There's nothing here right now. There's energy. There's not a table. Because we have a sight organ, we see things in terms of shapes. We see the appearance of objects and sights and sounds. We live with this constantly, with the false universe that we take to be true." Um, okay. I Would Like to Hang Out with Lasse Hallström:  The director just gets it. Hoax was almost depressing for me because it made the ‘70s seem like so much fun. The world before MySpace, people actually running around and telling their lies in person. Cool, you know? Hallström agreed, "You would not get away with this hoax in the flow of information today." True. Depressing, but true. Because even when someone does get away with it—J.T. LeRoy or James Frey—somehow it's not as exciting. Think about it. We still don't have an adaptation of A Million Little Pieces. I talked to an exec about this a couple of months ago. He said it's because the story isn't easily adapted. How do you dramatize a man alone at his computer? Good point. 

Oscar-Winning Actresses Are Flirty Chicks, Too:  Marcia Gay Harden told a hysterical story about the first time she and Gere met the day they started shooting. She walked up to him and introduced him to her tits, in her German accent. No, seriously. And that kind of energy translates. She was so likeable, dipping into her accent every now and then, talking about what a hippie she is. Very pleasant. Good junket doer, that Marcia Gay.

Good Movies Do Too Come Out in March:  Screenwriter Bill Wheeler had a good angle on the whole "Why is this movie only coming out now, instead of Oscar season?" dilemma. He said that in December, it was crazy, what with stuff like Babel and The Departed coming out within weeks. And so it's actually good that Hoax was delayed, because now it has a stronger chance to grow. And it gives people something fun and smart to do in March. I am almost wholly convinced he was being sincere!Richard Gere Hates Information:  And it's no wonder. Hey, he's been dodging an urban legend for most of his adult life.Sure, he gets riled when he talks about George Bush and Buddhism, but you should have heard the tone of is voice when I asked him about life in the Age of Information: "Well, I don't think people are really fooled," he said. "There's definitely more information. That doesn't mean that it's true. I think everyone is a little skeptical about it. It's just volume. It's an important thing about our world. To understand the volume of information. It doesn't mean that it's true. [a beat] Or intimately meaningful." If he and Tom Cruise show up on Capitol Hill lobbying for the destruction of the World Wide Web, I wouldn't be all that shocked.
/n