‘The Mistle-Tones’ Star Tori Spelling Admits, ‘I Had a Little Help’ From the Auto Tune Department (Q&A)/n





                    Tori Talks Family 
                







Spelling says she's content with her four kids.

 MORE >>










                    ABC Family Midseason
                







The network announces 2013 show return dates.

 MORE >>





Tori Spelling swears she did her own singing for the ABC Family TV movie, The Mistle-Tones, in which she plays a singer battling Tia Mowry-Hardrict’s character for Christmas singing group supremacy. But, Spelling does admit she had an assist from the auto-tune department.
“They enhanced things, so I had a little help,” she told Celebuzz.
The 39-year-old actress and reality star has had a tumultuous year. Not only did she give birth to her fourth child, Finn, a scant 10 months after Hattie her third was born, but also she suffered from placenta previa (a relatively rare condition in which the placenta covers the opening of the cervix) during the pregnancy.
With all that behind her, Celebuzz spoke with the Beverly Hills, 90210 alum about her relationship with her fans, her love for crafting and coming around to loving (and branding) her name.
Celebuzz: Tell us about why you launched the website, ediTORIal.
 Tori Spelling: Our fans (of Home Sweet Hollywood) were so loyal and dedicated to our show and right now it’s kind of in limbo. We’re not filming. I don’t know what’s going to happen, but all the fans who have become like friends to me. I’m on social media daily with them and they were like, ‘What’s going on in your life? We want to see the kids.’ So, I decided I could wait for a network to give me the green light or I could go ahead and take matters into my own hands. So, on my website I decided to kind of reinvent reality and truly give them our home movies. We’re giving them mini episodes and it’s stuff we either film with our iPhones or flip cams.
 

It's Tia Mowry vs. Tori Spelling Star on Abc family's 'The mistle-ToNes'








































17 Photos »


CB: Have you ever had fans over for dinner?
 TS: No! Now, I’m trying to think of names to give that. That would be fantastic! Oh my gosh, that would be amazing. I could do a dinner party and then they could come over.
CB: What happens if Liam turns around in five years and says he doesn’t want his home movies online?
 TS: That’s a no brainer. The kids come first. Whatever they want. And if they choose to not be a part of this, then that’s fine with me. I’m fine scooping them all up and moving out of state, going somewhere and having a simple life on a farm. That would be really great for me. Right now what we do in our house is something I can control. I think it’s relatable, I think it’s what other mothers are going through. What I can’t control is when we leave our house and the people out there who take the pictures and the video and go with their own stories. I try to put our story out there to combat that.
CB: We love how you incorporate your name into your projects like your books sTORI Telling and celebraTORI.
 TS: Tori’s the best name ever! When I was little, I used to think it was such a weird name. [I thought,] ‘Why can’t I just be a Jennifer, the cool girls are named Jennifer.’ And now, I’m like Tori is such a rad name. There’s so many possibilities with it.
 

tori and dean's new son, Finn








































6 Photos »


CB: You are a crafting queen. What’s your holiday crafting tip?
 TS:I’m obsessed with glue dots. My kids are like, ‘Let’s craft!’ And the glue goes everywhere, so now we use glue dots. Glue dots have saved our butt.
The Mistle-Tones premieres Sunday at 8 PM on ABC Family.
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n