Sailor Gutzler Isn't the Only Sole Survivor of a Plane Crash: Other Miraculous Stories/n
Sailor Gutzler captured the attention of the world last Friday when she did the unthinkable.  
The 7-year-old walked away alone from the wreckage of a plane crash that killed her entire family, making her way through the cold and dark Kentucky woods to get help.  
But she’s not the first sole survivor of a plane crash. Sailor joins a very small group of lucky souls who made it out alive – and alone.   
Among them is Cecelia Crocker (born Cecelia Cichan), who was just 4 years old when Northwest Airlines flight 255 crashed outside Detroit Metro Airport minutes after taking off.   
Now 31, Crocker – who has a plane tattooed on her wrist in memory of the accident – says she thinks about the tragedy every day.  
“It’s kind of hard not to think about it when I look in the mirror,” she said in the 2013 documentary Sole Survivor. “I have visual scars. My arms and my legs. And I have a scar on my forehead.”  
It’s believed Crocker’s mother Paula shielded her daughter in the crash, and that s what saved her. Still, Crocker has admitted that she’s wracked with guilt.   
“Why didn’t my brother survive?” she said. “Why didn’t anybody? Why me?”  
On the other hand, 20-year-old Austin Hatch, who survived not one but two plane crashes, refuses to feel sorry for himself.  
“The time you could spend wondering ‘Why me?’ is the time you could have spent working your tail off to get better,” he said in a Today show interview in August.  
The first crash, in 2003, killed his mother, older sister and younger brother, while the second, in 2011, claimed the lives of his father and stepmother, leaving Hatch an orphan. He barely made it out of the second one alive.  
Nowadays, however, he’s living his dream, playing basketball for the University of Michigan. (He just scored his first regular season point in December!) But when times are tough, Hatch looks to his late father for guidance.  
“When I face a difficult situation, I can hear my dad guiding me,” he told the Today show. “That’s really all I strived to do… to honor him with my life.”   
/n