That's A Bad Look! Shahs Of Sunset Star Lilly Sued For Ripping Off Makeup Line/n
Shahs of Sunset star Lilly Ghalichi is getting the brush off from a makeup company that claims she’s purposely copying them!
RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned the Artis brush company has sued Ghalichi, accusing her of creating cheap knockoff brushes that are much to similar to theirs.
According to documents obtained by Radar, Artis claims Ghalichi tried and failed to partner with them back in 2016. Sometime after that, she started offering her own brushes. Ghalichi’s wares closely resemble Artis products, and the makeup company claims it’s NOT a coincidence.
“The Defendants’ brushes bear a substantial degree of similarity to the Artis Design Patents, such that an ordinary observer would be deceived by the resemblance of the Plaintiff’s and Defendants’ brush designs,” the suit alleges.
Not only that, but Ghalichi is accused of even using similar advertising tactics to hawk her alleged knockoffs.
READ The Explosive Complaint
“Defendants’ packaging uses the Artis Marks and language directly from Artis’ marketing materials and states, ‘Artis brushes are made exclusively with CosmeFibre, a revolutionary engineered fibre made for applying cosmetic and makeup products,'” according to the papers.
“This sentence is prominently displayed throughout Artis’ marketing and was copied by Defendants with, upon information and belief, the intent to mislead consumers into believing there was an affiliation between Defendants’ products and Artis.”
Indeed, Artis representatives say they have been contacted by at least one confused consumer who mixed up the two brushes.
PHOTOS: Real Housewives, Real Scandals: 28 Of The Biggest Scandals To Hit The Bravo Franchise
The company believes Ghalichi is trying to make a quick buck off their reputation, and trying to trick consumers.
Artis bills itself as “the Rolls-Royce of makeup brushes,” and have been featured in magazines like Forbes, Vogue, Cosmopolitan, and Harper’s Bazaar.
They are suing for all profits made from her website sales and an injunction ordering her to cease her actions.
Story developing.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n