The End Is Near! Kim & Kanye Leading ‘Completely Separate’ Lives/n
Kim Kardashian is fed up with Kanye West, and a source told RadarOnline.com that the tension has gotten so bad, they are leading completely separate lives!
After West was spotted apartment-hunting in NYC and meeting up with president-elect Donald Trump, a source told Radar that Kardashian is telling friends he has become “a completely different person than the man that she married!”
MUST-SEE PHOTOS: Kanye West Meets With Donald Trump After Major Meltdown
“Kim did not want to go to New York because she has two kids to take care of at home. Of course him leaving ticked her off because she already feels like he does not always hold up his end of the bargain with the parental responsibilities,” a Kardashian family insider told Radar.
“They are not seriously talking divorce yet, but they are definitely leading completely separate lives at the moment because Kim cannot stand to be around Kanye like this,” the insider added.
The father of North, 2, and Saint West, 1, was released just last week from UCLA Medical Center where he was being held on an involuntary psychiatric hold after suffering a mental breakdown at his trainer’s house in West Hollywood, Calif. And the insider said Kardashian has reached her limit.
“Kanye’s erratic behavior is just too much for Kim to handle right now,” said the source, adding, “Kim can’t even communicate with her husband when he is in this state of mind. At this point it is just sad.”
But it is not only Kardashian’s famous siblings that are advising her so stay clear of her husband right now – it is her doctors as well!
PHOTOS: FIGHT NIGHT! Lawsuits, Abusive Tweets & Worse! Kanye West’s Most FIERY Feuds Ever Revealed
As previously reported, just one month prior to West’s mental meltdown in L.A., the KUWTK beauty suffered her own mini-meltdown after being robbed of $4.5 million in jewels at gunpoint in Paris.
“Kim’s therapist and her psychiatrist told her that it is really not healthy for her to be around Kanye like this,” the source claimed. “She said they believe that it is not at all conducive to her own recovery process.”
Do you think that Kim Kardashian should divorce Kanye West? Tell us your thoughts below.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n