Hot Felon's Wife Melissa Meeks Slams Chloe Green Wants Divorce!/n
‘Hot felon’ Jeremy Meeks wife wants a divorce after his high profile affair with billionaire Chloe Green, it has been revealed.
In an exclusive interview with The Mail On Sunday devastated Melissa Meeks has opened up about her heartbreak.
She was left shocked when photographs emerged of her husband kissing Top Shop heiress Chloe on a swanky yacht in the South Of France.
PHOTOS: Delusional! J.Lo Standing By A-Rod As Cheating Scandal Explodes
Mother-of three Melissa, 38, has revealed that she had no idea that her infamous 33-year-old husband was embarking on his tryst, so, the images came as a real hammer blow to the woman who has stuck by him through good and bad times.
And his actions now could end their 8 years marriage as she’s calling for a divorce from Meeks.
She said: “I know it takes two to tango but she knew he was married. To me, that’s unforgivable. My whole world has been torn apart by this. What do I tell our children? My heart is broken.
PHOTOS: Gavin Rossdale Replaces Gwen Stefani Lookalike Amid Cheating Scandal
“What sort of woman would do something like this to another woman? My marriage wasn’t perfect but I thought it could be saved, until this happened.
“Of course I’m angry at her. What she did is unforgivable. And I’m angry at him too. What they did destroyed my entire world.
“Did either of them think about the children and how this will affect them? They’re the innocent victims in this. And so am I.”
PHOTOS: Lawsuits, Cheating Rumors & More! Teresa Giudice’s Most Shocking Post-Prison Scandals
When Meeks returned from Europe she locked him out of their $200,000 California home that they share with their children and now their marriage is in tatters.
His heartbroken wife has barely slept since learning of the affair when an Instagram user she did not know sent her the now infamous image of her husband kissing the heiress, with a note saying: ‘Look at this.’
She added: “The first I learned of it was when I woke up and checked my phone.
PHOTOS: Cheating, Drugs & Violence: Inside ‘Teen Mom’s 10 Nastiest Splits
“Some random person I don’t know sent a direct message with the photograph of my husband kissing that woman.
“I went into shock. I felt nauseated. It was like a bomb had gone off and my whole world had been blown apart.”
Melissa, who works as a nurse at a prison, had a showdown with her husband after she let him take their children on July 4th – the cowardly cheater had told her his phone did not work in Europe!
PHOTOS: It’s Over … Again! Jenelle Evans & Nathan Griffith Break Up Amid Cheating Rumors — He Reveals The Truth
She said: “We had it out on the doorstep. I told him how devastated and angry I am. He kept apologizing – not for the affair, but for the way I learned about it.
“I feel humiliated, not just because my husband was caught with another woman but for the fact they were so brazen about it.
“He told me, “I didn’t mean it to happen like this.” Those pictures will haunt me forever.
“He kept saying, ‘I’m sorry, you didn’t deserve this.’ We talked about divorce. I told him I didn’t think the marriage could be saved. He agreed. The marriage is over.”‘
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n