Ocean on Chris Brown: Frankly, I Want Him Locked Up (VIDEO)/n





                    Brown & Ocean Brawl
                







Chris Brown and Frank Ocean fight in L.A. parking lot. 

 MORE >>





Frank Ocean is calling for justice.
In the wake of their late-night Sunday scuffle in the Los Angeles-area, the Grammy-nominated singer wants to press charges against Chris Brown, authorities told Reuters. 
Los Angeles County Sheriff’s spokesman Steve Whitmore said Ocean “is desirous of prosecution in this incident,” which could prose a problem for Brown’s five-year probation stemming from his 2009 assault of on-and-off girlfriend Rihanna. With still one year left to serve, the Grammy-winning singer could risk having his probation revoked should charges be filed.
 

Chris Brown & Rihanna’s Most Controversial Moments of 2012








































12 Photos »



But Breezy isn’t going down without a fight. The R&B singer wants to tell his side of the scuffle in an effort to clear his name in the controversy, according to TMZ. In fact, Brown’s lawyer, Mark Geragos, has already contacted authorities to assist with the investigation, both offering Brown’s blow-by-blow account of the altercation and a surveillance video that his team claims would exonerate Brown. While the clip captures the tail end of the tussle, it shows neither Brown nor Ocean throwing a punch; instead, just their crews get physical.
The brawl started on Sunday night, when sheriff’s deputies responded to a report of six men fighting in the parking lot at the Westlake Recording Studio in West Hollywood, Calif. According to a witness who spoke with authorities, the brief bout broke out when Brown, 23, punched Ocean, 25. An investigation is currently underway.
While neither party has issued a statement about the scuffle, both seemed to address the altercation on social media. Following the fray, Ocean took to Twitter: “got jumped by chris and a couple guys. lol,” the Odd Future artist wrote, adding he wishes Everett, his Bernese mountain dog, had been by his side. “cut my finger now I can’t play w two hands at the grammys.”
 

Top 10 Celebrity Fights








































10 Photos »



Then Brown — who considers himself an artist as much as a singer and dancer — posted an Instagram photo that’s worth a thousand words: Jesus crucified on the cross along with the telling caption, “Painting the way I feel today.”
This isn’t the first time Brown — who is still on probation for the 2009 assault on his then-girlfriend Rihanna — has exchanged blows with Ocean. On Twitter last summer, Brown compared Ocean to “a young James Fauntleroy or Kevin Cossum,” triggering the “Thinkin’ Bout You” singer to bite back by equating Brown to “a young sisqo or ike turner” and explaining he “don’t like underhanded comments.”
The war of words quickly escalated, with Brown spewing expletives as Ocean’s Odd Future collaborator Tyler, The Creator jumping to his friend’s defense.
Weigh in: Who do you think is at fault? Side with Brown or Ocean in the comments below.
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player


brightcove.createExperiences();

/n