People Are Accusing Miley Cyrus Of Only Using Black Culture When It's 'Convenient'/n

Miley Cyrus is being called out.
As we reported, the 24-year-old announced her new music while opening up about entering the next chapter of her life in an interview with Billboard.
During the discussion, Milez talked about moving away from being in the hip hop scene and focusing more on her folksy roots.
Related: Haim's New Music Video Right Now Was Filmed In One Take!
For context, here is the 23 singer's full response when asked if Melanie Safka influenced her new sound: 
"She did, and I grew up with her. But I also love that new Kendrick [Lamar] song ["Humble"]: 'Show me somethin' natural like ass with some stretch marks.' I love that because it's not 'Come sit on my dick, suck on my cock.' I can't listen to that anymore. That's what pushed me out of the hip-hop scene a little. It was too much 'Lamborghini, got my Rolex, got a girl on my cock' — I am so not that … I was torn on whether I was going to work with certain producers that I really like. But I feel if we're not on the same page ­politically … My record is political, but the sound bite doesn't stop there. Because you can write something beautiful and you know E! News will ruin our lives and say, 'This is a political record.' Because then I'm the Dixie Chicks and I'm getting my album smashed in the streets, and that's not what I want. I want to talk to people in a compassionate, understanding way — which people aren't doing."
We totally understand Miz Cyrus' interest in wanting to create music with more substance… but people are NOT happy that she used black culture only when it was "convenient" for her.
Ch-ch-check out the responses arguing that the former child star is guilty of cultural appropriation (below)!

Miley Cyrus has disrobed her black culture cloak after profiting from it pic.twitter.com/SITKgKnTnN
— litgitte bardot (@MimieZaforas) May 4, 2017


MILEY CYRUS DID EXACTLY WHAT SOMEONE WITH PRIVILEGE DOES! SHE CAN HOP IN AND OUT OF WHATEVER SHE WANTS WITHOUT CONSEQUENCE
— ♡ JUJU ♡ (@QueenIdle) May 4, 2017


Miley Cyrus moving away from hip-hop is a nice example cultural appropriation…black culture is used when its convenient
— Devonte King (@deeruns_) May 4, 2017


So Miley Cyrus is caucasian again. Neat. Straight from the Timberlake handbook. pic.twitter.com/HWl7vAyPki
— Margaret Atwood Stan (@KingBeyonceStan) May 4, 2017


@MrChristopherX How did she throw it under the bus? By saying she disagrees with the over-sexualization of women? Is that what hip hop is ~about~?
— Sailor Goon ☮ (@the_olivia) May 4, 2017


All this talk about Miley Cyrus reminds me of Mark Wahlberg…slum with Blacks cash out and fade back to white. pic.twitter.com/0wO86q8yRD
— Durags Boatshoes (@DuragsBoatshoes) May 5, 2017


Miley Cyrus: "Rap is all about sex"
Also Miley Cyrus: pic.twitter.com/UYIRy5dOzU
— (dr-ix) #player3 (@iamdryx) May 4, 2017


Miley Cyrus exploited hip hop culture then bashed it and hopped back into her white girl innocence phase.having white privilege must be nice
— Give Love (@iamdevinxo) May 4, 2017


I'm not accepting a critical analysis of hip-hop culture from fucking Miley Cyrus.
— Pepe Sylvia (@edot__) May 4, 2017


Miley Cyrus went from working with Wiz Khalifa, Juicy J and Mike WiLL Made-It to "I don't listen to hip hop anymore" pic.twitter.com/3lgCuDyQhA
— Gbolahan Gbe Idi Nla (@Nigerianscamsss) May 4, 2017


Miley Cyrus back to trashing hip-hop again like Nicki didn't gather her on national television for trying it.
— Craig Bro Dude (@CraigSJ) May 4, 2017


I'm a 34 year old Black man and I get tired of hearing the mysogyny and vapiness in hip-hop. But I ain't tryna hear that from Miley Cyrus.
— Pepe Sylvia (@edot__) May 4, 2017


Ironically, Miley Cyrus is pulling a "that's why you ugly, anyway!" on hip-hop after spending years trying to get its approval.
— Keith RC (@kreid_c) May 4, 2017


Miley Cyrus, who has used hip hop culture for years, now has the audacity to bash the culture that has put her ahead. #PeakWhitePrivilege
— Jason Pollock (@Jason_Pollock) May 5, 2017
What's UR take, Perezcious readers?? SOUND OFF in the comments (below)!
/n