Lawsuit Claims Bobbi Kristina Brown Died After Drinking ‘Toxic Cocktail’/n





                    Bobbi Kristina Brown Deathbed Photo Sold
                







The National Enquirer has stooped to a new low, which for them is truly low...

 MORE >>





The administrator of Bobbi Kristina Brown’s estate has added a wrongful death count to the lawsuit against her partner Nick Gordon.

The amended lawsuit filed Friday also accuses Gordon of giving her a “toxic cocktail” and putting her face-down in water.
The 22-year-old daughter of Whitney Houston died in hospice care July 26, about six months after she was found face-down and unresponsive in a bathtub in her suburban Atlanta townhome Jan. 31.
The original lawsuit filed on June 24 by Brown’s court-appointed conservator, Bedelia Hargrove, claimed that Gordon assaulted Brown and stole thousands of dollars from her.


Bobbi Kristina & Nick Gordon at Whitney Houston Salute






















3 Photos »


Amending her complaint on Friday, the conservator wrote: “I am deeply saddened by the recent death of Bobbi Kristina Brown. I extend my sincerest condolences to all of her family. Consistent with and to the letter of the civil action I initially filed on behalf of Bobbi Kristina, we will continue to pursue justice for her. I have filed today an amended complaint against Nicholas Gordon adding a count for wrongful death and for pain and suffering. We will leave no stone unturned in seeking justice for Bobbi Kristina Brown.”
According to the original filing, Brown set up a meeting with someone where she was expected to tell this person that Gordon “was not the man she thought she was.” However, she never made it to that meeting.
At around 6 a.m. on Jan. 31, when Gordon allegedly returned home after “being out all-night on a cocaine and drinking binge,” the two had a heated argument. Gordon allegedly accused Brown of cheating, calling her a “whore” and a “bitch.”


Bobbi Kristina Brown's Family Holds Candlelight Vigil








































7 Photos »


“The argument lasted for about thirty minutes and then everything abruptly became quiet,” the filing claims. It is during that time period that the filing alleges Gordon gave Brown a “toxic cocktail” and “put her face down in a tub of cold water.”
“Gordon then came out of the master bedroom wearing a different set of clothing than he was wearing prior to his argument with [Brown],” the filing claims. “Afterward he got in bed, and laid his head on [his] female guest’s ankle and stated, ‘Now I want a pretty little white girl like you.’”
About 15 minutes later, according to the suit, another person at the townhouse found Brown in the tub. “A dust pan was in the bottom of the bathtub,” the filing notes, adding that “Bobbi Kristina was unresponsive, unconscious, her mouth was swollen, and another tooth was hanging loosely from her mouth.” Gordon and the other person present, the lawsuit says, performed CPR, with Gordon also slapping her face and saying, “Wake up.”
The district attorney has said they will review the investigative file. The lawsuit asks for damages of at least $10 million each for the assault, battery, intentional infliction of emotional distress, and conversion.


Family and Friends Mourn Bobbi Kristina Brown








































41 Photos »


/n