ScarJo Storms Out! Custody Negotiations With Her Ex Crumble After Tense Face-Off/n
Scarlett Johansson’s custody war with her French ex has dissolved into a nasty public brawl, and Romain Dauriac’s attorney told RadarOnline.com that it’s HER fault!
PHOTOS: Single Mom! Scarlett Johansson Spotted Out With Daughter Rose After Shocking Split
“We are not sure what she was upset about and why she filed the divorce, but something must have happened during the discussions because she got up and walked out,” attorney Harold Mayerson exclusively told Radar. “We are hoping she will come back to the negotiating table.”
Mayerson represents French journalist Dauriac, who married Johansson, 32, in October 2014 after welcoming daughter Rose Dorothy.
As Radar has reported, Mauriac’s attorney claimed Johansson’s busy acting and travel schedule doomed their marriage after only two years.
“She was through with the relationship,” Mayerson told Radar. “Both partners wanted to move on as quickly and as painlessly as possible.”
The growing animosity apparently has nothing to do with money, however. The two are reported to have an “iron clad” prenup.
PHOTOS: Scarlett Johansson, Angelina Jolie & Jessica Biel, Oh My! The 15 Sexiest Nude Scenes Of All Time
Instead, it all comes down to what will happen to their two-year-old daughter. Dauriac wants primary custody, and would like to take Rose Dorothy back to his home country of France. Johansson is arguing for residential custody, and for the child to live with her instead.
PHOTOS: Where’s Tarek? Christina Spotted At ‘Scam’ Seminar After Explosive Divorce Filing
“It is indeed unfortunate, especially for our daughter, that Scarlett filed in court and made our personal differences so public,” Dauriac said in a statement given to Radar. “I would implore her to withdraw her action promptly and to go back, as uncomfortable as it might be, to the negotiating table.”
“We are the parents of a lovely daughter,” he said, “whom we will continue to co-parent for many years and share her joys and sorrows as only a parent can.”
Story developing.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night.
  /n