Fox News Makeup Artists Claim They Were Fired After Being Forced To Watch Graphic Sex Videos/n

The REALLY bad press for FOX News continues with a shocking sex discrimination suit!
After former host Gretchen Carlson filed suit against her boss, FOX News CEO Roger Ailes, over an alleged sexual proposition and longstanding sexual harassment, we are now learning that Carlson's former makeup artist has filed her own lawsuit against the cable news network!
Related: More Women Come Out Against Roger!
In fact, there are three makeup artists that have filed suit against FOX, according to a report from the Daily Mail.
Maureen Walsh (pictured above, right, alongside Carlson), Lena Jemmott, and Hilda Correa-LaPolla — all former makeup artists for FOX News who were fired — filed a suit in U.S. District Court on June 27.
The suit alleges the network gave preferential treatment to white male co-workers and alleges gender and religious discrimination, and the former employees have filed paperwork with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission as well.
All three women claim they were terminated later that year after they  officially complained to management about a male makeup artist in their department named Bradley Stenson receiving preferential treatment from higher-ups, both of whom were white men.
The women allege that although Stenson performed his job duties poorly, he was given preferential treatment regarding scheduling and his close relationship with the department manager quickly turned the environment hostile towards all three women.
That's not the most damning part of the story, though; according to Daily Mail, Stenson routinely referred to all three women as "bitches" and "girls," and in one particular incident, he showed Jemmott, Walsh, and FOX host Kimberly Guilfoyle a video of a transgender woman explicitly describing graphic sexual acts.
What?!
Video: Poor, Poor Gretchen
The women initially reported the incident to human resources but claim no disciplinary action was taken.
From there, Stenson took to calling the news network's senior legal analyst, Judge Andrew Napolitano, his "sugar daddy" while insinuating some type of inappropriate relationship between the two.
Stenson went as far in August of 2014 as to nearly slap Jemmott before pointing his index finger in her face — and one month later, nearly two full years ago, all three women were fired on the same day for what they were told was "misconduct."
When Jemmott went to managers to complain about the index finger incident and her termination, she was told that witnesses contradicted her version of events — and then things got really crazy when a manager allegedly moved closer to her and began to rub her shoulders in an attempt to calm her down.
Jemmott further alleges that she was called "picky" because her Muslim faith made her request certain scheduling accommodations to coincide with her religious practices.
Altogether, these are some serious allegations, as all three women are adamant the network gave far preferential treatment to their white, male employees even though the three combined to put in 34 years of work before their joint terminations.
For what it's worth, Walsh still appears very close to — or at least, very supportive of — Carlson, posting recently to her Instagram account in support of the embattled former TV host (below):




This is my #wcw @therealgretchencarlson #StandwithGretchen— ALWAYS…yesterday, today, tomorrow… I LOVE YOU❤️❤️❤️❤️#gretchencarlson #loyaltyA photo posted by Maureen Walsh Makeup (@maureenmakeup) on Jul 6, 2016 at 9:28am PDT


It appears Walsh had a good relationship with many FOX personalities throughout the years right up until the lawsuit, too.
At least, that was the case in this IG pic dated in September of 2014 with show host Jeanine Pirro (below) — right around the time she was fired along with Jemmott and Correa-LaPolla:




Getting #JudgeJeanine ready for #Justice #inthemakeuproom #kabc #bts #saturdaynight #FoxNews #primetimeA photo posted by Maureen Walsh Makeup (@maureenmakeup) on Sep 27, 2014 at 5:07pm PDT


We'll see how FOX responds to this, another very highly visible legal challenge to go along with the accusations Carlson has lobbed.
Crazy!!!
[Image via Maureen Walsh/Instagram.]
/n