Fall Movies 2015: 16 Movies to See This September/n





                    Summer Movies 2015: 20 Movies to See in August
                







End of summer.

 MORE >>





Summer may be over, but not all is lost.

Approach fall with enthusiasm for the many great films coming out in theaters this month.
Here are the 16 best movies to see in September. 
Johnny Depp stars in Black Mass (Sept. 18) which tells the true story of the infamous Irish-American mobster Whitey Bulger, who was a FBI informant for 30 years. He remained at large for 16 years until 2011, when he was captured in Santa Monica. Benedict Cumberbatch plays Bulger’s brother, former Massachusetts State Senator William “Billy” Bulger; also starring Dakota Johnson, Joel Edgerton, Kevin Bacon and more.
Depp is scary as hell:







Johnny Depp, Amber Heard and More Attend Black Mass Premiere at Venice Film Festival	








































9 Photos »


Everest (Sept. 18) portrays the real events of the 1996 Mount Everest disaster, in which several climbers were caught in a blizzard and died. The always swoon-worthy Jake Gyllenhaal plays expedition group leader Scott Fischer, and Jason Clarke plays expedition group leader Rob Hall; also starring Josh Brolin, Sam Worthington, Robin Wright, Keira Knightley and many more.





Nancy Meyer’s newest film The Intern (Sept. 25) stars Anne Hathaway in another glitzy New York office-setting type role, except this time she’s the boss. Robert De Niro plays Ben Whittaker, a 70-year-old widower, becomes a “senior” intern at an e-commerce fashion site run by Jules Ostin (Hathaway).





Goodnight Mommy (Sept. 11) made headlines when people realized how incredibly creepy the trailer was. It’s perhaps the scariest horror film to come out this year (though it actually premiered at the Venice Film Festival last year), and also the most aesthetic pleasing one ever. Starring Susanne Wuest as the mother to twins Elias and Lukas Schwarz recovering from facial surgery, the boys begin to start doubting that she’s actually their mother. Set in their beautifully modern house set in the Austrian countryside in the middle of nowhere, things become very alarming, very quickly. Just watch the trailer, but maybe not alone:







Jake Gyllenhaal Looks Steamy in L'Uomo Vogue	








































7 Photos »


Maze Runner: The Scorch Trials (Sept. 18) is the second installment of the dystopian YA Maze Runner trilogy starring Dylan O’Brien, Kaya Scodelario, Thomas Brodie-Sangster, Ki Hong Lee and more. The Gladers may have escaped the maze, but phase two looks intense and the fate of humanity looks bleak:





The Keeping Room (Sept. 25) is a suspenseful Western from the female point of view – it’s unconventional, original and refreshing. It’s about time for a Western with female protagonists, anyways. Brit Marling, Hailee Steinfeld and Muna Otaru star as three Southern women fighting against renegade Yankee soldiers (Sam Worthington), milling about drunkenly with guns, looking to cause violence and pillage.





The wonderful Asa Butterfield stars in A Brilliant Young Mind (Sept. 11) as a socially awkward math prodigy who earns a spot on the British squad at the International Mathematics Olympiad. Rotten Tomatoes gave it a 91% fresh rating, and called the flick a “heart-warming and life-affirming story.”





Andrew Garfiend, Laura Dern and Michael Shannon star in 99 Homes (Sept. 25), an intense real-estate drama in which a young father (Garfield) and his family who are evicted from their suburban home. He is coerced into working with a hard-ass real estate developer (Shannon) in order to earn it all back.





M. Night Shyamalan’s original comedy-horror The Visit (Sept. 11) marks the director’s so-called comeback after a number of less than stellar films. The Visit is a friendly reminder that the comedy-horror genre is not an overrated one, and tells the story of two kids’ weeklong stay with their grandparents, whom they’ve never met. The visit turns strange and we can only assume deadly, as evident by the grandma’s macabre request for one of the children to get into the oven and clean it.





Told you it was funny.


Instant Follow Friday: Emma Roberts Is Chanel, 'Scream Queens' Resident Mean Girl	








































33 Photos »


Ashby (Sept. 25), starring Paper Town’s teen heartthrob Nat Wolff, Emma Roberts, Mickey Rourke, and Sarah Silverman in what seems to be yet another coming of age movie. A new student (hailing from Oregon, so he’s thus a nerd) is given the school assignment to interview an older person, and he chooses his neighbor who happens to be a former CIA assassin.





Roland Emmerich’s Stonewall (Sept. 25) attempts to depict a cornerstone of queer history: the New York riots that sparked the gay rights movement. It’s already faced quite a bit of backlash, and it’s not even out yet. After the trailer was released, a petition was started to boycott the film over it’s supposed “whitewashing” of queer history. Starring Jeremy Irvine, Jonathan Rhys Meyers, Jonny Beauchamp, and more.





Pawn Sacrifice (Sept. 16) stars Tobey Maguire in the true story of legendary chess prodigy Bobby Fischer, as he prepares for his match against Russia’s Boris Spassky (Liev Schreiber).





Ryan Reynolds is a poker player Gerry’s (Ben Mendelsohn) so-called lucky charm in Mississippi Grind (Sept. 25). They gamble their way down South to New Orleans for a high-stakes poker game.







Ryan Reynolds' Hottest Movie Moments	








































12 Photos »


Captive (Sept. 18), based on a true story, stars Kate Mara and David Oyelowo. It’s described by Rotten Tomatoes as “a thrilling drama about the spiritual collision of two broken lives” and on the surface appears like your worst nightmare: to be held captive by a man on-the-run from a rape trial.





Sleeping with Other People (Sept. 11) is yet another rom-com, this time about two sex addicts (and first-time lovers) who fall in love with one another without having a sexual relationship. Starring Alison Brie and Jason Sudeikis.





Steve Jobs: The Man in the Machine (Sept. 4) directed by Alex Gibny, is a documentary about the legendary, the mystifying, and the incredible Steve Jobs. The film takes a look at Jobs as “an iconoclastic genius and a barbed-tongued tyrant.”





(Steve Jobs starring Michael Fassbender and Kate Winslet comes out on Oct. 23).
/n