Brad's Cheating Bombshell! Pitt's Other Woman Tells All/n
While Angelina Jolie‘s divorce filing stunned Hollywood, Brad Pitt‘s other woman knew the end of their marriage was inevitable. The actor’s ex-girlfriend, Elizabeth Daily, exclusively revealed to RadarOnline.com more shocking claims of their split that includes a cheating bombshell!
“I felt like it was coming,” Daily, who dated Pitt, 52, in the late ’80s, told Radar. “Even watching their movie, By the Sea, the energy was odd. It felt like art intimidating life. When I watched, it didn’t feel right.”
Daily explained how their unhappiness was evident when she saw the mother-of-six at events and in recent photos.
PHOTOS: Angie & Brad’s Kids In Danger? Cops Swarm Family House
“Brad is a down to earth guy,” Daily explained of her ex-boyfriend. “The only thing off about Angie is she seems so unhappy. It seems there is an intensity. There is not a soft thing about her, there is something hardened about her. I see a brilliant, amazing mother, but when I look at her she doesn’t seem happy.”
Reports claiming Pitt cheated on his wife of two years with co-star Marion Cotillard don’t come as a shock to the actress.
“When people are not happy things happen,” she said of the cheating bombshell, which pregnant Cotillard denied. “There was a bigger problem. Cheating or anything else is a symptom of deep unhappiness.”
PHOTOS: Drugs! Affairs! 10 Secret Signs Angelina Jolie & Brad Pitt Were Headed For Divorce
As for Pitt’s alleged drinking problem, which occurred during the family’s production of By the Sea in 2014, she believes “anything can happen.”
When there is an issue that comes up, things to need to be changed,” she said. “When nothing changes people act out. It’s natural when you’re unhappy for people to act out.”
Jolie, 41, filed for divorce from Pitt earlier this week, citing irreconcilable differences. She is seeking full custody of their children Maddox, 15, Pax, 12, Shiloh, 10, Zahara, 11, and twins Vivienne and Knox, 8, leaving him with visitation.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n