Get Ashley Greene’s Breaking Dawn Look!/n
By Leah Ornstein – Radar Style & Beauty Editor
Ashley Greene looked beyond gorgeous on the red carpet at the Los Angeles premiere of The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn Part 1. The 24-year-old actress and mark Brand Ambassador, who radiated in a strapless, custom-made Donna Karan gown, turned to makeup artist Vanessa Scali to finish off her fabulous look using products from mark – and RadarOnline.com has all the details from the makeup artist herself!
“Ashley was wearing a very sophisticated dress from Donna Karan,” Scali explains.  “The statement was the fun, bold lip so I kept the rest simple. Not too much on the eye, a soft flushed cheek and a bright, bold slash of color on the lip.”
PHOTOS: The Best, Worst & Wackiest Fashions At The Breaking Dawn Premiere
Face: ”I prepped Ashley’s face by applying mark For Goodness Face Antioxidant Skin Moisturizing Lotion SPF 30 all over her skin, followed by mark Light Bright Lighten & Depuff Eye Gel under her eyes. After creating a clean, hydrated canvas, I applied mark Speedway Do Everything Makeup with a concealer brush and blended with my fingers. Next, I used mark Conceal For Real Long-Lasting Hook Up Concealer around Ashley’s eyes. To warm up her skin tone and compliment her bone structure, I added mark Bronze Pro Bronzing Powder to her temples, under her cheekbones and to her jaw line. I set the look by applying mark Matte-Nificent Oil-Absorbing Powder to Ashley’s t-zone.” Cheeks: “Ashley has beautiful skin, so we kept it clean and dewy. For a natural glow, I used mark Good Glowing Custom Pick Powder Blush in After Glo on the apples of Ashley’s cheeks and blended outward. Then, I used a touch of mark Glowdacious Illuminating Powder on the peak of her cheekbones and on her brow bones to create a warm flush.”
PHOTOS: Ashley Greene’s Style Evolution
Eyes: “I started by applying mark Get Bright Hook Up Highlighter in Natural all over the lid to create a radiant canvas. Next, I smudged mark I-Mark Custom Pick Eye Shadow in Gioia at the lash line, blending up toward the crease, outward at the corners and under the lower lashes. Then, I added mark No Place To Run Longwear Eye Liner in Jet Set and mark On The Edge Hook Up Liquid Eyeliner in Cleo at Ashley’s lash lines for depth. I finished her eyes with a few coats of mark Lash All You Want Mascara in Black.”
Brows: “I used mark Brow Factor Hook Up Clear Brow Gel to create clean, well groomed brows.”
PHOTOS: Twilight Stars Hit Comic-Con In San Diego
Lips: “For a bright coral that brings light to the face, I used mark Lipclick Full Color Lipstick in Cha Cha mixed with mark Lipclick SPF 15 Color Shine Lipstick in Hot Stuff, giving Ashley a gorgeous fresh and vibrant look.”
To purchase any of the mark products used on Ashley Greene, click here.
RELATED GALLERIES:
PHOTOS: The Best, Worst & Wackiest From The Weekend
PHOTOS: The 10 Most Memorable Looks At The MOCA Gala
PHOTOS: The Best, Worst & Wackiest Of The Past Week
PHOTOS: Fab Fergie, Ravishing Rose & Minaj’s Mishap In The Best & Worst /n