Sophie Turner on Game of Thrones Cast's 'Intense' Bond: 'I Feel Like I Have the Biggest Family in the World'
/n

 
Sophie Turner, Maisie Williams and Kit Harington play the elder (living) half of the Stark siblings on HBO’s Game of Thrones—but they’re more than just a family on TV.
Ahead of this Sunday’s premiere of the penultimate season, Sophie Turner had plenty to say about the cast’s ironclad bond and the “big conclusion” coming for Game of Thrones over the course of the next two seasons when she showed up in Louis Vuitton to the show’s LA red carpet screening Wednesday night.
“I feel like I have the world’s biggest family,” Turner told PEOPLE. “When you’re in the public eye, for every one positive comment, you get ten negative. So that’s a definitely been tricky to deal with… but the support system has been the greatest thing for me.”
Practically growing up on the set, Turner formed foundational friendships with the other cast members, but, Turner added, things really started to take off when they “started going to each other’s parties when we weren’t shooting.”
“[It would] be like, this is kind of weird, huh?” Turner added. “But, yeah, knowing that we want to hang out with each other outside of the show, that’s probably the biggest bonding moment.”
FROM PEN: Ian McShane on his Game of Thrones Spoiler!

 
Like most good friendships, the bond between her and Harington wasn’t all fun and games. “We cried together, Kit and I. One of my biggest bonding moments was definitely when Kit and I just kind of sat in one our hotel rooms just talking about like, ‘Are you okay? How’s everything?’ We just kind of check up on each other occasionally, and that always means a lot.”
Despite six years of bonding, and given GoT‘s brutal track record of killing off beloved characters, it’s very likely that one of the Stark children won’t make it to next season. However, Turner doesn’t seemed to be concerned with how the show is playing out; in fact, she seems thrilled about the its looming conclusion. “Everyone’s coming together again and forming alliances and meeting people who they maybe haven’t met before or who you didn’t expect for them to meet or meeting again. It’s really exciting. It kind of feels like it’s wrapping up and coming to a big conclusion.”
Game of Thrones season 7 premieres this Sunday at 9 p.m. ET on HBO.
/n