Drake and Jennifer Lopez Are Basically Over/n





                    Jennifer Lopez and Drake Cuddle Up 
                







PDA Alert!

 MORE >>










                    Nicki Minaj and Drake Spark Romance Rumors Following Meek Mill Breakup
                







Are they or aren't they?

 MORE >>





Drake and Jennifer Lopez have put a pause on their relationship, parting ways just two months of dating.

Multiple sources are saying the couple that would’ve been the greatest powerhouse duo since Beyoncé and Jay Z have called it quits due to their hectic work schedules. The breakup news comes just after Lopez shared a cryptic Instagram quote over the weekend, reading, “Timing is everything. If it’s meant to happen, it will, and for the right reasons.”
“JLo and Drake are still talking, so people should know they are not in any means angry or that some incident happened. It mainly had to do with timing,” a source tells E! News. “They have just cooled things off a bit and it’s not as fast as it was in the beginning. They very well may go to dinner tomorrow or in a month. They are in each others’ lives, just doing their own thing now.”
The insider adds that Drake and Lopez “have taken some time apart, not because they don’t want to be with each other, just because their schedules started getting insane.”
Meanwhile, another source tells Us Weekly that the romance have “died down a bit” since December.



A video posted by Jennifer Lopez Follows ❀ (@jenniferlopezlove) on Dec 30, 2016 at 4:34am PST



As previously reported, things between the two started heating up late last year when Drake invited Lopez to an intimate dinner with friends at West Hollywood’s Delilah after catching several of her Las Vegas shows. Over the holidays, the “One Dance” rapper made a grand gesture by throwing Lopez a winter wonderland-themed dance just so his lady could experience being crowned prom queen.
Amid reports that he was introduced to Lopez’s two children, Drake then bought the “Ain’t Your Mama” singer a $100,000 diamond necklace from Tiffany & Co.
In late January, rumors of a breakup started swirling when Drizzy was seen enjoying a night out with porn star Rosee Divine. He later continued to fuel rebound rumors when he was spied hanging out with his alleged former flame, Nicki Minaj, following her split with Meek Mill.


Jennifer Lopez's Dating History








































7 Photos »


/n