President Obama Takes The Oath Of Office – Watch It Here Live/n
President Barack Obama will be publicly sworn into office shortly before noon EST Monday on the National Mall in Washington D.C., with Beyonce singing the National Anthem, and RadarOnline.com is live streaming the festivities.
Although the president is taking the oath on the steps of Congress in front of a crowd estimated at 800,000 people, he was officially sworn in Sunday by Chief Justice John Roberts, in a small ceremony in the Blue room of the White House using Michelle Obama’s family Bible. The Obamas’ daughters, Sasha and Malia, stood between the First Lady and Roberts.
PHOTOS: President Obama Through The Years
“I did it,” Mr. Obama said to his daughters as he hugged them after taking the oath.
Earlier Sunday morning, Vice President Joe Biden took his oath of office at a private ceremony in the Vice President’s residence at the Naval Observatory in Washington, D.C.
When taking the oath again Monday, which happens to be Martin Luther King Day, Obama will use two bibles – one that Martin Luther King Jr. owned and traveled with, and the other bible will be a bible owned by the 16th President of the United States, Abraham Lincoln, which was used during his first inaugural ceremony.
PHOTOS: The Obamas Meet The Royals 
When he is sworn into office, Obama will face the Lincoln Memorial where Dr. King delivered his famous “I Have a Dream” speech 50 years ago.
The theme for the 57th Presidential Inauguration is “Faith in America’s Future” to mark the 150th anniversary of the Emancipation Proclamation.
PHOTOS: The Obamas Attend A Parent-Teacher Meeting
The ceremony will be streamed on Livestream beginning at approximately 11:30 a.m. EST / 10:30 a.m. CST at www.2013pic.org/live.
The order of the program:
PHOTOS: Michelle And Sasha Obama At The US Open
Musical selections: The U.S. Marine Band
Musical selections: P.S. 22, Staten Island in N.Y., and Lee University Festival Choir, Cleveland, Tenn.
Call to order and welcoming remarks: Sen. Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y.
Invocation: Myrlie Evers-Williams
Musical selection: Brooklyn Tabernacle Choir
Oath of office administered to Vice President Biden: Associate Justice Sonia Sotomayor
Musical selection: James Taylor
Oath of office administered to President Obama: Chief Justice John Roberts
Inaugural address: President Obama
Musical selection: Kelly Clarkson
Poem: Richard Blanco
Benediction: the Rev. Luis Leon of St. John’s Church, Washington
The National Anthem: Beyoncé
Inaugural Parade
PHOTOS: The Obamas Host The Queen
Viewing stands and bleachers are lined along Pennsylvania Avenue.
After the ceremony, the Obamas and Bidens will participate in a parade featuring floats and vehicles representing about 60 groups.
PHOTOS: The President & Bieber In The Spirit Of The Season
During the evening, the inaugural ball will commence with the President and Vice President’s families attending.
The Presidential Inaugural Committee is hosting just two official inaugural balls this year, compared to the 10 official balls in 2009. The two balls, which will be held at the Walter E. Washington Convention Center on Monday, will be the fewest balls held by a president since Dwight Eisenhower’s inauguration in 1953.
PHOTOS: Politicians Aging Through The Years
Some of Hollywood’s biggest names are set to perform at the balls, including Stevie Wonder, Alicia Keys, John Legend, will.i.am, Jamie Foxx, Jennifer Hudson, and Brad Paisley.
Lady Gaga will reportedly perform for the President’s staffers on Tuesday.
[ustream id=522594 live=1 hwaccel=1 version=3 width=480 height=303]
Live video from your iPhone using Ustream
RELATED STORIES:
Michelle Obama Celebrates 49th Birthday With Bangin’ New ‘Do
President Barack Obama: Time Magazine’s Person of the Year For 2nd Time
President Obama Gets ‘Caught’ In Mini Spider-Man’s Web In Playful Photo
President Obama Cries While Thanking Campaign Staffers After Win /n