 Another Tom? Keith Urban's Scientology Secret Could End His Marriage To Nicole Kidman.../n
Nicole Kidman may be divorcing for a second time — and Scientology could be to blame again! RadarOnline.com has exclusively learned her husband Keith Urban‘s involvement in the cult-like church in the 1990s could lead to a $200 million divorce.
“The marriage was already on the ropes, and this could be the knockout blow,” an insider close to the A-list couple told Radar. “This would be the final insult for Nicole. Keith knows how much she hates Scientology!”
Kidman, 49, will be “livid if she finds out,” as the church has been known for destroying her marriage to her first husband, Tom Cruise, 54, by labeling her a “suppressive person.”
PHOTOS: Solid As A Rock – 15 Of The Longest Marriages In Hollywood
David Dobson, a Nashville music figure close to Urban, revealed his ties to the religion.
“The last few times I talked to him, Keith was talking about being a Scientologist. He wasn’t with Nicole then,” he said of the former American Idol judge. “He was pretty hard into it.”
Urban’s former writing partner, Vernon Rust, claimed he hoped the religion would kick-start his career.
PHOTOS: The Shortest Celebrity Marriages Of All Times
“These were lean years for Keith,” Vernon said. “He was desperate to make it. He would consider anything that would help him — including Scientology!”
The revelation comes after Kidman and Urban have spent only 119 days together this year. The actress has been in Australia filming, while he has been on tour to promote his album.
They were last photographed together on August 13 in New York.
PHOTOS: EXPOSED! Top 10 Most Shocking Celebrity Scientology Secrets & Scandals
“Keith had five days off from his tour, and he could have been at his wife’s side,” the insider said. “But he claimed that he was too busy.”
As The National ENQUIRER reported, cheating rumors are also contributing to their marital issues, as Kidman’s close relationship with co-stars Alexander Skarsgård and Jude Law have Urban reportedly upset.
But he isn’t innocent, as he has been spending time with 23-year-old singer Kelsea Ballerini.
PHOTOS: Suri’s New Life: How Mom Katie Holmes Is Keeping Her Normal After Scientology
Kidman is also “worried sick” her husband may return to drugs and alcohol while on the road.
The insider added of his Scientology secret, “This would be the news that will put Nicole over the edge.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n