Another Housewife Scandal! Is Joe Cheating On Teresa Giudice?/n
By Alexis TereszcukSenior Radar Reporter
Is there trouble in another Real Housewife marriage?
There have been rocky times for Teresa and Joe Giudice of The Real Housewives of New Jersey, and RadarOnline.com has exclusively obtained a photo of Joe out with another woman!
Tuesday night in Clifton, New Jersey, Bravo reality star Joe Giudice was spotted out dining with a woman who was definitely not his wife.
PHOTOS: Joe Giudice Spotted With Another Women
“I was in the T.G.I. Fridays and saw Joe and this woman who was NOT Teresa having a drink in a booth by the bar,” eyewitness Erin exclusively told RadarOnline.com.
“They were drinking martinis and when the woman finished hers she took a sip out of Joe’s glass too.  They looked like they were having a good time together and laughing with each other.”
PHOTOS:   Celebrity Mugshots
After a waiter brought them wet naps the woman opened hers and “wiped Joe’s hands off with hers,” Erin said.  “It was really intimate to see her touching his hands like that.
“They looked very comfortable and cozy together.”
PHOTOS: Reality TV’s Hottest Stars
The brunette woman was wearing a white top, carried a Louis Vuitton purse and according to Erin she “appeared to be in her late 20s or early 30s.”
Despite recently renewing their vows, the couple, who has four children, has been going through a rough patch and some reports said the renewal ceremony was just for show.
While her husband was having a cocktail with another woman 30 miles away, Teresa was hard at work at the Posche fashion show at the Son Cubano restaurant and Tom Murro provided the photo of her sitting with co-star Kathy Wakile at the event.
“I don’t think divorce is an option, unless it’s over something horrible like cheating,” Teresa said in a recent interview. “Not every day is perfect, but you try to make it as perfect as you can.”
 
RELATED STORIES:
EXCLUSIVE DOCUMENTS: See Pete & Sheila Giudice’s Bankruptcy Filing
Danielle Staub Sex Tape Lawsuit Will Go Forward
Mob Wives Drita Davanzo Lined-Up To Box Real Housewife Teresa Giudice /n