One of Lady Gaga’s Pre-Super Bowl Workout Tricks Is Insane/n





                    NFL Denies Banning Lady Gaga from Discussing Donald Trump at the Super Bowl
                







She can get as political as she wants. 

 MORE >>





Lady Gaga has been taking her fans along for the ride as she prepares to tackle the halftime show at Super Bowl LI, but Snapchat videos don’t reveal everything.

In an interview with Michael Strahan on Good Morning America, Gaga discussed what she’s been doing to gear up her body for this intense performance.
“I work out a lot,” Gaga said. “I also do VersaClimbing while I sing, and I sing while I do it. Because the show is full on cardio, [as are] my performances most of the time. So, it’s cardio while singing.”
See related: Mariah Carey does cardio while stiletto-ing.
She told Strahan that her show will draw on influences from the earliest performances in her career, which took place in dive bars.
“I would say when you play a dive bar, my philosophy is you should play it like it’s [Madison Square] Garde. So, when I play the NRG stadium in Houston, I’m gonna play it like it’s a dive bar. I’m gonna do it my way.”
Watch the interview above.


	Lady Gaga Performs at the 2016 Victoria's Secret Fashion Show








































12 Photos »


Gaga, who has been vocal about her disdain for President Donald Trump, said during a press conference on Thursday (Feb. 2, 2017) in Houston that her show will illustrate themes of inclusion and kindness.
“I believe in a passion for inclusion, I believe in the spirit of equality, and the spirit of this country is one of love and compassion and kindness so my performance will uphold those philosophies,” she said.
Though Gaga shut down the rumor about Beyoncé joining her onstage during the big game, she expressed her admiration for the queen. Gaga said, “You know, Beyoncé – I was actually with her the last halftime show that she did. And she always is very inspiring and gives great advice.”
Super Bowl LI begins at 6:30 p.m. EST on Sunday, Feb. 5 on Fox. Click here to get the cleaning products you need if you plan on hosting a party with at least one queso dip.
/n