‘The Walking Dead’ Season 6 Finale: Fans Scream #WhoIsIt?/n





                    Is Daryl Dixon Dead? 
                







What happened in that last scene!?Caution! Spoilers ahead!I

 MORE >>










                    Alicia Witt Discusses Her Villainous Role on ‘The Walking Dead’
                







WARNING! SPOILERS!

 MORE >>





Most fans of The Walking Dead knew going into Sunday’s Season 6 finale that it was going to be rough, but holy crap, not sure anyone knew just how agonizing it would be, on so many levels. [SPOILER ALERT! If you haven’t seen the episode yet, don’t read on.]

Titled “Last Day on Earth,” this is the episode in which we finally meet the dreaded Negan, the leader of the Saviors and Rick’s new incredibly scary nemesis. Fans of the comic book know how truly evil he is – he and that bat he calls “Lucille” – but up to this point, Negan’s appearance has only been threatened (and at the expense of many Saviors). Thanks to actor Jeffrey Dean Morgan, we now see the charismatic and downright menacing man in the flesh, and he most definitely gives us shivers, especially on what he does at the end of the episode.
Cutting to the chase, Negan has captured many of our favorite TWD characters – Rick, Daryl, Michonne, Glenn, Maggie, Abraham, Sasha, Rosita, Carl and Eugene – and has them all on their knees in a line. Negan paces in front of them, Lucille in his hands, and launches into a pretty scary monologue about how it was “not cool” Rick and the gang killed so many of his men. Clearly, Rick and co. don’t understand the “new world order” rules, which basically states that half of what they have is now his and that they all now work for him.


Norman Reedus Parties








































9 Photos »


Negan doesn’t want to kill them all because that would defeat the purpose, but he does inform them that one of them must die as form of punishment and retribution. Then, in a horrible twist to a child’s game, Negan recites, “eeny, meeny, miney moe,” picking his victim (who we don’t see), aiming Lucille into the camera and bringing her down on someone’s head. Blood spills down the camera lens as Negan says something like “way to take it” and then brings Lucille down again. It thankfully goes to black, but you still hear the smashing of one’s skull. #WHOISIT?!
After that mother of a cliffhanger, fans are definitely reacting to that gut-punch, yelling “NOT COOL” on Twitter:

I feel like I’m the one who got beaten with Lucille rn honestly #TWDFinale
— Gabby (@gabbyy_gates) April 4, 2016


Im going to punch the producers of this show in the face. I really am. #TWDFinale
— Yarit Rivera (@Yarit_Riveraa) April 4, 2016



Death,cliffhangers, and tears are basically what sums up this show @WalkingDead_AMC #TWDFinale
— katelynn breanne (@uhhkatelynn) April 4, 2016


I’m supposed to be sobbing over someone right now. I can’t even compose anger tears, that is literally how pointless this was. #TWDFinale
— Lily Meade (@LilyMeade) April 4, 2016



I watched 90 minutes to find out what happened…only to realize that it was a 90 minute trailer for the 7 month waiting game #TWDFinale
— William Kwan (@masterwilliam29) April 4, 2016

It does seem a little harsh to build up an episode in which we knew for certain someone we love was getting killed, only to now be forced to stew until next October to find out who that beloved character is. Personally, I threw something at the TV. Speculation is it might be Glenn since that follows the comic books, but the show has definitely strayed from TWD comic creator Robert Kirkman’s narrative a-plenty, so honestly, it could be anyone – except maybe Carl and Rick since Negan calls out just before he wields Lucille, “If anyone moves, cut out the kid’s other eye and feed it to his father.” Nice.
So, wait we must because what other choice do we have? One hopes maybe Carol, who has gone AWOL because she can’t kill anymore, will come to her senses and stage a rescue with newfound soul mate Morgan and those guys who look like knights on their horses who probably come from the community in the comic books called “The Kingdom.” Or maybe the new empowered Father Gabriel and the rest of the Alexandrians will come charging in.
Let’s just say TWD fans will be in for another hellish ride when Season 7 premieres in the fall.


Comic-Con International 2015 - AMC's 'The Walking Dead' Panel








































11 Photos »


/n