Chelsea Handler Has 'Decided to Move in a Different Direction:' See Her Cheeky Take on Home Decorating
/n
Chelsea Handler’s Instagram is getting a makeover.
The comedian announced in a post on Wednesday that she’s “decided to move in a different direction” on the social media site, recently sharing several photos of the rooms in her California home — and her adorable dogs Chunk and Tammy aren’t the only things to love about her interior snaps.
While Handler’s captions are a little tongue in cheek — #thisiswhereisleepalone she writes on a photo of her master bedroom — there’s nothing funny about the stylish interiors.
RELATED: Khloé Kardashian, Gwyneth Paltrow, Rachel Zoe and More Celebs with Hyper-Organized Homes





 I've decided to move in a different direction on my Instagram. Home furnishings. #theplacewhereisleepalone
A post shared by Chelsea Handler (@chelseahandler) on May 30, 2017 at 3:22pm PDT







 Chunk rises from his crib
A post shared by Chelsea Handler (@chelseahandler) on May 9, 2017 at 6:10am PDT


A tall, tufted headboard, patterned rug and a pair of curvaceous purple lounge chairs outfit the modern space.
Chunk rising “from his crib” provides a close-up of the unique seats, while another shot of the two dogs lying together on her bed prove the pups, who regularly roam the set of her Netflix talk show and mingle with celebrity guests, get to pick the best seats in the house.
WATCH THIS: Learn How Jonathan Scott of The Property Brothers Met His Girlfriend, Jacinta Kuznetsov






 Even enemies can find common ground. #threadcount
A post shared by Chelsea Handler (@chelseahandler) on Mar 29, 2017 at 10:13pm PDT


“Even enemies can find common ground,” Handler writes, adding “#threadcount.”
Handler continues the #homefurnishings trend with a bathroom selfie, showcasing her blue tile, textured wallpaper and an industrial-style countertop.





 Good morning, Thursday. #homefurnishings
A post shared by Chelsea Handler (@chelseahandler) on Jun 1, 2017 at 6:38am PDT







 And this new rug I got for Tammy's room. She's into blue and green hues. It relaxes her. Guest rooms for all.
A post shared by Chelsea Handler (@chelseahandler) on May 29, 2017 at 5:25pm PDT


Tammy’s room is decorated in the cool tones that the rescue pet prefers. “She’s into blue and green hues,” she writes. “It relaxes her.”
A midcentury-style bookcase that spans an entire wall in Handler’s work space houses “all the books I still need to read,” alongside minimalist sconces and framed maps.
Tucked away in another guest room sits one of Handler’s latest furniture favorites: “I got a new sitting chair and I’m obsessed with it,” she captions. “I sit here in my guest room, with my footsies up and read while my phone sits in another room.”





 Chunk waiting for #biglittlelies to come on.
A post shared by Chelsea Handler (@chelseahandler) on Mar 26, 2017 at 5:12pm PDT


 
RELATED: Casey Wilson Shows Off Her Backyard Makeover and Shares Her Secret to a Great Summer Party: ‘We Do Love Our Alcohol’
Although the supporting characters in her living room include wood floating shelves, a geometric rug and an eclectic gallery wall, Chunk and Tammy are always the stars of the show on the comedian’s feed.
 
/n