D.C. Mansion Murders: Police Looking at Assistant's Changing Story & Possible Connection to Suspect/n
From the beginning of their investigation, police believed there were multiple people involved in the torture and murder of Savvas Savopoulos, his wife Amy, their 10-year-old son Philip and the family housekeeper Veralicia Figueroa.   
When authorities arrested Daron Dylon Wint on May 22, they immediately made it clear they suspected he had help. “We believe he did not act alone,” a police spokesperson told PEOPLE last week.  
Police have now turned their attention to Jordan Wallace, a 28-year-old driver who claimed to have delivered $40,000 in cash to the family’s home on the day their upscale mansion was set on fire.   
Wallace has not been identified as a suspect, but court documents obtained by PEOPLE show that police executed a search warrant of Wallace’s car and recovered a laptop, an external hard drive, two backpacks and his passport.   

Changing Stories
According to the application for a search warrant, police started noting discrepancies in Wallace’s story during their first interview.  
“Wallace stated he received a call from Mr. Savopoulos on Thursday morning, May 14, 2015, and was directed to report to the office to pick up a package and return the package to Mr. Savopoulos,” the document reads. “As detectives continued to question Wallace, Wallace changed his account of the events regarding how he received the package, where he left the package, and when he was told to get the package.”   
“Due to the facts in this affidavit, [the officer] believes probable cause exists, that located inside the target vehicle is evidence   linking Jordan Wallace to this offense,” the affidavit continues.  
Texts and Social Media
On his social media, Wallace seemed proud of his new job – and the displays of wealth that it afforded.  
In his now-deleted Instagram account, Wallace posted several photos of the Savopoulouses’ Porsche before the murders. “Another day on the job,” he wrote under one photo. “My office today is pretty nice! #porsche #livingthedream”  
In text messages to his girlfriend, he sent photos of the $40,000 in cash that he had allegedly delivered.  
A Possible Link?
As the investigation heads into its fourth week, authorities are trying to determine any connections between Wallace and Wint.   
Although they both worked for American Iron Works, their employment never overlapped. (Wint worked for the company for a short time several years ago; Wallace had just been hired in April.)   
According to investigative journalist Nate Thayer, Wint and Wallace had lived in the same apartment complex several years ago – and police are “aware” of a link between the two men.  
“The investigation is ongoing,” a police spokesman for the D.C. Metropolitan Police tells PEOPLE. “We will continue to investigate any and all possibilities.”  
Wallace has not returned PEOPLE’s emails or calls for comment.   
Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to  get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
/n