'You're A Drama Queen!' Jim Marchese Slams Amber Over Cancer Drama/n
Amber and Jim Marchese have gone from fighting cast mates on The Real Housewives of New Jersey to fighting with each other on Marriage Bootcamp!
RadarOnline.com has obtained an exclusive clip of the WE TV show — and it looks like the couple’s relationship is dead and gone!
Dr. V forced Jim to pay his final respects to Amber (who is in a body bag) in the shocking clip — and he still couldn’t put his resentment towards her aside.
PHOTOS: Jac Under Fire! Laurita Caught In Epic Feud With Teresa Giudice & Melissa Gorga
“Jim should really understand this exercise than anybody because Amber’s battle with cancer is a reality that they both face,” the marriage counselor explained, noting that throughout the series he has put her down and “talks to her like she’s a 10-year-old instead of his wife.”
She then had him repeat his last words to her on the show: “you’re a drama queen. You spend too much money. I’d be okay if I got sex for every dollar you spent. In our 10 years you’ve never said I’m sorry.”
“That’s your goodbye?” Dr. V asked, hoping for Jim to apologize.
PHOTOS: ‘RHONJ’ War! Teresa & Melissa Not Invited To Jacqueline’s B-Day Party
“The thing,” he responded in disagreement. “I pay for the bills when they come. The chemotherapy, the hundreds of thousands.”
“Do you blame her for getting cancer?” Dr. V pressed.
“A little bit,” Jim nodded.
PHOTOS: All For Show? Jacqueline, Dolores & Siggy Reunite After Filming Ends
“I think she made some bad lifestyle decisions that may have contributed,” he explained. “You have to understand there are consequences.”
But Amber’s decisions seemed to have turned around, as Jim revealed to Radar exclusively that she has been in remission and successfully battled Lyme disease.
Tune into Marriage Bootcamp, Fridays at 10 p.m. on WE TV.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n