3 Victims Killed and 2 Injured After Gunman Opens Fire in UPS Facility in San Francisco/n
Three people were killed and two more were wounded by a male shooter at a UPS facility in San Francisco on Wednesday morning, according to police.
The shooting was reported just before 9 a.m. at a large package-sorting and delivery hub for the shipping company, San Francisco police said at a news conference later Wednesday.
The suspect was dressed in a UPS uniform but police have not yet confirmed if he was an employee, according to authorities.
Police said they do not yet have confirmation of a motive or if the victims were targeted, but they are still investigating. They do not believe the shooting is connected to terrorism. Anyone with information is asked to call 415-575-4444.
The scene of the shooting was secured about 90 minutes after the first report, according to the San Francisco Chronicle.
KGO, a local TV station, reports that the shooter opened fire during a drivers’ morning meeting. A UPS spokesman told the Associated Press that the shooting began inside the facility before drivers went out for their deliveries.
Police said the suspect was armed with an assault pistol and fatally shot himself after being confronted by responding officers. Two firearms were recovered at the scene.
The scene after a shooting that was reported Wednesday morning at a San Francisco UPS facilityEric Risberg/AP
Police have tentatively identified the suspect but declined to release his name, pending confirmation by the medical examiner. Police also declined to immediately release information about the victims.
“This is a tragedy that has touched many lives today,” Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin said at the news conference.
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
UPS said in a statement that the facility where the shooting occurred, in San Francisco’s Potrero Hill neighborhood, employs 850 people.
“The company is saddened and deeply concerned about affected employees, family members and the community we share,” the statement continued. “Our thoughts and prayers are with all those touched by this incident.”
One woman who spoke to the Chronicle but declined to give her name said her husband, a UPS employee, witnessed the shooting.
“He’s a mess right now,” she said. “I get to take my husband home, and someone else doesn’t.”
/n