EXCLUSIVE! Pregnant Heather Morris Reveals the Sex of Baby No. 2/n
Break out the blue, because it's another baby boy for Heather Morris!The former Glee star dished the sex of her second child to E! News while chatting with Will Marfuggi on the set of her new horror short The Cleansing Hour. "I'm having a boy," the actress happily shared, and also added how her son Elijah is doing so far with the pregnancy. "He doesn't really understand the concept. I think he just thinks I'm getting a big tummy."But the star is sure her growing boy is excited to have a younger sibling. "He's really cute around babies and baby dolls and I adore it. He's really excited to have somebody to play with because he's at that age where he's active and wants to do stuff."

As far as dealing with pregnancy the second time around, Morris tells us that she feels more aware of what's happening with her body, and how to stay in shape."I don't really have a lot of cravings this time. Just trying to eat really healthy. I'm kind of aware of what my body's going through and what to expect and just more prepared and just being more body conscious, exercising and fit and ready. I go on the treadmill and take Pilates like once a week to make sure I'm staying in shape."Back in September, Morris shared that they weren't sure on names just yet. "We're so indecisive, it takes us forever!" Morris told us. The last time she was pregnant, "we wrote on a piece of paper at a restaurant, we came up with multiple names we liked, and we just kind of stuck with one."However, the couple also didn't know the sex of the baby at the time, so surely this new information will help with the process.As for juggling work with motherhood, Morris explained, "Working moms are the best kind! They're so thankful and humble to have time with their children," and "when they get home, they still make time and do wonderful activities with their kids." She advises that it's a must to "find time to do fun things." She and Taylor and Elijah enjoyed "a lot of swimming" this past summer, as well as visiting museums and taking trips to the beach. "Creating that quality time is important," she said.And soon, another cutie will be added to the fun!
/n