Peter Facinelli Engaged to Girlfriend Jaimie Alexander – Get the Romantic Details Here!/n





                    Who Is Jaimie Alexander? 7 Things to Know About The 'Thor 2' Actress Dating 'Twilight' Star Peter Facinelli (GALLERY)
                







One of its stars is already making a big name for herself...

 MORE >>





Peter Facinelli and Jaimie Alexander are engaged!

The 41-year-old Twilight actor popped the question to Alexander, 31, on Monday, March 16, atop the Empire State Building, joining the legions of other couples who’ve celebrated their love with a proposal atop the iconic 102-story Manhattan skyscraper – stylishly, nonetheless.
The Thor actress posted this sweet pic of her and her hubby to be (both wearing leather jackets and gray jeans – nothing says love like matching your partner’s outfit) kissing with the beautiful NYC view as backdrop.



Top of the world with my love @peterfacinelli @empirestatebldg #Love #ES
A photo posted by Jaimie Alexander (@jaimiealexander) on Mar 16, 2015 at 3:17pm PDT


Facinelli and his new fiancée are currently both in New York: he is promoting his new NBC series American Odyssey, while Alexander is filming the pilot for NBC’s Blindspot.

Had fun @empirestatebldg with @JaimieAlexander Top of the world… pic.twitter.com/BRwxfrLOe1
— Peter Facinelli (@peterfacinelli) March 16, 2015


Actors @PeterFacinelli & @JaimieAlexander took in the sights of #NYC from our 103rd fl. today! pic.twitter.com/Qp1x86aWyi
— Empire State Bldg (@EmpireStateBldg) March 16, 2015

The couple worked together on Loosies (in 2011) and then on Nurse Jackie. They went public with their relationship in 2012, 8 month after Facinelli and Jennie Garth announced they were separating after 11 years of marriage.
Alexander had told People back in November 2012, “I know how [the relationship] makes me feel in my heart … it makes me feel really good. He’s a good guy with a great family and I couldn’t be any luckier.”


Peter Facinelli and Jaimie Alexander Vacation in Mexico	








































8 Photos »


Facinelli and Garth officially divorced in 2013. He has three children with his ex-wife, Luca, 17, Lola Ray, 12 and Fiona, 8.
/n