Rufus Wainwright Reports for Judy Duty Rufus Wainwright plans to resurrect Judy Garland...again! Wainwright, one of my favorite musicians, tells me he's bringing his much praised Judy Garland gig to the West Coast. The singer-songwriter.../n
Rufus Wainwright plans to resurrect Judy Garland...again! Wainwright, one of my favorite musicians, tells me he's bringing his much praised Judy Garland gig to the West Coast. The singer-songwriter created quite a sensation when he first unveiled his Garland re-creation last June, performing her legendary 1961 concert at New York's Carnegie Hall in its entirety. He not only recited some of her onstage banter, he even messed up the words to the song "You Go to My Head," just like a wobbly Garland did. Now Wainwright plans to play the Hollywood Bowl to reenact a concert Garland gave there in 1961. He's likely to perform the same songs on a specially modified stage—one that comes out to the audience, just like the one Garland used at the Bowl."I'm doing it in London and Paris in February," Wainwright told me Saturday night, before performing at the Museum of Contemporary Art's opening-night fete in downtown L.A. for its Skin + Bones fashion and architecture exhibition. "We don't have a final date for Hollywood, but it will be in the fall sometime."A recording of Wainwright's Carnegie Hall concert is set to be released as an album, he said.The über-chic MOCA bash, produced by Rabin Rodgers Inc., attracted quite an impressive batch of luminaries. I saw Demi Moore, Ashton Kutcher, Oscar-nominated costume designer Arianne Phillips, Isaiah Washington and his gorgeous fashion designer wife Jenisa Marie, a stunning, all-white-attired Debi Mazar, Eva Mendes, hotelier Jason Pomeranc, stylist Rachel Zoe and Brothers & Sisters star Rachel Griffiths."This is so glamorous," Griffiths told me, as she sipped pumpkin soup from an espresso cup. "My husband [Andrew Taylor] is an artist, so it's nice to get dressed up and go out together but not have that paparazzi, Golden Globes-like intensity."
/n