WATCH: Larry Birkhead Connects with Anna Nicole Smith’s Spirit on ‘Hollywood Medium’/n





                    Meet Anna Nicole Smith's Daughter, Dannielyn Birkhead 
                







She's looking so grown up!

 MORE >>










                    Margaret Cho Reveals Devastating Details About Anna Nicole Smith's Last Days
                







:'(

 MORE >>





It’s been almost a decade since Anna Nicole Smith’s tragic death, but now, her ex and the father of her daughter, Larry Birkhead, finally has the chance to reconnect with her.

On an upcoming episode of Hollywood Medium, Birkhead enlists the help of Tyler Henry to speak with Smith’s spirit. Despite not knowing the blonde bombshell back when she was alive, Henry manages to know a lot of about Smith and Birkhead, revealing intimate details about their relationship that no one possibly could have known.
“This energy of this younger woman is almost insistent in the way this is coming through,” Henry says. “I’m seeing a symbol of putting lipstick on a mirror. This is strange. It’s a message in lipstick is the way this comes through and it’s a symbol, but it’s coming through to kind of help convey this individual’s personality.”
“There’s no way he would have known that,” Birkhead says in his confessional, explaining that he used to write messages to Smith in lipstick. “It kind of blew me away that he knew.”
Birkhead is also surprised that Henry is able to sense a “sentimental significance on the month of May,” when Birkhead and Smith first met at the Kentucky Derby.
“I didn’t really want to bring up Anna Nicole and I didn’t want to talk about it at first,” he continues. “But he was getting so much about Anna Nicole and not knowing it was her. It was hard for me to even keep up. But it was so spot-on in so many ways — like the lipstick on the mirror. Some of the things he talked about, no one would really know.”
Birkhead is the father to Smith’s only surviving child, 10-year-old Dannielynn.


Gone Too Soon: Celebs Who Died Before Their Time








































17 Photos »


/n