Wilkinson-Baskett the best and that they have no "real friendship" and there would not be "anything positive" about them meeting up. Will Smith vs. Janet Hubert: The original Aunt Viv on The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air is not.../n
Taylor Swift  is probably not the biggest Kim Kardashian fan these days.In a recent interview with GQ, the Keeping Up With the Kardashians star had talked about the singer's beef with her husband Kanye West and disputes the pop star's stance about not approving a lyric in one his songs that references her.West and Swift's feud dates back to 2009, when he famously interrupted her at the 2009 MTV VMAs. They later reconciled. But earlier this year, he sparked controversy and angered her squad with his song "Famous," which contains the lyrics, "I feel like me and Taylor might still have sex / Why? I made that bitch famous."West had said he had spoken to Swift in advance about the lyric and that she "thought it was funny and gave her blessings." The singer's rep says Swift was never made aware of the actual line.Kardashian told GQ the pop star "totally approved" the lyric and that there's "video proof" of her husband's phone call with her about it.Swift's rep said that while "much of what Kim is saying is incorrect," the singer "does not hold anything against Kim Kardashian."After West released the track, Swift used her 2016 Grammy Awards acceptance speech to slam the rapper, telling women to never let someone else ''undercut'' their success."You completely dissed my husband just to play the victim again," Kardashian told GQ about the singer's move.Check out more feuds between celebs below:

Kanye West vs. Wiz Khalifa...and Amber Rose: Earlier this year, the two rappers exchanged rants on Twitter, during which West mentioned mutual ex Amber Rose and her and Wiz's 3-year-old son. She chimed in with a NSFW retort. The three later put aside their differences and West vowed to never speak about kids again. Rose and Kardashian also met up and took an Internet-breaking selfie together.

Holly Madison vs. Kendra Wilkinson-Baskett: There is no love lost between the women, who are former live-in girlfriends of Playboy founder Hugh Hefner and former co-stars of the reality show The Girls Next Door.The two have exchanged harsh words via the press over the past year and Wilkinson-Baskett is also not happy with what Madison wrote about her Playboy Mansion experience in her 2015 book Down the Rabbit Hole.Madison said in it she and Wilkinson-Baskett did not get along called her the fakest person I've ever met." Wilkinson-Baskett said Madison, who was Hefner's No. 1 girlfriend for years, "acted like a First Lady" at the Playboy Mansion and wanted "revenge" because she did not get to marry the Playboy founder or have his children. Wilkinson-Baskett had also ranted about Madison's book on her reality show Kendra on Top, calling her a "bitch" and saying the two were never friends.Their feud is ongoing. Madison told People magazine in May she wishes Wilkinson-Baskett the best and that they have no "real friendship" and there would not be "anything positive" about them meeting up.

Will Smith vs. Janet Hubert: The original Aunt Viv on The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air is not a fan of her former onscreen son.Hubert played the character for three seasons until she left the show in 1993 amid a contract dispute.Will told an Atlanta radio station that year that Hubert "wanted the show to be The Aunt Viv of Bel Air Show because I know she is going to dog me in the press. She has basically gone from a quarter of a million dollars a year to nothing. She's mad now but she's been mad all along. She said once, 'I've been in the business for 10 years and this snotty-nosed punk comes along and gets a show.' No matter what, to her I'm just the Antichrist."In 2011, Will posted a photo on his Facebook page showing him standing next to Fresh Prince of Bel-Air stars James Avery, Tatiana Ali, Karyn Parsons and Alfonso Ribeiro. Hubert said she personally refuses to participate in a similar reunion unless Smith apologizes to her.In 2013, Hubert appeared to be more open to the idea of a reunion, telling The Grio, "I would say to him [Will], 'We need to heal this,' and saying in an interview with omg! Insider that while the actor did "some heinous, horrible things to me" and Ribeiro "said that I was crazy and nobody wanted to go to lunch with me," "we need to have a reunion, we have to end this horrible, 21-year war. I think we all owe each other an apology."Another reunion with Hubert never took place. And earlier this year, the feud appeared to be back on. Will's wife Jada Pinkett Smith posted a video in which she vowed to boycott the 2016 Oscars, criticizing the Academy over a lack of diversity, following the nominations of an all-white group of actors. Hubert posted a response clip slamming both actors."First of all, Miss Thing," she said. "Does your man not have a mouth of his own with which to speak?"

Anthony Bourdain vs. Guy Fieri: The famous chefs have been feuding since July 2015 when Bourdain slammed Fieri in Atlanta magazine, saying, "I wonder about him. He's 52 years old and still rolling around in the flame outfit…What does he do? How does Guy Fieri de-douche?"Fieri then fired back, telling GQ magazine that Bourdain has "definitely gotta have issues, 'cos the average person doesn't behave that way."Bourdain appeared to soften his stance about Fieri earlier this year. In an interview with The New York Daily News, posted in April, Bourdain said, "I have no hate in my heart for the guy. He doesn't make me angry. He's just low-hanging fruit. He's a rich and deep source of comedy."However, in June, Bourdain told Adweek that while he finds Fieri "a rich and deep vein of comedy," he "would greatly prefer to not have a Guy Fieri restaurant in Times Square.""It hurts me. It offends me," he added. "But somebody clearly loves it."
/n