DeMario Jackson Confirms He'll Be Returning To TV & Extends An Olive Branch To Corinne Olympios!/n

Stay tuned alert!
TMZ caught DeMario Jackson outside of Toast in El Lay on Saturday, where he confirmed that he will be returning to our small screens for The Bachelorette: Men Tell All and an upcoming Bachelor In Paradise reunion episode.
As you may remember, Rachel Lindsay sent home the controversial reality star after he was exposed for having a girlfriend, and then he was involved in an investigation of sexual misconduct that temporarily halted production of season four of BIP.
Related: Corinne Returns To Social Media Following BIP Scandal
During the interview, the 30-year-old expressed gratitude for all of the support he's received from Bachelor Nation: 
"They've been very supportive of me throughout this whole entire thing and I want to all thank them, face to face, give them all hugs, bro-out, sis-out or whatever. They've been so helpful. I mean, I don't think you guys understand the support that I've had from castmates and producers. I want to just give them all a big ol' hug and tell them how much I love them."
We know what you're thinking, what about Corinne Olympios?
Well, DeMario said he'd totally be down to reconcile with Nick Viall's castoff in a non-confrontational way, whenever she's ready:
"It's not in me. That's not who I am as a person, like, I'm not one of those petty people. I'm a very forgiving person. It's just not in me. I mean, you attract more bees with honey, and if she's willing to speak … we can talk on camera, off-line, whether it's there or in the future, or 10 years from now … I would love to talk to her. I have nothing but love for her and her family, man, that's it."
As for production of the show, we're hearing they're totally not shying away from what happened!
In fact, TMZ also reports on the first day back to filming, Chris Harrison addressed the scandal head on, and even gave contestants an opportunity to leave (they didn't, obvi).
They'd be dumb to ignore it!!/n