EXCLUSIVE! Awkward's Final Season Is All About Matty and Jenna—It's a Dream Come True! Romeo and Juliette. Ross and Rachel. Luke and Lorelai. Mulder and Scully. House and Cuddy. Booth and Bones. Carrie and Mr. Big. Sam and Diane. Pop culture is fille.../n
Romeo and Juliette. Ross and Rachel. Luke and Lorelai. Mulder and Scully. House and Cuddy. Booth and Bones. Carrie and Mr. Big. Sam and Diane.Pop culture is filled with some truly epic will-they-won't-they couples over the course of history...and now we can officially add one more to the list: Awkward's Matty and Jenna.Watching Awkward's main couple as they first began sleeping together in secret back in season one, riding the highs and lows over the next four seasons, has been frustrating in the best possible way for fans who want to see them live happily ever after. Along the way, they've broken up, gotten back together, became friends and tried out every kind of relationship they could imagine with each other. Will they ever be able to figure out their feelings for each other once and for all?Get ready, because the final season of Awkward is going to explore just that! 

"Season 5A is going to end with high school graduation, and we really have the time to tell the stories about all these seminal senior year moments like prom, like graduation, like grad night and also capture that feeling of being on the threshold of adulthood, leaving home, going to college," showrunner Mike Chessler tells E! News on set of the MTV dramedy. "We're going to raise the stakes of all the stories on this show, especially Matty [Beau Mirchoff] and Jenna [Ashley Rickards], as senior year comes to a close."Showrunner Chris Alberghini agrees, adding, "We're going to re-open the book on Matty and Jenna, follow their ups and downs, and see if they can even be in a relationship with each other. Does love conquer all? Are they better off just being friends? What works for them?"Alberghini and Chessler also revealed that Awkward is going to pick up immediately where season four left off...namely, after the events of spring break, when Matty realized he still has feelings for Jenna after she made the decision to move on and Jake (Brett Davern) slept with Matty's current girlfriend. Yikes! 

"We pick up right after they get back, the first school day after spring break," Alberghini tells E! News. "So we're going to be dealing with the aftermath of all that went down on spring break in the first episode back."Since Matty was intercepted by Jenna's mom before he could confess his feelings for Jenna, he's still holding onto that big secret...but for how long?"We will explore how he resolves his feelings for Jenna," Chessler says. "Matty is in a terrible situation because his feelings for Jenna have been rekindled. But he's in this relationship with Gabby [Erinn Westbrook] and at the end of season four, he doesn't know that Gabby was sensing him moving towards Jenna and her feelings were hurt, so she hooked up with his best friend Jake. A lot of stuff went down."And Alberghini put it best: "Some of it will come out and s--t's going to go down!" 

But what does that mean for Matty and Jake's bromance? After fighting over Jenna and letting her get in the middle of their friendship for the first half of the series, fans are right to worry that Jake's hookup with Gabby might jeopardize how far Matty and Jake have come."I don't think anything was going through Jake's mind when he slept with Gabby," Alberghini says. "He was in a fragile place, he just found out he didn't get into the school he wanted to go to, he is a little lonely and I think it's two people who were feeling isolated from the core group and came together."Chessler adds, "It certainly wasn't calculated on either of their parts and Jake definitely regrets it. If there were real feelings, well, that's what we'll have to wait and see."While Mirchoff and Davern's friendship is closer than ever in real life, they're both worried for their onscreen counterparts if Matty ever finds out about Jake and Gabby's hookup. 

"Jake and Matty's friendship is hinging on this secret," Mirchoff tells E! News while hugging Davern on set. "It's quite the predicament. It could end forever.""They might very well never speak again if this ever gets out," Davern agrees, adding, "I think Jake has to figure out why this even happened. Why did he even hook up with Gabby? He was upset from his Northwestern rejection, he'd had a few beers, he saw Gabby and she was looking good…in the back of his head, I think he's still looking through Jenna's glass doors watching Matty and Jenna hook up [back in season two]. That has always stuck with him whether or not he knows it."But amidst all the heavy drama, there's also going to be a wedding! That is, if the bride decides she actually wants to go through with the wedding after all, since Tamara (Jillian Rose Reed) only accepted the hot Marine's proposal thinking he'd ship off somewhere and they wouldn't actually make it down the aisle.

"In typical Tamara fashion, she's very caught up in planning the event, she's very task-oriented and she sometimes uses that as a method of denial," Chessler says. "She clearly got in this engagement very deep and very fast. How is she going to get out of this? Will she get out of this? We don't know."And Reed isn't even sure of how Tamara really feels about this quickie engagement."She's got mixed feelings for sure," Reed tells E! News. "She was under the assumption that this was just going to be like a little fling while he was shipped out, not a real marriage. But at the same time, this is also Tamara planning a wedding so she's going all out. She's enthralled with planning this wedding that she's not even sure is going to happen. It's crazy."Awkward season five premieres tonight at 9 p.m. on MTV.
/n