Azealia Banks Slapped With Arrest Warrant For Skipping Court Hearing & Attending Paris Fashion Week/n

Azealia Banks knows how to keep things inneresting.
On Monday, an NYC judge issued a warrant for the 212 rapper's arrest after she failed to appear in court for a hearing related to her 2015 alleged boob biting incident. Eek.
In case you forgot, two years ago the 25-year-old was accused of chomping down on the breast of a female security guard who was throwing her out of 1Oak. We're being completely serious.
Related: Rihanna Just Schooled Azealia!
Anywho, according to Page Six, the bad girl was a no show for her court date at the Manhattan Criminal Court. It's said Banks' lawyer read a statement to the judge on behalf of the the celeb, which stated: 
"I can be back tomorrow if the court needs it."
Clearly, Judge Kathryn Paek wasn't okay with Azealia's MIA status as she still issued the bench warrant. SAVAGEEEE!
So why exactly did Azealia skip her hearing? Apparently, the troublemaker was simply confused about the court date. The New York native's legal counsel defended to Pitchfork:
"Azealia Banks mistakenly believed she had a court appearance on March 8 instead of March 6. She was in France for Fashion week due to meetings and other social gatherings and was not able to arrange her flight in time to appear today. She apologizes and will apologize in person to the Court for missing her scheduled hearing. In addition, she attempted to appear via a New York Attorney and through a close family member."
Doesn't The Big Big Beat artist have handlers coordinating her schedule?? We mean, someone definitely fucked up. Azealia's attorney continued:
"Ms. Banks will go to the department to remedy the situation as soon as possible. Again, she apologizes for the inconvenience that may have caused the Department."
Miz Banks better prepare to grovel, because Judge Paek sounds like a no nonsense kind of lady. The songwriter is currently facing charges of misdemeanor assault, attempted assault, disorderly conduct, and harassment. Eek.
To make matters worse, the outspoken starlet was recently assigned a free lawyer after her private lawyer requested the change. Whoa.
It looks like even those closest to Azealia are done with her drama. Is ANYONE shocked??
[Image via Instagram.]
/n