 Miss America Sorority On Lockdown Over Hazing Allegations — Will The Truth Come Out?.../n
Miss America Kira Kazantsev’s newly won crown continues to be tarnished by a hazing scandal, and only RadarOnline.com has all the details. In the latest development, sources tell Radar that members of the Alpha Phi sorority at Hofstra University — her alma mater — have been told not to talk to the media about allegations the blonde beauty queen tormented her fellow sorority sisters, allegations that they say are “exaggerated.”
Kazantsev​ was put on the defensive immediately after being crowned, after Jezebel reported she was kicked out of her sorority for hazing pledges. The 2013 graduate of Hofstra University was accused of supervising activities of incoming pledges that included berating their physical flaws and laborious tasks which resulted in bruising.
But insiders tell Radar that the claims are “exaggerated” and are eager to “talk to the media to set the record straight.”
PHOTOS: America, F*** Yeah! 15 Famous Hollywood Stars Who Decided To Join Team America As Official Citizens
“Many of the allegations being made against Kira are being exaggerated,” a source insists. “Kira was only carrying on what had been the culture of the sorority. She didn’t come along and start doing this on her own.”
“This should be a great time for not only the university, but the sorority as one of their own as been crowned Miss America,” the source continues. “But the national chapter of Alpha Phi has explicitly told the girls not to talk to the media in support of Kira. It’s extremely frustrating because they want to support Kira, even though she was kicked out of the sorority.”
Indeed, Kazantsev’s close friend Tom Murro tells Radar, “Kira is polite, kind, caring, and has a moral surplus. I consider her a role model for my daughters, and anything anyone is saying bad about her must be a lie.”
On Tuesday, Kazantsev, appeared on Good Morning America and admitted to being involved in “elements of hazing.”
PHOTOS: Sexy Stars Who Went To College
“All I can do is sit here and be honest and share that, yes, I was involved under the broad definition of hazing at some point but never ever in a million years what this is claiming to hold,” she told Lara Spencer.
She was asked to leave the sorority during her senior year, because of a misunderstanding about an e-mail sent to alumni members.
“I was asked by a New Member Educator when I was a senior to reach out to the alumni base to have an event of sorts,” Kazantsev explained. “In the email I basically made a joke and that was taken out of context and forwarded to the national office.”
The source points out, “It’s not only Alpha Phi sorority that has been accused of hazing pledges at Hofstra. Typically, when people think about hazing it involves fraternities. However, at Hofstra it seems to be more rampant among the sororities.”
“If there is anything good that could come of this situation, it will be a national conversation about hazing in Greek organizations on college campuses. It’s a dirty little secret that needs to be brought out into the open,” the source says.
PHOTOS: The Ten Highest Paid Supermodels In The World
The national chapter of Alpha Phi didn’t immediately respond to request for comment.​ /n