How Teresa Giudice Spent Her Last Day of Freedom, Ricky Martin is Alive: A Roundup/n

Teresa Giudice Celebrated Daughter Gia Giudice’s 14th Birthday Early Before Entering Prison
Teresa Giudice couldn’t have been more prepared to enter prison on Monday, Jan. 5. The Real Housewives of New Jersey star spent Sunday, Jan. 4, attending church with her family and throwing her eldest daughter Gia an early 14th birthday party. Us Weekly has more details on her pre-prison activities.
Ricky Martin Jokes About His Fake Death Hoax on Instagram
Ricky was just the latest celebrity to be caught up in the celebrity death hoax. Ricky is alive and well. And he even made fun of the fake story. Socialite Life has more on his response.
Russell Crowe Comes Under Fire For Saying Actresses Must Act Their Age
In an interview with Australian Women’s Weekly, Russell Crowe made some inflammatory comments about actresses and age-appropriate roles. Crowe’s remarks appeared online two weeks ago, but caught a wave of attention on Monday morning that resulted in accusations of sexism. More on what Russell Crowe had to say on the Huffington Post.
Kid Rock Shares Thoughts on Guns, Abortion and Same-Sex Marriage
He’s best known for his short-lived marriage to Pamela Anderson and cashing in on the rap-rock phase. But it seems there’s a lot we don’t know about Kid Rock. Read all the ugly details on Fox News.
Justin Bieber Shares a Photo of His Broken Foot on Facebook
JB ended up breaking his ankle because he posted a photo of his swollen foot on his official Facebook page. More speculation on the break on Pink is the New Blog.
This Facebook Page Crowdsourced Thousands of Puppy Pictures for a Teen Fighting Cancer
Sixteen-year-old Anthony Lyons is undergoing chemo for acute lymphoblastic leukemia in a Phoenix hospital, and one thing that makes him smile through his treatment is man’s best friend. Sometimes he receives therapy dog visits at the hospital, but family friend Roberta Lucero-Koron created a Facebook page for the days he doesn’t, asking that users submit photos of their own dogs to brighten Anthony’s day. More on the amazing thing that happened on The Frisky.
/n