So Spoiled: Jon Snow Will Reportedly Have a Surprising Ally in Season 7 of ‘Game of Thrones’/n





                    'The Walking Dead' Will Return for an Eighth Season
                







We may soon see the last of a beloved character, but our favorite zombie horror TV...

 MORE >>





Stop what you’re doing and give these new tasty teasers a peep! We’ve got new information on shows like The Walking Dead, Arrow, Blindspot and more!

Wondering if you’re ever going to actually meet Douglas Winter on Blindspot?
“We actually get to meet Douglas Winter next week,” EP Martin Gero said. “He’s played by PJ Byrne, who delivers our funniest guest star performance since Rich DotCom — who will return the week after!” [Entertainment Weekly]

Curious how the writers behind The Walking Dead actually chose Negan’s victim?
“That decision was made last year before we ever even got into the finale,” visual effects expert Greg Nicotero said. “That story, that was all sort of broken within the writers room. If you look back at the history of our show, the death of every single character has provided us with an opportunity to change the direction of the show.” [Comic Book]


10 Things You Don't Know About Sophie Turner








































10 Photos »


Pondering if Oliver is ever going to find out about Felicity’s new boyfriend on Arrow?
“Eventually, yes,” EP Marc Guggenheim said. “I don’t think I’m spoiling anything to say that pretty much every secret on this show eventually [comes out]. Felicity’s boyfriend is certainly no exception — not that she’s keeping it a secret from Oliver, but at the start of season 5, Oliver doesn’t know.” [Entertainment Weekly]

In Season 7 of Game of Thrones, Jon Snow is going to need all the help he can get to battle the White Walkers and take on the Lannisters. And word has it, his family’s former ward might become a valuable ally.
“We have learned that Theon Greyjoy this seventh season will be reunited with childhood friend : Jon Snow,” Los Siete Reinos declared.
This piece of info begs a lot of questions. These two haven’t see each other since the first season. And Theon has made some pretty horrific mistakes since then. [Los Siete Reinos]


Norman Reedus Meets Fans Outside AOL Build in NYC








































13 Photos »


/n