Nicole Richie Reveals Her Biggest Regret and Explains Why a Jay Z Concert Is the Perfect Place for a Fanny Pack But unlike some, such as Selena Gomez, who replied to an Instagram bully over the weekend, she tries to refrain from engaging. "They don't.../n
Nicole Richie has been in a candid mood lately—she's built a whole show around such things, in fact—so what better time for a Q&A lightning round?!During a visit to E! News Wednesday, the fashionista and star of the upcoming VH1 series Candidly Nicole explained her rationale behind a number of things, from why she doesn't tangle with bullies on Twitter to why she's happily attend a Jay-Z concert while sporting a fanny back.First up: What's the worst thing anyone has ever told her via Twitter?Though she happily gets a lot of "laughter and 'that happens to me too,'" based on the nature of her largely humorous and/or family-friendly posts, Nicole admitted that it's "insane" what some people write.

But unlike some, such as Selena Gomez, who replied to an Instagram bully over the weekend, she tries to refrain from engaging."They don't care [what the celeb says]," noted Giuliana Rancic. "They just want to be retweeted.""Whether its Twitter or the Internet or the world," Nicole mused, "you have to be accountable for your words—and you have to be careful with your words, because you can't take them back and that's what youre putting out into the world. You've got to be careful with your thoughts and your words."Asked what her biggest regret was, Mrs. Joel Madden pointed to a tattoo on the inside of her right wrist that she got when she was 16. 



 Chiva/INFphoto.com

"See this tattoo? It says ‘virgin,' you guys. It's embarrassing and desperate," Nicole said. "Now, I am a Virgo so when I was 16 I thought, 'Ooh I'm going to be different and I'm going to put virgin, because the Virgin is the sign for Virgo."Now, 16 years later..."I'd add an i and an a and say I'm from Virginia, but I just don't think people are going to believe me. So I'm just stuck."As for another fashion statement that some might regret—the fanny pack—Richie advised, "buy them and buy them some more."Watch the full interview to find out what a fanny pack is the perfect accessory to wear to a Jay Z concert, why hubby Joel and their kids won't be on Candidly Nicole (premiering Thursday on VH1) and why it's important to know if your father takes Viagra.Wait, what?!
/n