Twitter Desperately Wants Harry Styles and Emma Watson to Start Dating/n





                    Feminism
                







Emma Watson covers Elle UK's first ever feminism issue

 MORE >>





 One Direction’s Harry Styles presented Emma Watson with the British Style Award at last night’s British Fashion Awards, and Twitter basically exploded with wishes for “Hemma” to come true.
Now that we think of it, Harry and Emma really would be a match made in heaven. The proof is in this picture of them together backstage.

 

british fashion awards, december 1st 2014








































9 Photos »



Harry, 20, and Emma, 24, looked picture perfect together last night.

[Image Credit: Getty Images]
Arguably, Hemma would be one of the most beautiful couples alive – not to mention one insanely cool British power couple.
Emma, flustered by Harry’s pretty face (or, understandably, his gorgeous hair) said, “Harry Styles just said the words, ‘He for She,’ so that’s really cool.”
 

emma watson spotted with boyfriend matthew janney








































27 Photos »


He for She is Emma’s gender equality foundation, for which she delivered an amazing speech at a UN conference back in September.
Emma then thanked the crowd, saying “The British fashion industry has been supportive of my career and allowed me to reinvent myself. I love British fashion.”
But the night ended basically with #HarryAndEmma trending, rather than anything about fashion.
And like the entire Twitter-sphere, we totally get it.
if harry and emma dated I guarantee the world would be a better place
— Harry Styles (@HarrysHoar) December 2, 2014
 
harry and emma look perfect together i don’t care what you think pic.twitter.com/a6opvkVKfq
— ♡ (@trickyharry) December 2, 2014
 
emma watson and harry styles in one picture is pure perfection wow pic.twitter.com/4ln3suxo92
— Jackie. (@ghostofclifford) December 2, 2014
 
Harry and Emma few years ago at the Harry Potter premiere Harry and Emma yesterday I just I pic.twitter.com/OGtBsiZmnL
— amy✦ || exams :( (@izaynielove) December 2, 2014
 
Harry and Emma Watson at the British Fashion Awards today! They are so cute omg pic.twitter.com/vafLjqREI6
— BUY FOUR ON ITUNES (@h0tlikepayne) December 2, 2014
if elegancy and class had a specific visual image it would be that picture of emma watson and harry styles
— Liane (@prinsusliane) December 1, 2014
 
HARRY STYLES AND EMMA WATSON IN ONE PHOTO MAKE MY HEART MELT INTO TRILLIONS OF LITTLE LAKES
— Ashley Viktoria (@AshViktoria1123) December 2, 2014
 
Why are ppl bringing up haylor and hendall when there could be heaven called hemma ? Are ya’ll blind
— maggie & ivana (@zourrybabes) December 1, 2014
 
guys… i have to admit… harry and emma would make a perfect couple pic.twitter.com/Rjd1ZZLCOJ
— holy poo poo,, (@Iomlhoran) December 2, 2014
 
The picture of Harry and Emma Watson together is so powerful. Everyone hush, the king and queen are together. Show your respect.
— 1D Updates (@1DTrace) December 1, 2014
/n