Aldjufrie, Nancy Davis, Whitney Davis, Christina Hinds, Kathy Hilton, Sarah Howard, Lauren King, Allison Melnick, Kyle Richards, Brenda Richie and Juanita Sperry. So, where was the bride-to-be's older sister, Paris Hilton? According to .../n
Nicky Hilton Rothschild's wedding is less than two months away!To celebrate her upcoming nuptials to James Rothschild, the 365 Style author was honored during a "fairy-tale bridal shower" at Hillcrest Country Club in L.A. Tuesday. Nicky, 31, was joined by family and friends alike, including Farrah Aldjufrie, Nancy Davis, Whitney Davis, Christina Hinds, Kathy Hilton, Sarah Howard, Lauren King, Allison Melnick, Kyle Richards, Brenda Richie and Juanita Sperry.So, where was the bride-to-be's older sister, Paris Hilton?According to the "High Off My Love" singer's Instagram account, she had to travel to Spain for work commitments. "Beautiful day in Ibiza in front of the magical esvedra rock," Paris wrote in the caption.Those who did attend the bridal shower were ecstatic for the bride-to-be. "I had a wonderful time at Your Bridal Shower today!" said, Nicole Richie's mom, who co-hosted the luncheon. "I love you very much!" Nicky's mom Kathy thanked her, writing, "We love you so much. Everything was so so beautiful."In another Instagram caption, Kathy wrote, "Sometimes fairy tales do come true!"In spite of Paris' absence, Nicky was glad to celebrate with her "beautiful girls."

E! News caught up with Kathy at OCRF's 2nd Annual Super Saturday event May 16, where she opened up about her daughter's wedding. Kathy, whose niece got married in Mexico May 23, said it will take place "in the middle of July" in London.Regarding Nicky's dress, Kathy said, "We just flew to Paris for the fitting!"

Nicky was asked about the dress in Avenue Magazine's June issue, though the interview was conducted before her fitting occurred. "It was an no-brainer for me," said Nicky, who declined to name the designer. "I've wanted this designer to design my wedding dress since I was a little girl, so the fact that it's happening and they're making me a custom couture dress is just very exciting. I was shown about 15 sketches and then came back for another round, and we narrowed it down to three and then clicked in on the one. This is going to be my first time seeing it all put together. I've seen a million drawings and fabric swatches but I haven't tried it on."The handbag designer added that she hasn't been a bridezilla since Rothschild proposed last fall. "I'm too nonchalant of a bride, and I think it terrifies my fiancé. He's always asking, 'Did you do this? Did you talk to the caterer? Did you talk to the florist?' I really just want everything traditional and beautiful. So many brides today want avant garde, over the top, fashion. I just like sticking to what works," she said.—Reporting by Lindsey Caldwell
/n