LOOK GREAT, FEEL GREAT With Nora Tobin/n
Summer’s right around the corner! And as things heat up, there’s no better way to have fun, stay healthy and keep cool than with water-inspired workouts, which have both physical and mental benefits. These water workouts will improve performance, burn fat, build lean muscle, increase energy and give you the summer bod that you’ve always wanted!

THE EXPERT NORA TOBIN
Nutrition and performance enhancement specialist, health and fitness consultant for Four Seasons hotels, contributing editor to Shape.
 
20 MINUTES TO MAJOR TRANSFORMATIONS — HIGH INTENSITY INTERVAL TRAINING (HIIT)
Just like on land, the best water workouts use HIIT, which torches fat, improves power output, builds lean muscle and strengthens the cardiovascular system. This type of training is designed to be done in short bursts, exercising at a fast pace for 20 seconds followed by a moderate pace for 10 seconds, for a period of 20 minutes. The short bursts help the body burn calories well after the workout is over.

BUTTERFLY KICKS
Move on to your stomach, holding a kickboard out in front of you. Bring legs together and perform a butterfly kick (bend knees and move the legs like one big flipper). Kick as hard as possible for two lengths in the pool. Follow that up with two lengths of steady state kicking. Repeat the movement, kicking as fast as possible for two lengths, followed by two lengths at moderate pace. Continue with this pattern for 10 minutes.
SIDE KICKS
Move on to your side, holding a kickboard out in front of you. Start to scissor-kick your legs as hard as possible for two lengths in the pool. Follow that up with two lengths of steady state kicking. Continue with this pattern for 10 minutes.
SWIMMING DRILLS
Jump into a pool or ocean and swim at a moderate pace for five to 10 minutes to warm up. Then perform a 50-yard sprint (two lengths in a pool or about one minute in the ocean). Follow up the sprint with a two-minute slow drill, which helps with technique. Repeat the series 10 times.
 

STAND-UP PADDLE INTERVALS
Perform 30 seconds of paddling as fast as possible, followed by one minute at a moderate pace. Repeat 10 times.

HYDRATION TIPS: THE INSIDE SCOOP
No matter your fitness goals, proper hydration is a key component. As a Propel ambassador, I know that in order to maximize fitness performance, especially during outdoor activities in the summer heat, you need to drink water that contains electrolytes, which help replace what you lose in sweat. My go-to is Propel Electrolyte Water. It contains no sugar, has zero calories and keeps me going with nine fun flavors! Propel Electrolyte Water is designed for passionate exercisers with busy, active lifestyles who want a water that is formulated for fitness and supports hydration. Grab Propel Electrolyte Water to stay hydrated this summer!
Check out Nora’s workout videos, nutrition programs and health tips at noratobin.com, at starmagazine.com and on Instagram @NoraTobin. /n