Rihanna Shuts Down Nicki Minaj’s Dreams of Becoming Met Gala Queen with One Simple Photo/n





                    7 Must-See Moments from the 2017 Met Gala
                







We're all Diddy.

 MORE >>





Sorry, Nicki Minaj. Rihanna undisputedly won the Met Gala.

Minaj was severely roasted by fans and critics when she shared a photo falsely naming nearly two dozen outlets that placed her on their best dressed lists. The picture — made by fan account NickiData and posted to Minaj’s Instagram — claimed publications such as Vogue, Vanity Fair, Cosmopolitan, Allure, Billboard, the New York Times, USA Today, and Forbes had sung praises of her custom black-and-red H&M gown.


what everyone wore to the 2017 met gala








































112 Photos »


Upon further research, many discovered the list was made up and Minaj, in fact, was not named as a best dressed celebrity at the swanky soirée. Her followers quickly called her out for spreading fake news.
“You should delete this before people try and drag Nicki. 70 percent of these sources didn’t list her,” one user wrote.
Another commented, “Nicki, for the love of God, DELETE THIS!”

LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOO pic.twitter.com/AO7kF5hiIZ
— CaroLYIN (@Andrea_Michele) May 2, 2017

Things got even more interesting when Rihanna — who critics applauded for sticking to the fashion festivities’ avant grade theme while paying homage to this year’s honored designer, Rei Kawakubo, in a floral Comme des Garçons frock — shared her own collage of publications complimenting her style. With accurate receipts in hand, the “Work” singer posted real screenshots of tweets from Elle, Harper’s Bazaar, People, and Time declaring her to be the “queen of the Met Gala red carpet.”
“When u comme to play,” she captioned a separate screenshot of a Vogue article about her dress.



A post shared by badgalriri (@badgalriri) on May 2, 2017 at 1:11pm PDT



Perhaps to pour salt on the wound, Rihanna also shared another article about her star-studded after-party at 1 OAK, which was attended by Kendall Jenner, Madonna, Nick and Joe Jonas, Cara Delevingne, Kate Hudson, Donald Glover, Priyanka Chopra, Pharrell Williams, Riz Ahmed, Emily Ratajkowski, Diplo, Felicity Jones, and Rita Ora. (Unfortunately, Oscar winner Eddie Redmayne was turned away at the door.)
“When u win the party too,” the songstress wrote.
All hail Queen Rih.



A post shared by badgalriri (@badgalriri) on May 2, 2017 at 3:00pm PDT



/n