'Hurt' Ashton Banned From Seeing His Ex Demi Moore's Kids/n
Ashton Kutcher has moved on from his ex, Demi Moore, but he is still hurting over the fact he is no longer allowed to see his former stepchildren.
On the June 21 broadcast of The Howard Stern Show, Kutcher admitted his feelings about parenting during his eight-year marriage to Moore.
“The first time I became a dad, I was 25 years old, and Demi had her three daughters, and Tallulah was I think 8, and Rumer was 13, the oldest, and Scout was like 9,” he said of Moore’s three girls with Bruce Willis. “I love those kids like my own kids, and I helped raise them until Talullah was 18 when we got divorced.”
Kutcher said he talks to Rumer, 27, “all the time,” and to Tallulah, 22, “sometimes.” However, he admitted, he only texts with 25-year-old Scout “a little bit” but “I don’t see them.”
PHOTOS: Happy Birthday Ashton – Ashton Kutcher Through The Years
“It’s super awkward, and it’s got to be awkward for them. Like this person who was in their life that was like another dad to them, and suddenly this guy is not there anymore. And for a while it was sort of like ‘don’t go there’ and I got to respect all the wishes of everyone — the collective, and so it’s tough.”
Stern then asked Kutcher, 39, if it was a “painful” situation.
“Yeah, it hurts me,” Kutcher responded. “I love them so much and they were such a big part of my life for a really long time. At some point I’m sure it will fully plug back in, and I’m just going to keep working on it until it does.”
As Radar reported, Kutcher went on to marry Mila Kunis two years after he left Moore, and he and the Black Swan actress had two kids — Wyatt, 2, and 6-month-old Dimitri.
PHOTOS: Ashton Kutcher Caught Kissing Mila Kunis During ‘Difficult Pregnancy’
“Family life is exceptional!” Kutcher gushed about his current situation. “I love staying home with the kids while Mila is working,” Kutcher revealed. “She is unbelievably hard working. She’s ridiculously smart — the sexiest thing about her — and the greatest mom. Without a doubt I’m the luckiest guy in the world.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n