EXCLUSIVE! Castle Scoop: Nathan Fillion and Stana Katic Tease Rear Window-Themed 100th Episode! Can you believe it's been 100 episodes of witty banter and sexual tension?! Castle celebrates that huge milestone tonight and we were on set.../n
Can you believe it's been 100 episodes of witty banter and sexual tension?!Castle celebrates that huge milestone tonight and we were on set to celebrate with stars Nathan Fillion and Stana Katic, who teased the Alfred Hitchcock-inspired episode and talked about what they'd like to see for their characters on the ABC hit series.Plus, are they ready for another 100 episodes?!

"Castle breaks his leg, so he's not able to participate in cases," Fillion previews of tonight's big episode."So he starts participating in voyeurism with the building across the street. We get what's essentially a Rear Window episode."And while 100 episodes playing one character may seem like it would get stale, Katic tells us that she never tires of stepping into Beckett's shoes. "I think Kate is a wonderful character because she's not perfect and in spite of that she tries to do the right thing and has a tremendous amount of integrity," she explains. "She's a great female character to play. I'm grateful for that. I'm grateful for the writing they create and I hope that they continue to just be respectful of the strength that that character has. She's not just a doting girlfriend; she's also a cop and a pretty phenomenal woman."Looking ahead, Katic says, I'd like to see [Kate] continue to advance in her career. I think in so many ways she was defined by her mom's murder and I think now she's not as much. Given that, I think she could be really potent in a lot of fields." She also adds, "I'd like to see the love story advance and I think they'll be doing some of that by the end of the season and people will be pretty happy!"

To hear more from Katic and Fillion, including whether or not they are down to do another 100 episodes, watch our interviews with them above!Castle airs tonight at 10 p.m. on ABC.
/n