Woman Awarded $417 Million After Claiming Johnson & Johnson Baby Powder Gave Her Cancer/n

 
A California woman has won $417 million from Johnson & Johnson after she filed a lawsuit claiming that the company’s famous baby powder gave her ovarian cancer.
Eva Echeverria, 63, who was diagnosed with ovarian cancer in 2007, alleged that Johnson & Johnson didn’t warn consumers about the potential cancer risks of talcum powder, which she used every day since the 1950s, Associated Press reports.
The verdict from an L.A. jury is the largest finding against the company amid numerous lawsuits of its talcum powder, according to the Los Angeles Times. There are more than 300 of the lawsuits pending in California and more than 4,500 claims in the rest of the country that alleged the company knew about the link between the powder and ovarian cancer.
In the wake of the Echeverria verdict, Johnson & Johnson announced that it would seek to overturn the ruling, the Times reports.
“We will appeal today’s verdict because we are guided by the science, which supports the safety of Johnson’s baby powder,” the company said in a statement, according to the Times.
Robinson Calcagnie, Inc./AP
Echeverria’s attorney, Mark Robinson, said: “Mrs. Echeverria is dying from this ovarian cancer and she said to me all she wanted to do was to help the other women throughout the whole country who have ovarian cancer for using Johnson & Johnson for 20 and 30 years,”
Echeverria alleged in her lawsuit that she developed the cancer  “as a direct and proximate result of the unreasonably dangerous and defective nature of talcum powder,” ABC News reports.
How Greg Louganis’ HIV-Positive Status and His Father’s Lung Cancer Battle Led to Their Reconciliation

The grandmother said she began using the powder when she was 11 years old and only stopped in 2016 after seeing an article about a possible link between ovarian cancer and the talcum powder used in the product, according to ABC.
Robinson said Echeverria is on her death bed and too sick to testify in court. In a tearful, video-taped deposition, Echeverria spoke of the family members she’d leave behind if she passed away.
“I have a grandson,” she said through tears. “He’s 5 years old and he loves me so much.”
 
/n