 Mystery Deepens After Dazed & Confused Coast Guardsman Resurfaces Three Months After.../n
A Coast Guardsman, who was feared dead, has miraculously reappeared three months after he went missing, albeit very dazed and confused.
Petty Officer First Class Russell Matthews was incoherent when he returned to his home in Honolulu, Hawaii, on Sunday night and is currently in the hospital for observation while both his family and colleagues wonder where he has been since vanishing on October 9, reported the Huffington Post.
PHOTOS: The Most Intriguing Cold Cases In History
However, Coast Guard investigators looking into his disappearance won’t question him until he’s released by doctors, said Lt. Gene Maestas. “We’ll try to find out why he disappeared and all the details surrounding his case,” he explained.
Police found the 36-year-old rescue swimmer‘s car at Kaena Point, a remote area of Oahu, after his new wife reported him missing; friends had described him as emotionally distraught and concerned for his welfare.
PHOTOS: Celebs Who Died Young
According to the KITV.com, Matthews was being investigated for illegal use of drugs, specifically marijuana, before his disappearance, which could have resulted in his discharge if proven true.
October 2012 also marked the one-year anniversary of when Russell’s first wife, Cara, died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head, which the medical examiner ruled a suicide but felt a contributing factor was a brain injury she had received during a severe accident three years earlier when she was hit by a car while towing the couple’s two children behind her bike.
PHOTOS: Celebrities Who Died In Bizarre Circumstances
Matthews is an aviation survival technician and 15 year veteran of the Coast Guard.

RELATED STORIES:
Now That’s A Fishy Tale! Castaway Lost At Sea For 15 Weeks Claims Shark Saved His Life
Parents And Teenage Boy Die After Being Swept To Sea Trying To Save Family Dog
New Expedition Launches Search For Amelia Earhart 75 Years After She Vanished /n