series are somehow connected.  Rabe played three different characters in the first three seasons of the show—Nora Montgomery in season 1, Sister Mary Eunice in season 2, and Misty Day in season 3—she changed things up a bit by playing Sister.../n
She's (almost) back!The more we hear about American Horror Story: Hotel, the less we feel like we can wait for it to air, and the latest bit of news is no exception. E! News has confirmed that Lily Rabe, who has appeared in all of the past four seasons, is in talks to join Hotel as a serial killer and former guest of the hotel.While it may not yet be set in stone, her new role is both exciting and rather curious in terms of the fact that all of the seasons of the FX anthology series are somehow connected. Rabe played three different characters in the first three seasons of the show—Nora Montgomery in season 1, Sister Mary Eunice in season 2, and Misty Day in season 3—she changed things up a bit by playing Sister Mary Eunice again in season 4. Her appearance may have been a flashback, but it was the first instance of the same major character appearing in two different seasons.It seems that this season, however, she might be back to playing a brand new role. At this year's Comic-Con panel, creator Ryan Murphy confirmed that things would start to connect more than ever this season, with "more and more" former AHS characters checking into the hotel. Along with the list of new and former cast members who have already been announced for this season, it sounds like this may be the biggest season yet. 

Aside from Rabe, Hotel will feature Sarah Paulson, Evan Peters, Kathy Bates, Matt Bomer, Angela Bassett, Finn Wittrock, Chloe Sevigny, Denis O'Hare, Cheyenne Jackson, Wes Bentley, alongside newcomers Lady Gaga, Max Greenfield, and more! Of course, missing from that list is Jessica Lange, who Murphy confirmed would not be returning this season. He did, however, hint that she could just be taking a year off, and might return next season. We'll just have to keep our fingers crossed! EW was first to report the news of Rabe's casting. American Horror Story: Hotel is set to premiere in October on FX. 
/n