WWE Star Chyna Passes Away At 45 — Did The Wrestler's Alleged Medication For Anxiety & Sleep Deprivation Play A Factor In Her Death?/n

This is just so heartbreaking.
On Wednesday, it was confirmed that WWE star Chyna (whose real name was Joan Laurer) was found dead in her Redondo Beach, CA home. She was only 45 years old.
Related: British Comedian Victoria Wood Dies At 62 
How tragic! Apparently, the police were notified about Miz Laurer's passing when her manager Anthony Anzaldo called them after finding the wrestler unresponsive in her bed. While the cause of death is still being investigated, cops believe that there was no foul play involved in Chyna's death.
In a recent statement, the police department explained: 

"The Redondo Beach Police received a 911 call from a friend of the apartment unit resident that the female inside was not breathing. The friend told Redondo Beach Police that the female had not answered her phone in a few days, and went to the location to check on her welfare."
So sad! Sources have claimed that the athlete was allegedly on medication for anxiety and sleep deprivation before her untimely passing. Hmm, very inneresting.
The reality TV star's website has since shared:

"It is with deep sadness to inform you that we lost a true icon, a real life superhero. Joanie Laurer aka Chyna, the 9th wonder of the world, has passed away."
Although it seems that Chyna's legacy will live on as she was in the middle of filming a documentary about her life. Supposedly, a trailer was meant to debut sometime in the near future.
Related: Pro Snowboarder Estelle Balet Has Passed Away
After the news of Chyna's death broke, the director of the project named Erik Angra took to Instagram and posted:




Profoundly sad that our time together is over. #Chyna, you will be missed greatly, and your story never forgotten! #documentary #truthA photo posted by Erik Angra (@erikangra) on Apr 20, 2016 at 10:27pm PDT


We'll definitely be keeping our ears to the ground for updates about the film. Our hearts go out to Chyna's loved ones during this tough time.
P.S. Be sure to take a look at Chyna's morning routine video (below) that she posted only DAYS ago.

[Image via Instagram.]
/n