Jimmy Kimmel Dubbed Hollywood's Most Hated Celeb/n
It’s no joke — Oscar host Jimmy Kimmel is the most hated man in Hollywood!
“Jimmy’s got a reputation among a lot of stars as being too smug for his own good,” a Tinseltown insider told Radar. “They just plain don’t like him! He’s seen as coming in a distant third behind the other late night hosts, Jimmy Fallon on NBC’s The Tonight Show and Stephen Colbert on CBS!”
There’s even a web page that poses the question: “Why do people dislike Jimmy Kimmel?”
The host of ABC’s Jimmy Kimmel Live! has tried to maintain a “nice guy” image in public, but he’s waged numerous feuds with other celebs, notably Jay Leno and rapper Kanye West.
PHOTOS: Kim Kardashian Shows Bruce Jenner How It’s Done Showing Off Cleavage, Legs In Daring Outfit In Revealing Jimmy Kimmel Appearance
Back in August 2012, Jimmy openly blasted Jay at a New York event, saying, “F**k him!” And in 2010, he donned a prosthetic chin to do a less-than-kind impersonation of Jay.
Sources blamed Jimmy’s attitude on his belief that Jay robbed his childhood hero, David Letterman, of a chance to host The Tonight Show.
“There’s no love lost between Jay and Jimmy,” claimed an insider. “Jimmy hates Jay — and Jay hates Jimmy!”
Jimmy, 49, sparred with West in 2013 after spoofing the boastful rapper with a kids’ parody.
PHOTOS: Star Magazines Most Hated List Of Celebrities
Kanye launched a Twitter tirade in response, and the two traded barbs for the next three years.
In 2012, Jimmy bashed incoming X Factor judges Britney Spears and Demi Lovato, along with former judge Paula Abdul.
“No one knows talent like Britney Spears and Demi Lovato,” Jimmy said sarcastically at a presentation for media buyers and press in New York.
Then, taking a dig at Britney’s long-running legal woes, Jimmy sniped: “As you know, Britney Spears has been wanting to be a judge ever since she spent the last 10 years appearing before them.”
PHOTOS: Why Johnny Depp’s Kids Always HATED Amber Heard
In a nasty swipe at Paula, he sneered: “No one was more dedicated or more medicated than lady Paula!”
As for Jimmy’s long-running fake “feud” with film star Matt Damon, many believe it’s real!
Privately, his behavior has been just as obnoxious.
Jimmy’s public split from comedian girlfriend Sarah Silverman turned nasty, and as previously reported, he started dating wife Molly McNearney behind the back of his then-girlfriend!
“Jimmy desperately wants to be loved by everyone,” said a source. “But many people think he’s a jerk!”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n