Pippa Middleton’s Wedding Date Revealed Amid Rumors of a Meghan Markle Ban/n





                    Pippa Middleton Shades Kim Kardashian's Naked Butt
                







Harsh!

 MORE >>










                    Kate Middleton Didn't Know About Sister Pippa's Engagement
                







Surprise!

 MORE >>





Pippa Middleton, the sister of Kate Middleton, will be getting married very soon!

The 33-year-old will tie the knot with fiancé James Matthews at St. Mark’s Church in Englefield, England on May 20, according to E! News. The Duchess of Cambridge, Prince William and Prince Harry are all expected to attend. Kate’s son Prince George is said to serve as a page boy, while daughter Princess Charlotte will act as a bridesmaid.
The news comes hot on the heel of rumors that Pippa has forbidden Harry’s girlfriend, Meghan Markle, from attending the nuptials for fear that their much talked-about relationship will steal the spotlight. Many British tabloids, including The Sun, are providing much fodder, claiming a “no ring, no bring” policy is in place.
“It’s clear Pippa doesn’t want to be outshone by any TV babes on her big day,” a source says, adding future brother-in-law Spencer Matthews has also allegedly been advised not to make his girlfriend, reality star Vogue Williams, be his plus one.


A Look Back at Pippa Middleton's Ex-Boyfriends








































6 Photos »


“Pippa’s view is that Vogue’s relationship with Spencer is still very new. It wouldn’t be appropriate for her to be there after just a few months of dating,” the insider dishes. “But some people in the circle are pretty shocked because this is her future brother-in-law who’s going to end up attending on his own. It’s certainly raised eyebrows.”
The gossip mill started churning in March when Harry brought Meghan to pal Tom Inskip and Lara Hughes-Young’s wedding in Jamaica, prompting rumors that the date inspired Pippa to put a ban on girlfriends at her ceremony. “She saw how all eyes were on Meghan rather than Lara last week. The situation was also stressful for Harry. Pippa and her mother Carole wonder whether Meghan’s presence could cause a great deal of unnecessary chaos,” a source told the Daily Mail at the time.
Pippa and James, a hedge fund boss, got engaged last summer after after a year of dating. They’ve known each other for more than a decade.


pippa Middleton's Hottest Looks








































16 Photos »


/n