Olive Garden Is Doing Something Crazy With Their Delicious Breadsticks Olive Garden, you crazy. The restaurant that all high school couples go to when they want take their boo "somewhere fancy" is doing something weird with their s.../n
Olive Garden, you crazy.The restaurant that all high school couples go to when they want take their boo "somewhere fancy" is doing something weird with their signature breadsticks. When we first heard that Olive Garden was messing with the one consistently delicious thing on their menu, we kind of panicked. Like, went into a full fetal position and made our coworkers put a blankie over us while we rocked back and forth panicked. Don't take our breadsticks away, OG! Don't. You. DARE.Doth they dare? They do not doth.**In our post-panic recovery, we might be speaking gibberishAnyway, Olive Garden announced on Monday that they are not getting rid of their breadsticks or anything wacky like that, but they are adding more breadsticks to their menu in the form of Breadstick Sandwiches.

Yeah, you read that right. Starting June 1, the restaurant is taking those buttery, phallic-shaped carb vessels and turning them into sandwich buns. C'mon, we've all used those breadsticks to eat our pasta and salad in lieu of utensils. Olive Garden is just getting rid of the extra step of throwing the forks over our shoulders and hitting a small child in the eye.Thanks, Olive Garden!"We've been evolving our menu a lot over the past year and we're really trying to give our guests more ways to enjoy the things that they love," Olive Garden spokeswoman Jessica Dinon told Mashable. "We know our guests love our breadsticks. It's iconic."You can choose between the chicken parmigiana or meatball Breadstick Sandwich, and as always, your meal will come with unlimited breadsticks. So your breadsticks come with a side of breadsticks. Or you can just stick breadsticks in between more breadsticks and call it a triple breadsticks Breadstick Sandwich.This country is the best.
/n