Donald Trump Claims He Has 'Very Little Time For Watching TV' & Twitter Thanks Him For The Best Joke Of The Year!/n

Donald Trump doesn't know these shows. Donald Trump didn't see these shows.
The president took to Twitter to let everyone know the White House is "functioning perfectly," and sneak in another eye-roll-inducing claim — he apparently has "very little time for watching TV"!
On Wednesday, he shared:

The W.H. is functioning perfectly, focused on HealthCare, Tax Cuts/Reform & many other things. I have very little time for watching T.V.
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 12, 2017
Yup, the man who regularly tweets about news coverage — mostly to praise Fox News and criticize CNN (not to mention Morning Joe, Celebrity Apprentice, and Saturday Night Live) — says he barely watches the boob tube!
Video: Joe Scarborough DONE Being A Republican Thanks To Trump!
Political journalists criticized what many felt was POTUS's biggest lie yet. Not only did the tweet come after three days of retweeting Fox & Friends, but many pointed out it came in response to criticism of Trump watching too much TV — which he watched being discussed ON TV!
The best response came from The Washington Post's Philip Rucker, who shared that White House officials confirmed the President has been watching "plenty" of TV news this week due to his light schedule: 

White House officials tells us President Trump has been watching plenty of TV news this week, when he's had nothing on his public schedule https://t.co/FGAuaOWYRu
— Philip Rucker (@PhilipRucker) July 12, 2017
Ha! Next he's gonna say he has very little time to use Twitter!
See the best reactions to POTUS's lamest lie yet (below).

Donald Trump has retweeted Fox & Friends 8x in the past 3 days. If he doesn't watch TV, he blindly trusts that show as his propaganda arm.
— Adam Best (@adamcbest) July 12, 2017


Sir…the White House is running like a car with no engine and all you do is watch TV. Let's be real.
— Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) July 12, 2017

Trump actually SAW this being discussed on TV which is why he's tweeting about it now. The irony 😂
— Paul Wilson (@pwgolfer) July 12, 2017


Then why do 11 of your most recent 25 tweets reference or retweet TV shows? The lady doth protest too much, methinks. #alternativefacts
— #NastyWoman (@SheWhoResists) July 12, 2017


The fact that u r responding to criticism on TV saying that you watch way too much TV actually proves that you indeed watch way too much TV!
— Maria Cardona (@MariaTCardona) July 12, 2017


Says the guy who is constantly tweeting about TV shows and their hosts and whether they are good or not. #joescarborough #MSNBC #RussiaGate
— The Mark Bland (@markbland) July 12, 2017


pic.twitter.com/VhIuuWYw4j
— Rick Wilson (@TheRickWilson) July 12, 2017


pic.twitter.com/5GNszuwiWN
— Cathleen Falsani (@godgrrl) July 12, 2017
TV is who you are, Donny! It's what got you elected! Embrace your couch potato-ness!
Besides, we all know you aren't much of a reader.
[Image via Becher/WENN.]
/n