UPDATE: Michael Phelps Denies Dating Miss California/n
UPDATE: Despite anything that Carrie Prejeans’ grandmother might say, Michael Phelps tells Us Magazine that he’s not romantically involved with the controversial Miss USA runner-up.
“I’m not dating anybody,” the Olympic swimming champ asserts. “I’m single. My private life stays private.”
 
Phelps adds that he’s not going to take sides on her statements about gay marriage, either.
“That’s the cool thing about America—everybody has their opinion,” Phelps notes. “I’m not saying I support her. I’m not saying I don’t support her.”

He’s an Olympic swimming champ whose record was tarnished by his choice of recreational activities. She’s a beauty-pageant contestant whose faith-based opinions on current events have kept her in the headlines even after her defeat.
Can these two kids make a go at love in this crazy,mixed-up world?
Radar Online reports that human dolphin Michael Phelps and Miss USA runner-up Carrie Prejean have sparked up a relationship.
“Carrie and Michael have been out to baseball games and lunch,” confirms Prejean’s grandmother, Jeanette Coppolla. “He always calls her when he is in town and they go out.”
And despite San Diego native Prejean’s Bible-clutching ways, she’s willing to turn the other cheek when it comes to Phelps’ reputation for catting around.
“Carrie knows that he has dated a lot of girls but she enjoys going out with him and isn’t serious about being in a relationship with him,” Coppola adds. “He’s a nice guy and she likes him.”
Competing as Miss California, Prejean raised eyebrows during Sunday’s Miss USA competition, after being asked whether gay marriage should be legalized. “In my country, and in my family, I believe that a marriage should be between a man and a woman,” Prejean replied.
Later in the week, Prejean defended her statement, calling it “biblically correct” while talking to Matt Lauer on the Today show.
Wow, good thing the Bible doesn’t take a stance on getting totally zooted on killer bong hits.
Have your say in the comments section: Do you think Phelps and Prejean make a good couple?
/n