Priscilla and Lisa Marie Presley Lead Elvis Fans in Candlelight Vigil at Graceland on 40th Anniversary of His Death
/n

Thousands of fans of Elvis Presley gathered at his iconic Memphis mansion, Graceland, on Tuesday to honor “the King of Rock” a day prior to the 40th anniversary of his death.
The vigil was attended by Elvis’ former wife Priscilla Presley, 72, who was snapped mingling with attendees in the afternoon.
Lisa Marie Presley, Elvis’ only child, was also at the memorial alongside 10-year-old twin daughters Harper Lockwood and Finley Lockwood. The 47-year-old rocker lit candles with mourners, joining them for a procession throughout the grounds of the 13.8-acre estate — which includes the graves of Elvis, his parents and his grandmother.
Courtesy Graceland
Elvis died on Aug. 16, 1977 — stunning the world. He was 42.
His cause of death was ruled as a heart attack by coroners, but there have long been theories that drugs played a role in his passing.
Priscilla Presley holds a child while greeting fans at GracelandAP Photo/Brandon Dill
Lisa Marie Presley and her daughters Harper Lockwood and Finley Lockwood
While a remembrance for Elvis is held at Graceland each year on the anniversary of his death, organizers had planned for 50,000 people to attend Tuesday.
Because of the larger crowds, security measures had been updated for “Elvis Week” — including, of the first time, a $28.75 property pass wristband to give guests access to the Graceland restaurants, gift shops, and meditation gardens, entertainment tents, and more.
“In order to keep everyone safe and ensure an enjoyable and meaningful event for all, we have worked closely with local, state and federal security authorities to establish new procedures that have been widely used across the US,” authorities said in statement earlier in the week.
Visitors at Tuesday’s candlelight vigil for Elvis Presley at GracelandAP Photo/Brandon Dill
AP Photo/Brandon Dill
Meanwhile Priscilla appeared on Australia’s Today Wednesday to discuss her memories of Elvis — explaining that behind closed doors, the late star had a softer side.
“I didn’t see him as this movie star or this huge iconic singer,” said Priscilla, who was married to Elvis from 1967 to 1973. “I saw him at probably one of the most vulnerable times of his life. Losing his mother and then of course being drafted, which was devastating at the top of his career. So he poured his heart out to me.”
Riley Keough, the oldest of Presley’s four grandchildren, also spoke about her famous forefather during an appearance on The Late Late Show Monday.
“We try to go to Elvis Week every year … it’s pretty cool,” she told host James Corden.
/n