Whitney Houston Would 'Feel Like A Total Failure' Over Nick Gordon Abuse Arrest/n
Whitney Houston believed that Nick Gordon would turn his life around before Bobbi Kristina Brown’s tragic death and the recent abuse allegation from his new girlfriend, RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal.
“Whitney is surely turning over in her grave,” a music industry source reveals to Radar. “She knew better than anybody that Nick had his demons, but Whitney thought she could somehow love the pain away. Whitney trusted Nick with her daughter’s life, and look where that got Krissi.”
“Whitney would feel like a total failure seeing how Nick turned out,” the insider added. “She treated him as a son and before she died she knew Krissi and Nick had a special bond that was growing into something more intense.”
PHOTOS: Nick Gordon Reveals Chilling New Details About Bobbi Kristina’s Death
But as Radar previously reported, their relationship ended when Gordon, 27, found Brown face down in a bathtub in January 2015. She died in July 2015 shortly after she turned 22 years old.
Gordon was found legally responsible for her death after he failed to appear in court twice in her wrongful death lawsuit.
“Nick has always had a horrendous temper, even when he was younger,” the insider added. “Whitney was even scared of him.”
PHOTOS: Bobbi Kristina Brown Betrayed! Nick Gordon Steps Out With New Girl
His temper may have got the best of him on June 10 when he was arrested for battery and false imprisonment of his new girlfriend, Laura Leal. Leal claimed he pinned her and punched her until she thought she was dead, but he was granted a $15,500 bond in the matter.
“Nick has got serious psychological and substance abuse issues,” the insider concluded. “Whitney and Krissi’s family are living through their hellish nightmare all over again.”
Stay with Radar for more.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n