Angie's Fears Come True! Marion Cotillard Is Pregnant/n
Angelina Jolie‘s worst fears may have just come true.
Brad Pitt‘s wife, 41, filed for divorce on Tuesday and his on-screen lover, Marion Cotillard, dropped the bombshell news that she is pregnant with her second child. Only, it’s her second child with Guillame Canet, her partner of nearly a decade.
Cotillard, 40, and Pitt, 52, have been romantically linked since they filmed the movie Allied together earlier in the year. Jolie reportedly stormed the set, paranoid about their relationship.
And now the French actress has revealed that she is expecting, after getting caught up in the growing scandal.
PHOTOS: Angie & Brad’s Kids In Danger? Cops Swarm Family House
“This is going to be my first and only reaction to the whirlwind news that broke 24 hours ago and that I was swept up into,” she wrote on her Instagram page on Thursday.
“I am not used to commenting on things like this nor taking them seriously but as this situation is spiraling and affecting people I love, I have to speak up.”
Pitt and Cotillard play a couple who are spies that eventually fall in love in the movie set in the 40s, similar to Mr. and Mrs. Smith, where Jolie fell in love with Jennifer Aniston‘s then-husband.
PHOTOS: Drugs! Affairs! 10 Secret Signs Angelina Jolie & Brad Pitt Were Headed For Divorce
Cotillard revealed that she is having a second child.
“Firstly, many years ago, I met the man of my life, father of our son and of the baby we are expecting. He is my love, my best friend, the only one that I need,” she wrote.
She then slammed reports about her involvement in the broken marriage between Hollywood’s biggest stars.
PHOTOS: The Shocking Divorce: Inside Angelina Jolie & Brad Pitt’s Miserable Last Days
“Secondly to those who have indicated that I am devastated, I am very well thank you. This crafted conversation isn’t distressing. And to all the media and the haters who are quick to pass judgment, I sincerely wish you a swift recovery.”
While Aniston’s friends, including Chelsea Handler, have ripped Jolie since the news of the split broke, Cotillard took the high road.





 This is going to be my first and only reaction to the whirlwind news that broke 24 hours ago and that I was swept up into.  I am not used to commenting on things like this nor taking them seriously but as this situation is spiraling and affecting people I love, I have to speak up.  Firstly, many years ago, I met the man of my life, father of our son and of the baby we are expecting. He is my love, my best friend, the only one that I need.  Secondly to those who have indicated that I am devastated, I am very well thank you. This crafted conversation isn't distressing.  And to all the media and the haters who are quick to pass judgment, I sincerely wish you a swift recovery.  Finally, I do very much wish that Angelina and Brad, both whom I deeply respect, will find peace in this very tumultuous moment.  With all my love  Marion  Ceci sera la première et seule réaction que j'aurai concernant la déferlante inouïe qui à commencé il y a de ça 24 heures et à laquelle je suis mêlée malgré moi. Je n'ai pas pour habitude de commenter ni de prendre au sérieux le tas d'absurdités déversées à mon sujet mais la situation prenant une telle tournure et affectant des gens que j'aime, je me dois de m'exprimer.  Pour commencer, j'ai rencontré il y a quelques années  l'homme de ma vie , le père de notre fils et du bébé que nous attendons aujourd'hui. Il est mon amour, mon meilleur ami et le seul homme dont j'ai besoin.  Ensuite, à ceux qui me prétendent dévastée, je vais très bien merci. Ce genre d'inventions aberrantes ne m'affectent en aucun cas.  Et pour finir, à la "presse", à tous les haters, trolls et consorts qui ont le jugement si rapide je vous souhaite sincèrement… un prompt rétablissement.  Ceci dit et un peu plus sérieusement, je souhaite à Angelina et Brad, deux personnes pour qui j'ai un profond respect, de trouver la paix dans ce moment tumultueux.  Avec tout mon amour.  Marion
A photo posted by @marioncotillard on Sep 21, 2016 at 4:43pm PDT



“Finally, I do very much wish that Angelina and Brad, both whom I deeply respect, will find peace in this very tumultuous moment. With all my love. Marion”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. /n