‘Facts of Life’ Star Mindy Cohn Dishes On Being ‘Godmother’ to Brad Pitt & Angelina Jolie’s Kids (EXCLUSIVE)/n





                    Brangie's Brood!
                







Angelina Jolie takes her kids out and about.

 MORE >>










                    Brad & George's Bromance
                







Brad Pitt & George Clooney best BFF moments!

 MORE >>










                    Brangelina Engaged!
                







Manager confirms the longtime couple will wed

 MORE >>





 Is it fact, or a Hollywood urban legend?
For the last couple of years, there’s been persistent scuttlebutt that Brad Pitt, 48, and Angelina Jolie, 36, are pals with an unlikely Tinsel town celebrity – The Facts of Life star Mindy Cohn. Indeed, according to some reports, the secret friendship is so strong that the 44-year-old ’80s sitcom star is godmother to two of the couple’s six kids and that the power couple even gave her a huge diamond ring — as thanks.
Now, for the first time, Cohn is speaking out about the chatter exclusively to Celebuzz.

“That story seems to be going around, which is so interesting,” she said.
But as we found, Cohn proved to be the ultimate gate-keeper, refusing to divulge whether she is indeed godmother, let alone secrets of the parents to Maddox, 10, Pax, 8, Zahara, 7, Shiloh, 5, and twins Vivienne and Knox, 3.
“I just don’t talk about any of that,” the actress insisted.
Why so cloak and dagger about the pair, who announced their engagement on April 13?
“I’ve seen friends of mine who even put their toe in the shallow end of discussing their private life and then it becomes the story,” Cohn told Celebuzz.
 

brad & angie vacay with kids 








































6 Photos »



Though she wasn’t up for discussing her connection to the Brangelina brood, Cohn was happy to gab about another A-lister: Brad’s Oceans Eleven buddy George Clooney!
The eternal bachelor, 50, appeared as handyman George Burnett for two seasons on Facts of Life.
Cohn said she was blown away by the Academy Award winner.
“He was hysterically funny, terrifically charismatic. His talent was obvious,” she recalls of Clooney, adding “It was the same when I met Johnny Depp on 21 Jump Street. It was a feeling of, ‘I don’t know what you’re going to do, but holy hell you’re going to have a lot of people watching you.'”
 

george's handsome moments








































26 Photos »



So has Mindy kept up with the rest of her Facts of Life crew?
The actress said she is still close with Kim Fields (Tootie), revealing that the two will soon appear on Andy Cohen’s Bravo show Watch What Happens Live.
Though she hasn’t stayed in close contact with Lisa Whelchel (Blair) or Nancy McKeon (Jo) — adding they are both “quite religious” — Cohn does assure fans, “We’ll be like sisters for the rest of our lives.”
 

celebuzz's comeback wish list








































14 Photos »



Following her Facts of Life days, Mindy went on to be the voice of Velma for 12 years in the cartoon Scooby-Doo and currently appears in ABC Family’s The Secret Life of the American Teenager alongside another ’80s icon, Molly Ringwald.
However, she hasn’t forgotten where she’s came from.
“A lot of people feel if you did a sitcom in the ’80s, you should be apologetic,” she added. “I happen to think if you’re on any show for nine years and it touches people, you should be proud of that. I’m still so moved when someone has the courage to come up to me and say hi.”
Are Brad and Angelina rushing down the aisle? Find out here:
Celebuzz Single Player No Autoplay (CORE)
No changes are to be made to this player

   
brightcove.createExperiences();

/n