WATCH: Kelly Ripa Brings Up Michael Strahan’s Divorces on ‘Live,’ Awkwardness Ensues/n





                    Kelly Ripa Makes Emotional Return to 'Live'
                







"Apologies have been made."

 MORE >>










                    Michael Strahan Will Jump Ship Earlier Than Expected to Join 'GMA'
                







We hardly knew ye.

 MORE >>





Is it just us, or are things getting a little shady in here?

Kelly Ripa once again made things awkward for Live with Kelly and Michael co-host Michael Strahan, who will be leaving his post for a spot on Good Morning America, when she unexpectedly brought up the retired footballer’s two failed marriages while on the air. During a chat on Friday’s episode (Apr. 29, 2016), Ripa blindsided Strahan when she launched into a conversation about divorce.
“There’s a great article in the paper and I want to get your take on it because I don’t have a take on it. But I want yours. So you’ve gotten divorced,” she began, as her co-host looked at the camera flabbergasted. Ripa, refusing to make eye contact with Strahan, then brought up the trend of “birdnesting,” where children live in one home and their divorced parents take turns rotating in and out every couple of days.


Kelly Ripa Returns to 'Live' After Michael Strahan announces leave








































7 Photos »


“If I’m sharing my house with my ex every once in a while and she can get in with a key, at any point, I’m definitely locking the door,” Strahan weighed in after getting his composure back. He joked, “I’m not going to do it. Maybe I should. Her house is nicer than mine!”
Strahan divorced Wanda Hutchins, with whom he shares an adult son and daughter, in 1996. He legally parted ways with Jean Muggli in 2006 and share custody of their 11-year-old twin daughters.
However, this wasn’t the first time Ripa, who has been married to husband Mark Consuelos for 20 years, cracked an uncomfortable joke to call out Strahan on-air. Earlier this week, she openly joked about taking a hissing armadillo into “contract negotiations.”





/n