Lena Dunham's Dog Rehab Supports Her Decision to Give Away Aggressive Pooch/nLena Dunham made a difficult and painful, but ultimately correct choice to relocate the terrier mix she'd rescued ... at least according to the people who tried to treat the dog's aggressive behavior.  Lena's been catching heat from BARC, the Brooklyn animal shelter where she adopted Lamby. BARC was pissed to find out she no longer has the pooch ... which she says she had to give away due to behavioral issues. The shelter denies he was aggressive, calling him as  "mild-mannered and very well behaved. " To be clear ... Lena didn't abandon Lamby altogether. Instead, she sent him to THE ZEN DOG in L.A., which specializes in working with dogs with behavior issues. The facility's owner, Matt Beisner, says Lamby would get scared and then aggressive every time someone tried touching his neck or head. He says they treated him for more than year, and during that time he bit 3 staff members ... drawing blood each time. Beisner says he doesn't think BARC saw Lamby's true colors. He says it's common for dogs to act differently inside shelters, and stands by Lena's decision. He adds ... one of his former staffers ended up adopting Lamby, and the dog is doing much better now. It's clear, Lena was very torn about relocating her dog. She set the record straight after BARC and animal rights groups lashed out and accused her of animal cruelty.      It's come to my attention that the staff at the shelter where I adopted Lamby have a very different account of his early life and behavioral issues than I do. While I'm sorry to have disappointed them, I can't apologize. Lamby was and is one of the great loves of my life. When I met him I knew we'd have an amazing journey. But his aggression - which was unpredictable- and his particular issues, which remain myriad, weren't manageable, at least not by me. I did what I thought the best mother would do, which was to give him a life that provided for his specific needs. He'd been with me for nearly four years and I was his mom- I was in the best position to discern what those needs were. After countless hours of training, endless financial support and a lot of tears he was given access to a better life. I still support him financially and I'll always be there for him in every way but he's notably happier in his new surroundings. Why should this story be subject to scrutiny and anger? It is willfully misunderstanding the truth. I hope those judging can imagine the incredible pain of letting go of your favorite creature on EARTH because you know you can't help them be healthy and happy. I would never say an unkind word about the staff of BARC, what they do is amazing and life saving for these animals- but we have different accounts of Lamby's behavior and they were not present in my home nor did they live with him for an extended period. They did not witness the consistent and responsible care I provided. I have weathered a lot of micro-scandals but this one hurts MOST, because of the vulnerability of letting people know Lamby and my story, and because I miss him so damn much. This is the painting that greets me every day when I walk into my home. This is the animal who taught me about loving and letting go. I know I'm a lot of fun to place your issues on, but I won't let anyone hang their hat on this peg. Not this time. A post shared by Lena Dunham (@lenadunham) on Jul 6, 2017 at 5:36pm PDT/n