Kate Moss Joins Joanna Lumley and Jennifer Saunders for ‘Ab Fab: The Movie’ Premiere in London/n





                    Sex, Drugs, and the Possible Murder of Kate Moss
                







The 'Absolutely Fabulous' Movie Trailer Is Here (and It's Fabulous)

 MORE >>





Absolutely Fabulous: The Movie’s world premiere in London last night (June 29, 2016) brought out supermodels like Kate Moss, Jerry Hall and Jourdan Dunn in addition to the movie’s stars, Joanna Lumley and Jennifer Saunders.

Moss (who is killed off in the film) walked the red carpet with Stella McCartney, both of whom have roles in the movie based on the TV sitcom which originally ran in the ’90s.





CREDIT: AKM-GSI




Kate Moss, Joanna Lumley, Jennifer Saunders and More at Absolutely Fabulous: The Movie Premiere	








































23 Photos »


Kylie Minogue looked stunning in bright red with her fiancé Joshua Sasse, while Saunders and Lumley looked as fabulous as ever.





CREDIT: AKM-GSI


Critic-wise, the movie is faring incredibly well thus far and has a 91% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. The Guardian writes: “Basically, Joanna Lumley saves this film: she has an imperishable hauteur and comedy-charisma. She is the garden bridge that stops this film from collapsing into the Thames. You don’t need silly cameos when you’ve got Lumley.”





CREDIT: Getty Images


Variety comments on the movie’s entertainment value: “‘Why does she stay with you?’ young Lola asks Eddy about Patsy, whose loyalty holds as fast as her Botox-pumped face. ‘Because it’s bloody good fun,’ comes the incredulous reply. Sometimes bloody good fun is enough. It’s as good a reason as any for making this sunny, silly rallying cry for irresponsibility, and a better one still for watching it.
Other celebs who make cameos in the film, which hits theaters in the states on July 22, 2016, include: Gwendoline Christie, Jon Hamm, Rebel Wilson, Suki Waterhouse, Alexa Chung and Lara Stone, amongst others.
Watch the Ab Fab trailer below, and see all the red carpet pics in the gallery above.

/n