Fox Suspends Host Charles Payne Amid Explosive Sexual Assault Allegations/n
Fox Business Network has suspended its Making Money host Charles Payne amid sexual assault allegations brought to light by a former female commentator, RadarOnline.com has learned.
“We take issues of this nature extremely seriously and have a zero-tolerance policy for any professional misconduct,” Fox released in a statement.
The network added: “This matter is being thoroughly investigated and we are taking all of the appropriate steps to reach a resolution in a timely manner.”
PHOTOS: ‘Terribly Sad’: Celebrities & Colleagues React To Roger Ailes’ Sudden Death
Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison, the law firm that’s handled the network’s previous sexual assault cases, is investigating that of Payne’s.
The alleged victim, identified as conservative analyst Scottie Nell Hughes, claimed she was kicked off the network after her affair with Payne ended. She added that she only stayed in the relationship because she thought it would help her career, and when she broke it off, her airtime was cut back dramatically.
Apart from suing Payne, Hughes she is also working on filing a lawsuit against Fox Business Network.
The commentator claimed she tried to address the situation to Payne and Fox News executive Bill Shine – who resigned in May – but was unsuccessful.
According to the L.A. Times, Payne admitted to having had a “romantic relationship” with a former CNN political analyst, he has however negated any ties to Hughes.
PHOTOS: So Chilling! See Where Roger Ailes Collapsed Before His Death
As Radar readers know, Payne’s sexual assault allegations come as no surprise to the network, as former Fox star Bill O’Reilly was let go for the same motive. Francisco Cortes was also bashed for assaulting political commentator, Tamara Holder, and Roger Ailes resigned after being accused of a similar attack.
As of now, Payne’s lawyer Neal Koval, has claimed that the host denies having had any sexual contact with Hughes, yet the case is still under investigation.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n