News. This well-known character (and actor) will be written off during the current second season, marking the third death in less than a year. Jolene (Sylvia Jeffries) and Dante (Jay Hernandez) were killed off in a murder-suicide in the show.../n
Who knew the country music scene was so…deadly?!Another big death is coming to ABC's Nashville, sources confirm exclusively to E! News.This well-known character (and actor) will be written off during the current second season, marking the third death in less than a year. Jolene (Sylvia Jeffries) and Dante (Jay Hernandez) were killed off in a murder-suicide in the show's season finale in May.

The ABC drama has been aggressively ramping up its soapy factor this season (after saying goodbye to two producers, including music producer T Bone Burnett), and the shift in tone has been paying off in the ratings, which have inched up to more than 5 million viewers for the latest new episode. ABC also decided to keep the show going through January and February, instead of taking the originally planned midseason break. All signs of upward momentum.We can't spill the beans and say exactly who dies (what fun would that be?!), but we can give you a list of 10 characters, and play a fun little game with you to narrow the list even more.The death is one of these people:

Rayna (Connie Britton)Scarlett (Clare Bowen)Juliette (Hayden Panettiere)Teddy (Eric Close)Deacon (Charles Esten)Gunnar (Sam Palladio)Tandy (Judith Hoag)Lamar (Powers Boothe)Peggy (Kimberly Williams-Paisley)Will (Chris Carmack)Avery (Jonathan Jackson)

PHOTOS: 12 Shows That Are Way Up--or Way Down--in the Ratings

Now, here's how this works: We'll happily knock off a few more of the candidates, one by one. You just need to RT this story link on Twitter with the hashtag #NashvilleDeath. And make sure you are following @kristindsantos. For every 100 RT's, we'll bump another name off the list. For as long as we can. We don't want to give away too much! Now get busy, and follow @kristindsantos for updates!UPDATE, Wednesday, Dec. 4 at 11:00 am: You've retweeted enough via Twitter to bump two names of the list. Congrats! We are crossing off:Avery (Jonathan Jackson)Lamar (Powers Boothe)Keep RTing #NashvilleDeath and follow @kristindsantos. Only one tweet per person counts, so tell all your Nashville-loving friends! When you hit another 100 RT's, we'll bump one more name off the list.UPDATE, Thursday, Dec. 5 at 11:30 a.m.: Congrats! You've retweeted enough to bump another name off the list.Rayna (Connie Britton)That's the last name we can eliminate, at the request of the fine people who make this fine show. But we can tell you now when the big death will happen: In the next episode, Wednesday, Dec. 11! So make sure you tune in for what is sure to be one of the most gripping episodes yet.Who do you think will get killed off? Post your best theories below, or tweet them to @kristindsantos! Initial story originally published Monday, Dec. 4.
/n