Norah O’Donnell Fills Up on Fruits and Veggies: What She Eats in a Day/n
Since CBS This Morning anchor Norah O’Donnell has an early wake-up call (3:30 a.m.!), the 43-year-old says she relies on consistency to power through her days.
O’Donnell says she keeps her diet simple, having almost the same breakfast and lunch every day. When it comes to dinner, she likes to cook healthy meals for her family, which inspired her to team up with her husband Chef Geoff Tracy to write a cookbook titled Baby Love.
“Sometimes it’s even a healthy twist on fajita night with fresh guacamole and homemade salsa,” she tells PEOPLE.
O’Donnell, who is a mom to 10-year-old twins Grace and Henry and 9-year-old daughter Riley, says when she isn’t being active with them, she works out with her trainer Kira Stokes or walks the golf course with her husband on the weekends.
RELATED LINK: What Julianne Hough Eats in a Day
“I work out with my trainer twice a week and run on my own about three miles each day when I’m not with her,” O’Donnell says.
For more on O’Donnell’s food diary, pickup a copy of PEOPLE, on newsstands now.
Hydration
2 liters of water
Breakfast
Nonfat Greek yogurt with 2 tbsp. flaxseeds and ½ cup of blueberries
Two cups of black coffee
Snack
Fruit bowl with 1 green apple, ½ banana, 3 pieces of melon, 3 pieces of pineapple and 3 strawberries
One cup of black tea with a splash of nonfat milk
Lunch
1 cup of lentil soup
½ cup of hummus with cucumbers
Snack
Health Warrior Chia bar
RELATED LINK: What Jenna Dewan Tatum Eats in a Day
Dinner
Homemade chicken soup
Arugula salad with shaved parmesan, lemon and olive oil
WATCH THIS: Oprah’s Tips to Losing Weight! Hint, it Involves Eating Bread!

Total Calories:
1,433
The Verdict:
O’Donnell’s consistency “takes the guesswork out of maintaining a healthy routine,” says Atlanta-based dietitian Marisa Moore. And, she adds, the lentil soup in O’Donnell’s lunch is “fiber-packed and a protein powerhouse.” But since she runs 3 miles a day and works out with a trainer twice a week, Moore suggests the busy mom add whole grains to her meals to replenish lost energy.
NOTE: It is recommended that women eat at least 1,200 calories per day, and men eat at least 1,800 calories per day.
/n