Mark Zuckerberg Flees Tech Event Early After Posting Wife Baby Bump Photo/n
Mark Zuckerberg reportedly didn’t seem like such a happy camper when he attended the Sun Valley, Idaho tech conference this weekend.
According to the Daily Mail,  Zuckerberg, 33, ditched the meeting after the other tech people fawned over President Donald Trump‘s daughter Ivanka and her husband Jared Kushner.
Zuckerberg left on Saturday reportedly after less than 24 hours at the annual Allen & Company conference. Then he shared his joy with the world by posting his first official photo of himself with pregnant wife Priscilla Chan.
PHOTOS: Mark Zuckerberg’s New $7 Million House
Doctor Chan, who is expecting the couple’s second child later this year, had previously shared some online baby bump photos of just herself, but this weekend, fans could see a smiling photo of the couple and her pregnant form.
“One of my favorite shots on top of a huge healthy glacier in Alaska with a pregnant Priscilla a couple weeks back”‘ wrote Zuckerberg on Facebook about their Fourth of July holiday there.
Their daughter Maxima was born in 2015. Zuckerberg and Chan, who works in philanthropy, married in 2012, as Radar has reported.
PHOTOS: Mark Zuckerberg & Priscilla Chan Yacht Medittereanian Romance
Zuckerberg has more than one reason to smile as Forbes reported that a surge in Facebook stock in the past five days has earned the CEO an additional $3.5 billion, bringing his total wealth to $66.7 billion, as the Daily Mail noted.
That makes Zuckerberg the sixth richest person in the world!
But the Daily Mail report described the billionaire as looking like “Charlie Brown” at the conference as he appeared without Chan and wearing his trademark jeans and sloppy tee-shirt.
PHOTOS: Mark Zuckerberg Honeymoons On The Amalfi Coast
Zuckerberg “looked tense” and attended a session with Ivanka and her husband Jared, who have become hugely high profile since her dad’s successful run for the Presidency.
The tech titan has been touring the U.S. listening to people as it’s rumored he’s considering a 2020 run for President.
Zuckerberg was in Montana, far away from the tech event, by Saturday afternoon.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n