Payback! Apollo Nida Sells Off His Prized Possessions To Settle $2M Debt/n
Apollo Nida is slowly paying back his enormous $2 Million dollar restitution bill for the victims of his federal mail, wire and bank fraud crimes, RadarOnline.com has learned.
According to a source in the US Attorney’s Office, the Real Housewives Of Atlanta star has paid back $118,406 so far.
It’s a drop in the bucket, but a large one considering that around this time last year he had paid back just over $8,000. The big bump in restitution includes the sale of his 1964 Buick Skylark, which was taken by marshals and sold at auction.
PHOTOS: “Felon Fiancé! Meet Apollo Nida’s New Wife-To-Be” is locked
The Skylark fetched $6,500, according to a source close to the case. Nida also had other personal property taken and sold before that, including an ATV and a pricey Ducati motorcycle, both of which were taken by US Marshals from fellow RHOA star Kandi Burruss‘s house!
Nida has served just over two years of his eight-year sentence, leaving him plenty of time to make it right.
Meanwhile, he continues to try to extricate himself from his marriage to Phaedra Parks. As Radar reported, Parks recently attempted to divorce him, but a judge nullified the divorce after deciding the divorce was unfair, because Nida was not informed of the final hearing when the it was granted.
PHOTOS: LEAKED! Who Earns What On ‘The Real Housewives Of Atlanta’ Revealed
Now, he’ll go back to square one with the divorce and will be able to try and prove his claim to their multi-million dollar marital home and other personal property.
Nida also has taken up a romance while behind bars, despite the fact that he’s technically still married. Nida and New Jersey woman Sherien Almufti got engaged late last year from the slammer.
Nida’s federal attorney declined to comment.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n