Naked Men You Could Ever Need Of course, medical jargon is not the only thing that's new this year. As we've seen in multiple promos, Lea Michele's Hester appears to be rocking a Hannibal Lecter mask, and a new role among the .../n
Goodbye sorority, hello hospital. It's a whole new Scream Queens tonight when the Fox horror comedy returns for season two, and we got all the details from the set. "It's Dean Munsch's hospital, and she brings the Chanels back. We don't know why," Jamie Lee Curtis tells E! News' Carissa Culiner of just what's going down when Scream Queens picks up. Of course, if Grey's Anatomy/ER/Chicago Med/Code Black/House/all of TV has taught us anything, we know that hospital show means medical jargon, and apparently Scream Queens is not lacking in that department. "There are some people that have quite mouthfuls," Curtis reveals. "Big, large, juicy mouthfuls of technical terms. So far, I'm the card-carrying adult on the show, I can throw my terms down pretty well. Some of the youngins are not struggling with them, but they definitely are a mouthful for them." 

Of course, medical jargon is not the only thing that's new this year. As we've seen in multiple promos, Lea Michele's Hester appears to be rocking a Hannibal Lecter mask, and a new role among the Chanels. "We ended season one where Hester got away with, you know, pinning it on the Chanels, so now it looks like maybe things have changed," Michele says. "Now with maybe a new killer about town, everyone comes to Hester for her genius advice and opinions on who it is and how to catch them. That's as much as I can give away, but that does sort of mirror Silence of the Lambs and Hannibal Lecter, so I'm so excited and happy with my storyline this year." 

Also new this season? Men! Or at least some new men who weren't around last year. John Stamos and Taylor Lautner are scrubbing in as two hot docs for season two, and based on everything we've seen and heard so far, there's some serious emphasis on the word "hot." "Glen [Powell] and I, who plays Chad Radwell, we had a scene in the shower," Stamos reveals, referring to that shower scene we've heard so much about. "I wore sort of a g-stringy kind of thing, but I don't know what he did.  He tied some rope around himself and walked around...He didn't care." There's also going to be plenty of hook ups and makeouts, even if Hester wasn't invited. "I was like, I was available," Michele says of multiple promo scenes featuring hot hook ups. "I got put in the Hannibal Lecter mask, but I could have offered my services." 

But don't be fooled—Scream Queens isn't all just sex and nudity, though those things definitely don't hurt. "It's very smart," Stamos says of season two. "I think it's more accessible this year, being in the hospital. I think the girls are a little more relatable for me, and it's like, if you're switching your channels and you come upon me and Glen's ass, you're going to stop and watch, I think." Scream Queens premieres tonight at 9 p.m. on Fox, but click play on the videos above for more scoop right now.
/n