all! After two characters from Asylum were revealed to be showing up on American Horror Story: Freak Show, Pepper (Naomi Grossman) and Sister Mary Eunice (Lily Rabe), fans began to theorize that all of the seasons of the FX hit are somehow c.../n
We have good news for your crazy conspiracy theorists: You're not so crazy after all!After two characters from Asylum were revealed to be showing up on American Horror Story: Freak Show, Pepper (Naomi Grossman) and Sister Mary Eunice (Lily Rabe), fans began to theorize that all of the seasons of the FX hit are somehow connected.And now, co-creator Ryan Murphy has finally ended the speculation: All of AHS' seasons are in fact connected!"They're all connected. We're just beginning to tell you how they're connected," Murphy said in an interview with EW.com. "They're all very separate but there's clues every season that we're now telling you how the different worlds are intertwined."

Murphy also revealed that some of the fan theories he's read online are "completely right," saying, "That's the fun of the show. Hopefully by the end of the run, be it 10 years or 15 years, people will be able to stand back and be able to say, "Oh that was connected to x."Sister Eunice is the first major acknowledgement of the connection between the different seasons, with Murphy saying, "The interesting thing about doing a show like this is every season is incredibly its own story and its own beginning, middle and end. Its own journey. But we have always from the very beginning in the intertwining mythologies and how things connect. This is the first year where we begin to tell you that season two is connected to season four which is connected to season one...there's definitely a rhyme or a reason and a connectedness to all of these seasons, but in the same way, they're standalones, which is the fun of it. But it is a puzzle. And Lily coming back and dealing with Pepper is sort of the first unveiling of that connectedness."

And in addition to connecting to previous seasons, Freak Show already has dropped a "big season five clue," Murphy spilled: the top hat on the cup of coffee given to Maggie (Emma Roberts) by the police. Hm...Murphy also dropped a major spoiler about a fan favorite Freak Show character, who was (Spoiler Alert!) killed off in the most recent episode; though he died, Twisty the Clown will in fact he back later this season."Twisty is not over, and neither is Edward Mordrake. They both make triumphant returns," Murphy said. "I was shocked to read so many of these 'RIP Twisty' websites and blogs have sprung up. People love Twisty...He will return."American Horror Story: Freak Show airs Wednesdays, 10 p.m. on FX.
/n