The 2016 Fall Movie Guide/n





                    Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie Spend a Romantic Second Anniversary Together
                







Brad Pitt took his lovely wife, Angelina Jolie, to the Beverly Hills Hotel...

 MORE >>





Here are all the films headed your way!

Fall is nearly here! Before you know it, it’ll be awards season again. But first, there’s a cavalcade of new and exciting films making their way to the multiplex and vying for your attention. We’ve taken the liberty of rounding up all the buzz-worthy titles to get you primed!

Sully (Sept. 9)
This biopic from director Clint Eastwood tells the story of Chesley “Sully” Sullenberger (Tom Hanks), who became a hero after gliding his plane along the water in the Hudson River, saving the crew and passengers on board. The film also explores what happens after the events, including the investigation into Sully’s actions. Sully also stars Anna Gunn, Laura Linney and Aaron Eckhart.





Blair Witch (Sept. 16)
Those clever filmmakers disguised this sequel while it was being made, calling it The Woods, but at this year’s Comic-Con it was revealed that the film is indeed a follow-up to the 1999 indie horror gem The Blair Witch Project. The plot follows James (James Allen McCune), who is the brother of Heather from the first Blair Witch. He takes a group of friends into the demonic woods to try to figure out what happened to his sister – and then they experience it all for themselves. The trailer is creeepy!





Snowden (Sept. 16)
For his next film, director Oliver Stone has set his sights on telling the compelling story of Edward Snowden, the NSA whistleblower who leaked thousands of classified documents to the press, exposing how the US intelligence community can basically spy on anyone at any time. Played by Joseph Gordon-Levitt, we see Snowden become one of the NSA’s top analysts and how the work weighed heavily on him as his moral and ethical lines were blurred. The film also stars Shailene Woodley, Zachary Quinto, Tom Wilkinson and more.





The Magnificent Seven (Sept. 23)
As a remake of the 1960 film (which, in turn, was an American version of Akira Kurosawa’s Seven Samurai), the story is the same: The denizens of a small Western town pay hired guns to try to rid themselves of a sadistic criminal (Peter Sarsgaard) and his gang who are terrorizing them. Now, if they are going to redo a Western classic, then The Magnificent Seven is a good choice, especially with an all-star cast including Denzel Washington, Chris Pratt, Ethan Hawke, Vincent D’Onofrio, Haley Bennett and a stellar director like Antoine Fuqua (Training Day).





Storks (Sept. 23)
From the makers of The Lego Movie comes the animated film Storks, where in a twist, storks have moved on from delivering babies to delivering packages. Junior (Andy Samberg), the company’s top delivery stork, is about to be promoted when he accidentally activates the Baby Making Machine, producing an adorable baby girl, who also doesn’t have a family to go to. To cover up the blunder, Junior asks his human friend Tulip (Katie Crown) to help him deliver the baby somewhere, anywhere. The two, with baby in tow, embark on a wild journey that could make more than one family whole and restore the storks’ true mission in the world.  The other vocal talent includes Ty Burrell, Jennifer Aniston, Keegan-Michael Key, Jordan Peele and Kelsey Grammer.





Deepwater Horizon (Sept. 30)
Based on real-life events, this looks like it will be one of those films that will stick with you long after it ends. On April 20, 2010, the world’s largest man-made disaster occurred on the Deepwater Horizon oil drilling rig in the Gulf of Mexico. The explosion on the rig killed 11 crewmen and ignited a fireball that could not be extinguished and on April 22, it sank, leaving the well still gushing for another three months and causing the largest oil spill in US waters. Directed by Peter Berg, Deepwater Horizon shines a light on the brave men and women who saved many on board and stars Mark Wahlberg, Kurt Russell, John Malkovich, Gina Rodriguez, Dylan O’Brien and Kate Hudson.





Masterminds (Sept. 30)
This comedy gathers the likes of Zach Galifianakis, Kristen Wiig, Owen Wilson and Jason Sudeikis to pull off what looks like one helluva hilarious heist movie. Inspired by true events and directed by Jared Hess (Napoleon Dynamite), the story follows David (Galifianakis), an armored car driver bored with his life transporting millions of dollars around. But when he meets Kelly Campbell (Wiig), he find himself lured into the heist of a lifetime. Except, David finds himself double crossed and has to go on the lam, while a hitman (Sudeikis) tries to catch him.





Miss Peregrine’s Home for Peculiar Children (Sept. 30)
Oh, Tim Burton! You’ve found yourself another perfect project with the wickedly wild and magical Miss Peregrine’s Home for Peculiar Children. Based on the best-selling novel, Jake (Asa Butterfield) discovers an alternate universe and meets Miss Peregrine (Eva Green) at her secret Home for Peculiar Children, where the residents all have unusual abilities. But Jake soon learns he, too, has special gifts. However, there are powerful, hidden enemies ready to destroy it all. Jake must figure out who is real, who can be trusted, and who he really is.





Birth of a Nation (Oct. 7)
Written, directed and starring Nate Parker, this film takes a look at the 1831 slave rebellion, instigated and organized by Nat Turner after experiencing and witnessing years of oppression on a Southern plantation. The epic drama, which won the Grand Jury prize as the 2016 Sundance Film Festival, originally had Oscar contender written all over it, but the current real-life controversy surrounding Parker and a rape charge when he was in college, may dampen its chances. Still, it’s a powerful trailer.





The Girl on the Train (Oct. 7)
Based on the best-selling page turner from Paula Hawkins, the story centers on Rachel Watson (Emily Blunt), a emotionally damaged woman who is struggling with life after her divorce. Every day, she takes the train in to work in New York, which passes by her old house in which her ex-husband (Justin Theroux) and new wife (Rebecca Ferguson) now live. However, two doors down lives Megan and Scott (Haley Bennett and Luke Evans) a couple with whom Rachel is enraptured. She fantasizes about their perfect life from her spot on the train. That is, until Rachel sees something that shatters her illusions – and Megan goes missing the next day. It also stars Allison Janney and Édgar Ramírez.





The Accountant (Oct. 14)
It might be a stretch, but Ben Affleck as a genius mathematician savant/accountant who cooks the books for a crime syndicate is this film’s premise. But when he decides to go legit and un-cook some of those books to discover an awful truth, the body count rises. Directed by Warrior helmer Gavin O’Connor, the thriller co-stars Anna Kendrick, Jeffrey Tambor and John Lithgow.





Jack Reacher: Never Go Back (Oct. 21)
In this sequel, Jack Reacher (Tom Cruise) must uncover the truth behind a major government conspiracy in order to clear his name. On the run as a fugitive from the law, Reacher uncovers a potential secret from his past that could change his life forever. Directed by Edward Zwick, the actioner also co-stars Cobie Smulders.





Keeping Up with the Joneses (Oct. 21)
It’s a Zach Galifianakis kind of season! Here’s another comedy he is starring in, in which he and his wife (Isla Fisher) find out their seemingly perfect new neighbors (Gal Gadot and Jon Hamm) are actually government spies. Soon the suburban couple find themselves embroiled in an international espionage plot. Let the hilarity ensue.





Inferno (Oct. 28)
As his alter ego Robert Langdon, Tom Hanks reunites with director Ron Howard to solve another mind-bender in order to stop a global pandemic in the third installment in the Dan Brown series. After waking up in an Italian hospital with memory loss, the famous symbologist ends up on a trail of clues tied to the great Dante himself. He teams up with Sienna Brooks (Felicity Jones), a doctor he hopes will help him recover his memories. Together, they race across Europe and against the clock to stop a madman from unleashing a global virus that would wipe out half of the world’s population.





Doctor Strange (Nov. 4)
Benedict Cumberbatch always seemed perfect to play the Marvel Comic character Doctor Strange, a prominent but arrogant surgeon, who nearly loses his life, yet is given a second chance when he is taken in by a mystic sorcerer named the Ancient One (Tilda Swinton) to learn the tricks of the trade in order to fight evil. Honestly, this looks like a cross between The Matrix and Inception. It also stars Chiwetel Ejiofor, Mads Mikkelsen and Rachel McAdams.





Hacksaw Ridge (Nov. 4)
In the latest directorial effort from Mel Gibson, this WWII drama shines a light on the true story of Cpl. Desmond Doss (Andrew Garfield), who joined the service as a medic but because he was a Seventh-day Adventist, he also stood by his religious beliefs not touch a gun or directly take a human life. Doss was eventually sent to Okinawa, where he was involved in the 1945 Battle of Okinawa, a two-week confrontation between US and Japanese soldiers that took place on “Hacksaw Ridge” on the Japanese island. This could be an Oscar contender.





Trolls (Nov. 4)
That’s right, those lovable toys are making their way to the big screen with a swarm of talent to back them up. Branch (Justin Timberlake) is a loner troll who at first begrudgingly goes along with Poppy (Anna Kendrick) on a mission to rescue Troll Town from pessimistic creatures called Bergens. Besides Timberlake and Kendrick, the case of voice actors also includes Zooey Deschanel, James Corden, Russell Brand and more!





Arrival (Nov. 11)
When several alien spacecrafts appear out of nowhere all over the globe, a team of experts including Dr. Louise Banks (Amy Adams), a mathematician named Ian Donnelly (Jeremy Renner) and U.S. Colonel Weber (Forest Whitaker) come together in order to try and find a way to communicate with the visitors…before it’s too late.





Almost Christmas (Nov. 11)
A big, raucous family comes together to celebrate the holidays for the first time since the death of their beloved mother. Personalities clash and the eggnog flows in this heartwarming offering. The cast includes Kimberly Elise, Omar Epps, Danny Glover, Gabrielle Union, Mo’Nique and Jessie Usher.





Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them (Nov. 18)
The wizarding world heads to the U.S. for this new franchise from J.K Rowling about Newt Scamander (Eddie Redmayne), a magizoologist who must track down numerous escaped creatures in 1926 America, when tensions between magical and non-magical folk are at a boiling point. The film’s cast also includes Ezra Miller, Ron Perlman, Jon Voight, Colin Farrell and Zoe Kravitz.





Allied (Nov. 23)
Brad Pitt and Marion Cotillard star in this new WWII espionage film based on a true story about pair of spies who fall in love while both attempting to assassinate a powerful Nazi official. The supporting cast includes Matthew Goode, Jared Harris and Lizzy Caplan.





Bad Santa 2 (Nov. 23)
Nothing says “happy holidays” quite like the go-for-broke comedic lunacy of this franchise. Billy Bob Thornton reprises his roles as Willie T. Stokes, the amoral alcoholic mall Santa out to find an easy buck.  The sequel is packed with talent including Kathy Bates, Tony Cox, Christina Hendricks and Octavia Spencer.





Moana (Nov. 23)
Newcomer Auli’i Cravalho provides the voice of the titular character in this new animated Disney release about the daughter of a South Pacific chief who goes on a journey to find a mysterious island with the demi-god Maui (voiced by Dwayne Johnson). Oh and the music for the film was co-written by Hamilton’s Lin-Manuel Miranda. Other characters are voiced by Nicole Scherzinger and Jermaine Clement.





Rules Don’t Apply (Nov. 23)
Marla Mabrey (Lily Collins) arrives in 1958 Hollywood ready to make a name for herself as an actress. She soon meets Frank Forbes (Alden Ahrenreich) and the two are instantly drawn together. However, both are employees of the eccentric billionaire Howard Hughes (played by Warren Beatty) who forbids his employees from getting romantic. The supporting cast includes Matthew Broderick, Alec Baldwin, Steven Coogan, Annette Benning, Martin Sheen and tons more.





Office Christmas Party (Dec. 9)
With his branch of the company on the chopping block, Clay Vanstone (T.J. Miller) must throw the mother of all Christmas parties in order to win over a potential client and save all of his employees’ jobs. Naturally, everything that could go wrong, does. This insane cast also includes Jason Bateman, Jennifer Aniston, Kate McKinnon and Olivia Munn.





Rogue One: A Star Wars Story (Dec. 16)
In what is undisputedly the most anticipated film of the year, this new adventure actually takes place prior to the events of A New Hope. A team led by Jyn Erso (Felicity Jones) is assembled to attempt to steal the plans to the first Death Star. Basically, it’s a heist film in the Star Wars universe. Oh, and because this movie is set before the original trilogy, Darth Vader’s back! The cast includes Diego Luna, Ben Mendelsohn, Mads Mikkelson and Forest Whitaker.





Assassin’s Creed (Dec. 21)
Although adaptations from video games are almost always disastrous, this might just be the exception. Callum Lynch (Michael Fassbender) is a career criminal rescued from execution by a mysterious corporation that forces him to participate in a project which allows him to experience one of his ancestor’s memories. This particular ancestor is an assassin during the Spanish Inquisition. Soon the skills of his past life help him battle his enemies in the present day. The cast also includes Marion Cotillard, Jeremy Irons and Brendan Gleeson.





Passengers (Dec. 21)
Starring Chris Pratt and Jennifer Lawrence, this new sci-fi drama tells the story of a spacecraft transporting thousands of people to a habitable planet 120 years from Earth, so they can start over. Due to a ship malfunction, Jim Preston (Pratt) and Aurora Dunn (Lawrence) both wake to find themselves another 90 years from their destination and the rest of the passengers still in suspended animation. As they begin to fall in love, they discover that their ship is experiencing some serious problems.





CREDIT: Jaimie Trueblood/Entertainment Weekly


Sing (Dec. 21)
In world populated by animals, a koala named Buster Moon (Matthew McConaughey) is struggling to keep his theater open. So, he and his sheep pal Eddie (John C. Reilly) decide to hold a singing competition in order to drum up some press. Before they know it, the whole town is vying for the stage. The sterling supporting cast of voice actors includes Scarlett Johnasson, Reese Witherspoon, Seth MacFarlane, Nick Offerman and more.





The Space Between Us (Dec. 21)
In a film that is equal parts sci-fi drama and coming-of-age romance, Asa Butterfield plays Gardner Elliot, the first child raised on Mars. However, when he homes back to Earth as a teenager, his body is ill-equipped to handle the planet’s gravity, making him vulnerable. But that doesn’t stop Gardner from escaping his confines to find Tulsa (Britt Robertson) a girl he has been video-chatting with on Mars, and exploring all the colorful diversity of the strange, new planet. All the while, scientists are desperately searching for him.





/n