‘The Walking Dead’ Will Return for an Eighth Season/n





                    Norman Reedus Hints at Identity of Negan's Victim
                







Norman Reedus dropped some season seven hints on Jimmy Fallon

 MORE >>





We may soon see the last of a beloved character, but our favorite zombie horror TV show isn’t leaving us anytime soon. Even though season seven of  AMC’s The Walking Dead won’t begin for a few more days, the network announced an eighth season will premiere in late 2017.

The announcement came in the form of a tweet from The Walking Dead’s official Twittter: “Killer News! #TWD is returning for Season 8 in 2017.”

Killer news! #TWD is returning for Season 8 in 2017. https://t.co/zxh06yqF5q pic.twitter.com/MU2CBOQdvi
— The Walking Dead AMC (@WalkingDead_AMC) October 17, 2016

The tweet links to a blog post on AMC.com that provided a little more detail and a quote from AMC President Charlie Collier.
“What a joy to partner with Robert Kirkman,  Scott M. Gimple and some of the hardest-working people in television to bring The Walking Dead to the fans. And, most important, thanks to those fans for breathing life into this remarkable series right along with us.”
The post also mentions that the season eight premiere will also be the show’s 100th episode. Fans of the show should definitely not miss that.
However they plan to celebrate that milestone, the only question anyone is asking right now is, “Who did Negan kill?” We won’t know for sure until the episode airs, but there are hints out there.
In an interview with Entertainment Tonight, show-runner Gimple explained why this death is going to be different from all the others we’ve seen so far. According to Gimple, the reason this death is different is that it’s purposeful. It’s not another loss at the hands of the Walkers, it’s Negan taking autonomy away from the group.


‘Walking Dead’: New On-Set Photos Tease Who Survived the Season 6 Finale








































16 Photos »


“They’re moving into a whole new reality,” Gimple told ET, “and it’s not the reality they want to live in, but they have to.”
We’ll find out what he means when The Walking Dead returns this Sunday, Oct. 23.
/n