Takes Amal Home to Kentucky for a Family Reunion—Get the Scoop! It's a Hollywood homecoming! George Clooney took his wife Amal back to his hometown of Augusta, Ky., for an annual family reunion earlier this week, E! News has learned. Th.../n
It's a Hollywood homecoming!George Clooney took his wife Amal back to his hometown of Augusta, Ky., for an annual family reunion earlier this week, E! News has learned.The newlyweds stopped by several of the actor's favorite spots, including Magee's Bakery, where he showed his leading lady the ins and outs of the town's finest foods."George grew up around here," Russell Dickson, the co-owner of the baker told us. "They both ordered transparents. It's also called clear pie or cellophane pie. It's made of eggs, butter, sugar and milk. It was her first time having one and she absolutely loved it."Dickson also chatted with the Brit beauty about how she's finding Southern food thus far, and it turns out, she likes it!

"She mentioned she's just become a fan of country breakfasts, biscuits and gravy," he shared.And Dickson admits that despite being one of the most famous stars around the globe, Clooney is still "the same guy, still a practical joker."He added, "We caught up on what's new with everyone. They said they were having a good time in town."Meanwhile, word spread quickly around town that the Tomorrowland actor was in Augusta for his yearly family visit.According to a source, the 54-year-old was even spotted playing basketball in the Augusta High School gym with a bunch of students. Now that we wish we could have seen!And on Tuesday night, we're told the family got together for a private party where Amal was introduced to several people who weren't able to attend the wedding."He was really excited to introduce her to those who didn't go to the wedding or didn't know much about her.  He's proud. They are a loving couple and he seemed very proud," our insider gushed.The Clooney's trip down South comes on the heels of the two traipsing around the world to help promote the Disney flick.Hope they're enjoying some quality family time!—Additional reporting by Senta Scarborough
/n