Why Amelia's Latest Grey's Anatomy Meltdown Makes the Time Right for a Visit From Addison Oh, Amelia Shephard, you poor, damaged thing. After genuine excitement over a possible pregnancy gave way to genuine relief when it turned ou.../n
Oh, Amelia Shephard, you poor, damaged thing.After genuine excitement over a possible pregnancy gave way to genuine relief when it turned out she was not with child on last week's Grey's Anatomy, we found the surgeon, as ever, this close from spinning out of control this week as memories of her Private Practice past crept in. Namely, the baby with no brain she was forced to give birth to and watch die. After delivering the horrible news to another mother that her young son didn't survive surgery triggered a meltdown, Amelia (Catrina Scorsone) opened up to Alex (Justin Chambers) of all people, but by episode's end, she was still keeping her grim past a secret from new hubby Owen (Kevin McKidd).

With the three-plus seasons worth of the character's history from the Shondaland spinoff finally making their way to the flagship series, and with Amelia horrified to share her dark story with anyone in her new life, the time is right for a confidante from her old life down south in Los Angeles to make the trek to Seattle.Enter: Addison Montgomery.Think about it. Who better to counsel Amelia through her resurging feelings over her traumatic past than Kate Walsh's alter ego? She knows the hospital, she knows Amelia, and she's overdue for a visit. It was egregious when Addison wasn't seen or heard from in the wake of ex-husband Derek's (Patrick Dempsey) death—the less said about that funeral scene with no one familiar in it, the better—and we've just plain miss the character ever since Private Practice signed off for good in 2013.

For what it's worth, Scorsone seems keen on the idea, telling THR, "You should call Kate and tell her to come, I would love it if she would come and do an arc — I bet she would. It would be fantastic if she came and visited for a while. Maybe she could do something with Arizona [Jessica Capshaw] since they both do neo-natal surgery."We haven't seen Walsh on TV since her ill-fated NBC comedy Bad Judge came and went in 2014. Though she's due to star in Netflix's upcoming 13 Reasons Why, we've got a feeling she could make the time for a visit to Grey Sloan Memorial. Just imagine Addison reacting to news that Alex might be going to jail or simply her interacting with Meredith (Ellen Pompeo) after all these years.Your move, Shonda Rhimes.Do you want to see Addison again? Sound off in the comments below.Grey's Anatomy airs Thursdays at 8 p.m. on ABC.
/n