 I Can ‘Give Up And F*****g Die:’ Chester Bennington's Final Interview Before Suicide.../n
.

Late Linkin Park singer Chester Bennington’s final interview before his shocking suicide has been exposed, RadarOnline.com can reveal.
The late star, who battled with extreme depression, said in an interview with the Mirror: “I came to a point in my life where I was like, ‘I can either just give up and f*****g die or I can f*****g fight for what I want.’”
Claiming that he chose to face his depression head-on, he added: “I chose to fight for what I wanted. I wanted to have good relationships. I wanted to love the people in my life. I wanted to enjoy my job.”
The 41-year-old rocker, who has six children said: “I wanted to enjoy being a dad and having friends and just getting up in the morning. Because that was a struggle for me.”
PHOTOS: See Linkin Park’s Chester Bennington’s Death Scene In Shocking New Photos
As Radar readers know, the beloved American songwriter was found dead in his Palos Verdes home this Thursday morning after he allegedly hung himself.
The suicide chillingly mimicked that of his late friend Chris Cornell, who killed himself this past May. The incident also occurred on the late Audioslave rocker’s birthday.
Sources say Bennington was devastated by Cornell’s death, and it may have sparked him to take his own life as his depression rose.
“Chester and Chris were so close, and he was never the same after Chris’s death,” an insider exclusively told Radar.
PHOTOS: Depression, Drugs & Abuse! Inside The Tragic Life Of Linkin Park’s Chester Bennington
His apparent suicide coincided with Cornell’s birthday. The Soundgarden rocker killed himself in May by hanging.
As Radar previously revealed, the singer had a long history of drug-abuse and depression. Just this past February he event hinted at suicide in the band’s single Heavy, with the lyrics: “If I just let go, I’d be set free.”
Despite his alcohol and drug problems, sources believe it was the singer’s demons that led him to ending his life.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n