‘Teen Mom’ Divorce! Leah Messer’s Family Gets Another Marital Blow/n
Leah Messer’s younger sister is following in her footsteps when it comes to marriage! Victoria Messer has filed for divorce from her husband of two years, and RadarOnline.com can reveal exclusive details on their broken marriage.
According to a clerk from the Kanawha County Circuit Court, Victoria filed for divorce from Brian Jones.
The Ashley’s Reality Roundup was the first to report on the split, as Victoria and Brian changed their relationship statuses to “single” on Facebook.
Victoria and Brian, who got married in April 2015, have made appearances alongside Leah on Teen Mom 2 over the years. They share six-month-old daughter Cami.
PHOTOS: Leah Messer Lets Loose In Miami After Being SLAMMED For Bad Mom Behavior
The exes seem to be on good terms, as he praised her in a Facebook status earlier this month.
“I just want to say thanks to the most beautiful woman in the world Victoria Jones. She has been there for me when no one else was,” he wrote. “She give me hope even when I didn’t have it. She showed me love even when I didn’t, but the best thing of them all, she give me the most beautiful daughter in the world. When I saw her for the first time. I knew my family was completed. I will always love you Victoria and Cami.”
Brian has even expressed his heartache over the split.
“I just don’t care anymore. I’m so tired of people coming in to my life and then walking out,” he wrote, adding, “Here is a lot of things that can bring you down. It’s all how we handle it that keeps us going sometime. It can be bad sometimes, it can be good but the best thing to do is keep the bad always from us and keep a positive mind because in the end that’s what matters in life.”
PHOTOS: Cheating Bombshell! Jeremy Calvert Accused Of Having Sex With ‘Teen Mom’ Producer
As for Victoria, she seems to be taking the split well, as she’s been spotted partying with Leah in recent weeks on social media.
As Radar readers know, Messer, 25, has been divorced twice.
She was married to Corey Simms from 2010 to 2011 and Jeremy Calvert from 2012 to 2015.
Why do you think they split? Tell us in the comments!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n