Harold Perrineau Defends His Daughter Aurora from Critics Saying She's 'Not Black Enough' for Jem and the Holograms/n
Harold Perrineau is sticking up for his daughter.   
In an essay published on The Wrap, Perrineau speaks out against those who have criticized his daughter, Aurora Perrineau, for not being “black enough” for her role in the film Jem and the Holograms.  
“The reason I’m so angry right now (and I’m sure that many people will be able to understand this) is that I feel like my daughter – MY CHILD – is being attacked,” he writes. “She is being harshly and unfairly judged during a time when she should be relishing her accomplishments.”  
Perrineau is responding to critics claiming that Aurora, 20, is not fit to portray an African-American character from the animated series on which the film is based due to the fact that she is only half-black. (Aurora’s mother is white.)   
Perrineau, 52, says he is baffled and outraged by people who have written articles about it and lashed out over social media, and he writes that some have even gone as far as to suggest the young actress “kill herself” for taking the role.   
However, the Lost actor writes that he wants to avoid “creating a bigger division” by arguing and simply poses the question: “Can we stop looking to Hollywood to define who we are and find ways that we can define ourselves?”   
Through his essay, Perrineau says he hopes to “reach the folks writing these articles and pointing fingers at young artists like my daughter and get them to use all of that creative fire and create characters that look, sound and feel like yourselves.”  
He also urges people to focus their energy on making a positive change, rather than spending their time tearing each other down.   
He continues: “We live in an incredibly creative time, where it may not be necessary to have big money and power to have your voices heard. Why not use your power there? Why not put out images you want to see for the reasons you feel are important.”      
/n