'RHOC' Star Alexa Curtin Gets Sentenced To 30 Thirty Days In Jail!/n
RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal that Real Housewives of Orange County star Alexa Curtin is in legal hot water once again!
The 23-year-old was sentenced to 30 days in jail stemming from a 2015 charge. Curtin was arrested on three misdemeanor charges of Petty Theft, Assault & Battery.
PHOTOS: Woo, Hoo! ‘Real Housewives of Orange County’ Star Vicki Gunvalson’s 15 Top Secrets & Scandals
The reality star was accused of committing several crimes when on September 30, 2015, she “did willfully and unlawfully steal, take, carry, lead, and drive away the personal property of MACY’s.”
Legal docs obtained by Radar revealed Alexa also attempted to commit a violent injury to Jane Doe (unnamed woman) on the same day.
PHOTOS: Results Are In! Oncologist Weighs In On ‘RHOC’ Brooks Ayers Cancer Documents — The Shocking Truth!
Curtin reached a plea in the case back in August 2016 in which she pled guilty to petty theft and battery —with the assault charge being dismissed.
The judge sentenced her to three years probation, plus 15 days Cal Trans/Physical Labor and ordered her to pay restitution and pay into the victim witness emergency fund.
PHOTOS: TV Fakery, Divorce, Criminal Charges & More: Yolanda Hadid’s Secrets Exposed
However, on May 11, 2017, the judge presiding over her criminal case revoked the probation because she violated the terms. Court records do not make clear exactly what she did to deter this condition.
But the judge was so unhappy she was sentenced to 30 days in jail with the option of 15 days service in lieu of jail — the court reinstated her probation on June 12th and it will continue until September 2019.
Curtin is also currently in the midst of her legal battle accusing an Orange County Sheriff of raping her during a traffic stop back in, April 2014, when she was 21-years-old. That case is headed to trial later this year.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n