Madonna Applies to Adopt Two More Children from Malawi/n





                    WATCH: Madonna Twerks on 'Carpool Karaoke'
                







Bitch, it's Madonna. 

 MORE >>





Madonna appeared in court before a High Court judge in Lilongwe, the capital of Malawi, to apply to adopt two more children from the country on Wednesday (Jan. 25, 2017).

USA Today reports that spokesman Mlenga Mvula says that it is now up to the court to decide whether they or not they will grant the adoption order. Madonna will have to wait at least a week before she hears the final decision on her application.
The singer previously adopted two children from Malawi: David Banda in 2006 and Mercy James in 2009. She has two other children from previous relationships, Lourdes and Rocco,. In 2016, Madonna lost a custody battle with her ex-husband Guy Ritchie over their son Rocco. The 16-year-old moved back to London to live with Ritchie.
According to the BBC, Madonna flew into the country on Tuesday after she attended the Women’s March in Washington D.C. over the weekend. She received backlash over a line from in her speech about her distaste for Donald Trump’s presidency in which she said, “Yes, I am outraged. Yes, I have thought an awful lot about blowing up the White House. But I know this won’t change anything. We cannot fall into despair.”
As a result, HITS 105, a radio station in Texarkana, Texas, announced that they will ban Madonna’s music from being played on their station.
“Banning all Madonna songs at HITS 105 is not a matter of politics, it’s a matter of patriotism,” HITS general manager Terry Thomas said in a statement. “It just feels wrong to us to be playing Madonna songs and paying her royalties when the artist has shown un-American sentiments. If all stations playing Madonna took their lead from us, that would send a powerful economic message to Madonna.”


Madonna Hosts Raising Malawi Event at Art Basel in Miami




























4 Photos »


Madonna clarified what she meant by her words in a post on Instagram.
“I am not a violent person, I do not promote violence and it’s important people hear and understand my speech in it’s entirety rather than one phrase taken wildly out of context,” Madonna wrote in the caption of a photo. “My speech began with ‘I want to start a revolution of love.’ I then go on to take this opportunity to encourage women and all marginalized people to not fall into despair but rather to come together and use it as a starting point for unity and to create positive change in the world.
“I spoke in metaphor and I shared two ways of looking at things — one was to be hopeful, and one was to feel anger and outrage, which I have personally felt. However, I know that acting out of anger doesn’t solve anything. And the only way to change things for the better is to do it with love.”
Madonna’s Instagram account is now set to private and the photo is unavailable.

UPDATE: Madonna since released a statement, saying, “I am in Malawi to check on the children’s hospital in Blantyre and my other work with Raising Malawi and then heading home. The rumors of an adoption process are untrue.”
/n