 No Kris Humphries Baggage! Kanye West Nixes Vera Wang As Fiance Kim Kardashian's.../n
Kanye West is in kontrol when it comes what his fiance Kim Kardashian will wear when she walks down the aisle, RadarOnline.com has learned.
The rap star has made it clear that he doesn’t want any baggage from his soon-to-be wife’s second marriage, to Boston Celtics power foward Kris Humphries, to be associated with their special day — including her choice of wedding gown!
“Kanye doesn’t want Vera Wang to design Kim’s wedding dress because that is who designed her dress when she married Humphries,” a family insider revealed to Radar.
In fact, Kim wore three different Vera Wang dresses during her televised E! wedding extravaganza with Humphries in 2011.
PHOTOS: 26 Extravagant Celebrity Weddings — Were These Nuptials Worth The Millions?
The gowns were valued at about $20,000 each, but reportedly were provided to Kim for free in exchange for the publicity.
“Even though Vera Wang is one of the top wedding designers in the world, Kanye won’t have her design Kim’s gown — even if it were offered for free! She’s the only designer who is out of bounds.
“He doesn’t want any comparisons to Kim’s past wedding dresses, especially because ever since he proposed at AT&T Park, the media has been having a field day comparing his engagement ring to the one Kris Humphries gave to Kim.”
Even before the rap star’s shock Monday night proposal, Kim had started looking for a gown during her recent trip to Paris fashion week with Kanye.
PHOTOS: Kanye V Kris V Damon — Who Gave Kim K. The Better Bling?
According to a source, 33-year-old Kim is now planning another trip to “The City Of Love” to talk to designers.
She’ll have plenty of choices from top designers from around the world, including Monique Lhuillier, Carolina Herrera, Marchesa, Pronovias, Ines di Santo and Reem Acra.
One thing is for certain: Kanye will also have some suggestions.
“Kanye is a huge fashion follower and has been vocal about Kim’s clothing choices, helping her craft a more streamlined, sophisticated style recently,” the source pointed out.
PHOTOS: Kim Kardashian Attends Concert For Fiance Kanye West
“It’s bad luck for a groom to see a bride’s wedding dress before the wedding, but that doesn’t mean Kanye can’t inspire her with some ideas!” /n