Selma Blair Apologizes for Plane Outburst, Ex Shares Photo of Their Son/n





                    Khloé Kardashian Hangs Out with Her TV Mom
                







There's your real mom, and then there's your TV mom.

 MORE >>





Selma Blair’s ex-boyfriend shared a photo of their son following reports of the actress’ mid-flight outburst.
“A new day & an early morning stick hunt with dad. #arthursaintbleick #everydayisbeautiful,” Jason Bleick wrote on Instagram just one day after Blair was reportedly hospitalized after she mixed drugs and alcohol during a flight back home from Cancun. She was later carried off on a stretcher.


Selma Blair's Summer Style In Hollywood








































7 Photos »


Bleick was on the same flight as the Cruel Intentions alum after the family had vacationed together for Father’s Day.






 A new day & an early morning stick hunt with dad. #arthursaintbleick #everydayisbeautiful
A photo posted by Jason Bleick (@jasonbleick) on Jun 21, 2016 at 7:33am PDT



Meanwhile, TMZ has obtained photos of Blair on the airplane while she had her meltdown. In them, she is comforted by two nurses, as she receives oxygen to calm her down. We can even see her head propped up with a pillow for comfort.
Blair later apologized about the outburst, telling Vanity Fair in a statement, “I made a big mistake yesterday. After a lovely trip with my son and his Dad, I mixed alcohol with medication, and that caused me to black out and led me to say and do things that I deeply regret. My son was with his Dad asleep with his headphones on, so there is that saving grace. I take this very seriously, and I apologize to all of the passengers and crew that I disturbed and am thankful to all of the people who helped me in the aftermath. I am a flawed human being who makes mistakes and am filled with shame over this incident. I am truly very sorry.”


Selma Blair Takes a Stroll With Son Arthur and BF Jason Bleick








































7 Photos »


/n