Kendall Jenner Thinking of Moving Out of Her $6.5 Million Mansion/n





                    Kylie Jenner Is Now Living in This $35 Million Mansion
                







How many houses does a girl need?!

 MORE >>










                    14 Things You Learn When You're Taking a Tour of Kylie Jenner's House
                







Step inside Kylie Jenner's world.

 MORE >>





Kendall Jenner is ready for a big move.

The model is said to be eyeing houses in the $15 million range near Los Angeles’ Bel Air and Beverly Hills neighborhoods. According to TMZ, the 21-year-old wants to ditch her $6.5 million residence above the Sunset Strip — which she purchased from Emily Blunt and John Krasinski last summer — after experiencing two separate break-ins.
In 2016, Kendall had a brush with her alleged stalker on the property when a man named Shavaughn McKenzie followed her onto her driveway and started banging on her car window. “I’ve never been so scared in my life,” she later told a judge in her court testimony. “This is not how I want to be living … I really don’t feel safe in my own house.”


Inside Kendall Jenner's $6.5 Million House








































47 Photos »


Earlier this year, the reality star’s privacy was invaded yet again when someone broke into her home and robbed her of $200,000 in personal belongings. Fortunately, Kendall was not on the premise during the crime.
Sitting at 4,800 square feet, Kendall’s current digs boasts six bedrooms and four-and-a-half bathrooms along with a gourmet kitchen, a home gym, a massage room, and a rooftop deck. The place is also just a stone’s throw away from celebrity hotspots like Chateau Marmont, making it the perfect location for after-parties and get-togethers.
Kendall recently listed her first starter home — an upscale two-bedroom, two-and-a-half bathroom condo in Westwood — for a cool $1.6 million.


Kendall Jenner is selling Her Condo for $1.6 Million








































9 Photos »


/n