The Best, Worst And Wackiest Dressed Stars Of The Week/n
By Leah Ornstein – Radar Features Editor
Not every star got it right on the fashion front this week!
From the red carpet of the hottest events and movie premieres to the city streets, Hollywood’s hottest celebrities were dressed to rock and shock in the best, worst and wackiest fashions – and RadarOnline.com has all the wardrobe winners and style sinners in our weekly feature.
PHOTOS: The Best, Worst & Wackiest Dressed Stars Of The Week
Age ain’t nothing but a number for Gwyneth Paltrow! The Academy Award winning actress, who turned the big four-oh last month, dominated the red carpet of the Golden Heart Gala in New York City on Monday by showing off her sexier-than-ever body in a revealing Michael Kors cutout dress, which she paired with Jimmy Choo heels and a Michael Kors clutch.
Other best dressed babes included Rita Ora in Emilio Pucci at Bergdorf Goodman’s 111th Anniversary in New York City, Emma Watson and Sarah Jessica Parker in Calvin Klein at Elle’s 19th Annual Women in Hollywood Celebration and Naomi Watts in Helmut Lang, 3×1 and Target  at the 50th Anniversary Celebration for Target.
PHOTOS: Alessandra Ambrosio Shines In A Sea Of Skinny At Testino Event
Kim Kardashian continued her fashion faux pas streak, hitting the Miami airport en route to Rome with an over-the-top winter look that definitely wasn’t getting any praise from PETA. The bootylicious star showed off her famous fanny in skintight leather pants, a sheer and boob baring belted top, a fur coat and metallic Christian Louboutin stilettos, finishing off the look with a $50,000 crocodile Hermes Birkin bag – despite being slammed by the animal rights group earlier this summer for the “cruel” designer bag.
Other disasters included Tara Subkoff looking like she was headed to a funeral at a nightclub at Bergdorf Goodman’s 111th Anniversary Celebration, Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen, who rocked elderly New York socialite ensembles from their The Row collection to WSJ Magazine’s Innovator of the Year Awards, and Rihanna.
PHOTOS: Gywneth Paltrow Looks Flawless At Forty At The Golden Heart Gala
For the rest of the best, worst and wackiest dressed stars of the week, click here.

RELATED STORIES:
Gwyneth Paltrow And Cameron Diaz Rap About Chelsea Handler In Hilarious Video
Gwyneth Paltrow Reveals That She Cries All The Time ‘Out Of Sadness Or Uncertainty’
Memory Lapse Gwyneth? Paltrow Claims That She Hasn’t Starred In A Movie Since 2004!Gwyneth Paltrow Opens Up About Postpartum Depression, Having More Kids And Marriage Complications /n