  Is She Cracking Under Pressure? ‘Long Island Medium’ Theresa Caputo Reveals Her Secret.../n
Though RadarOnline.com recently exposed her botched readings, tour tricks and diva antics in bombshell reports, Long Island Medium star Theresa Caputo insisted she’s remained cool, calm and collected.
“I don’t let negativity and negative people affect me and neither should any of you!” she huffed on her Facebook page in June. “Don’t react, take a deep breath and let it go.”
But it seems the self-professed medium, 46, wasn’t quite telling the truth. In her new book You Can’t Make This Stuff Up, Caputo confesses she recently experienced a terrifying anxiety attack while visiting her acupuncturist.
PHOTOS: Reality Television’s 19 Biggest Tragedies
“I was under a lot of stress with work and really on edge,” she writes in her new advice book. “I’d already lost my voice, couldn’t breathe, couldn’t sleep, and I was crying a lot.”
Suddenly, while lying on the table with needles in her body, she says she felt the attack developing.
“I bolted up and said to Antoinette, my practitioner, ‘You have to help me! I’m freaking out! Please don’t leave the room. Just stay with me,’” the mother of two recalls.
PHOTOS: Faked Scenes, Lies And Payoffs! What’s Real And What’s Fake On TV’s Hottest Reality Shows
She continues that she fell asleep to a pleasant dream— but admits that extreme anxiety is an all-too-common aspect of her life.
“I can be short-fused and worthless when I let work run my life,” she reveals. “You can’t honor your soul when you’re not balanced, and I get out of whack when I stress about juggling a tour, live shows, writing and promoting a book, shooting episodes, and seeing longtime clients for their private readings.”
But it seems she’s hardly slowing down: Caputo is currently in the midst of an intense national tour and the sixth season of her TLC reality show, and she just released her new book on Tuesday, September 30.
PHOTOS: Hollywood’s Biggest Scandals
On top of the insane work commitments and mounting criticism, the Hicksville, New York native’s fans seem to be abandoning the once beloved star.
As Radar exclusively reported, ticket sales for her latest tour have been in a slump, with 1,000 of 2,455 seats still available for her October 13 performance in Charlotte, North Carolina.
“I think fans are catching on to all her tricks,” an insider close to Caputo tells Radar. “Her popularity won’t last much longer, and she knows it.” /n