Lamar Odom Was “Hurt” When Khloé Kardashian “Fake Tried” to Get Pregnant/n





                    Khloé Kardashian Talks "Dark and Toxic" Marriage to Lamar Odom
                







Khloé Kardashian is opening up.

 MORE >>










                    Khloé Kardashian Fears Lamar Odom Will Relapse
                







Things aren't looking good. 

 MORE >>





Lamar Odom is opening up about his tumultuous marriage with Khloé Kardashian.

The former NBA star, who finalized his divorce with the Revenge Body host in December, sat down with Wendy Williams this week to speak about his road to sobriety. While addressing his relationship with his ex-wife, Lamar shared he was “hurt” when Khloé revealed on a recent episode of Keeping Up with the Kardashians that she had “fake tried” to get pregnant when she was married to the basketball player.
“That hurt a little bit, you know what I’m saying,” he said. “I probably wasn’t [in the right space to be a father], honestly, so she probably was right in saying that.”
He added, “I wish … she could’ve told me instead of saying it on TV.”


Khloé Kardashian and Lamar Odom's PDA Moments








































22 Photos »


In the same interview, Lamar shared he had no interest in getting back together with Khloé again. “I say that with no offense for her, that would be the best for both of us,” he explained. “To Keep our distance.”
Previously, Khloé revealed she had pretended to seek out IVF treatments as a way to make Lamar happy. The confession came after Lamar admitted to doing drugs and cheating on his then-wife numerous times during their time together.
“When I was doing my fertility treatments, they were more so for Lamar,” she said on an episode of her E! show. “I had to stop because there was much deeper stuff that was happening in our marriage. I knew that it wasn’t the right situation to bring a child into, and I think I’ve done a lot of covering up for him, like even when it made me look like I was the problem. But I was fine taking on that burden on my shoulders because he had a lot of other deeper sh*t to deal with.”


khloé Kardashian and Lamar Odom Through The Years








































15 Photos »


/n