Mob Wives Star Big Ang Gets A Big Break With Her Own Spin-Off Show/n
By Debbie Emery – Radar Reporter
The larger than life star of Mob Wives is too huge for just one show, and so VH1 have rewarded Angela “Big Ang” Raiola her very own spin-off so she can express her over-the-top style to the fullest, RadarOnline.com has learned.
Under the working title of Big Ang, the show is set to premiere in the summer of 2012, and will delve into her life and the world of her Staten Island bar, The Drunken Monkey, where she hangs out with her family, friends, ‘da wise guys,’ and her canine side-kick Lil’ Louis.
PHOTOS: Reality TV’s Hottest Stars
As RadarOnline.com previously reported, Big Ang is the niece of Salvatore “Sally Dogs” Lombardi, a deceased captain of the Genovese crime family, and the 52-year-old recently opened up to RadarOnline.com about her obsession with plastic surgery. “I had a tummy tuck, liposuction, my lips injected and my breasts done three times,” she revealed.
Plastic or not, VH1 execs are excited to have more of Ang’s antics on the airwaves.
PHOTOS: Top 10 Bikini Clad Reality Stars
“I, along with everyone I know and our viewers, fell in love with Big Ang from the very first moment we saw her on screen in Mob Wives,” said Jeff Olde, EVP Original Programming and Production.  
“Ang is the definition of authentic.  What you see is what you get, no apologies.  She’s enjoying life on her own terms – and having had the pleasure of hanging out with Big Ang, her friends and family at The Drunken Monkey, I guarantee viewers are in for a real treat.”
PHOTOS:   Reality TV’s Top Families
“I’ve known Big Ang since I was a kid and can always remember thinking, ‘This woman is a star!’” added Jennifer Graziano of JustJenn Productions. 
“It gives me great pleasure to be in the position to show the world what I have always seen in her. Big Ang was on my mind for Mob Wives from the start – I believe she was a great addition for season 2 and will be an even bigger force to reckon with on her own show! Watch out America… it’s Big Ang!”
RELATED STORIES:
Mob Wives Meltdown! Renee Graziano’s Dramatic Breakdown Caught On CameraMob Wives Chicago To Premiere This Spring; New Cast, Same DramaMob Wives Star ‘Big Ang’ Obsessed With Plastic Surgery
Newest Member Of Mob Wives Ramona Rizzo Is Already Slamming Her Co-Stars /n