Jennifer Lopez Would Like You to Stop Calling Her a ‘Diva’/n





                    Jennifer Lopez Fights for Women's Equality in 'Ain't Your Mama' Music Video
                







Fool Jennie once, shame on you.

 MORE >>










                    This Is What Rihanna Gave to Jennifer Lopez for Being the 'Baddest' Queen Around
                







Only the best for Jenny From the Block.

 MORE >>





Though she’s been known to have demanding tour riders, Jennifer Lopez insists she’s not a stuck up diva.

During a roundtable discussion for The Hollywood Reporter about the industry’s double standards, the “Ain’t Your Mama” singer opens up about being unfairly labeled as difficult simply because she’s a successful working woman.
“I got a moniker of being ‘the diva,’ which I never felt I deserved — which I don’t deserve — because I’ve always been a hard worker, on time, doing what I’m supposed to do, and getting that label because you reach a certain amount of success,” she said. “I felt crippled to voice my opinion, especially because certain directors and the boys’ club that they form can make you feel like, ‘Oh, I can’t say anything.'”
“I was always fascinated by how I could see [a man] being late or being belligerent to a crew and it being totally acceptable; meanwhile, I’d show up 15 minutes late and be berated,” she explained. “And you watch this happen over and over and over again. Like, we’re not allowed to have certain opinions or even be passionate about something, or they’ll be like, ‘God, she’s really difficult.’ It’s like, ‘Am I? Am I difficult because I care?'”



A video posted by Hollywood Reporter (@hollywoodreporter) on May 18, 2016 at 2:11pm PDT



Other actresses who were asked to join the conversation — Kerry Washington, Kirsten Dunst, Sarah Paulson, Julianna Margulies, Regina King, and Constance Zimmer — also agreed.
Margulies revealed that she has difficulties in having people take her seriously as both an actress and a producer on her critically acclaimed drama, The Good Wife.
“I didn’t have to fight to get it from my showrunners,” she said about receiving producer credit. “It was the Producers Guild that gave me a hard time. To try to prove my job to them in order for them to accept me as a producer? I still don’t think I’m in the Producers Guild, and it’s been three years.”
“I think very little has changed,” Paulson added, when asked if things in the workplace have been better for women since the 90s. “What’s maybe changed is the fact that there’s more of a conversation happening about it, but I don’t know that there’s been that much forward motion.”
She noted, “I mean, I haven’t had a female director on American Horror Story in the six years that I’ve been on the show.”


what celebrities are saying about feminism








































23 Photos »


/n