Sharon's Nightmare: Porno Website Scandal For Stone's New Man/n
Iconic sexpot Sharon Stone is linked to a tawdry photo scandal at age 58 — thanks to her new boyfriend!
The Basic Instinct actress is reportedly “smitten” with Atlanta-based agent Lonnie Cooper, 62, after the duo debuted their relationship in a hot holiday trip to St. Barts. But does she know about the X-rated scandal in his past?
According to court documents obtained by RadarOnline.com, Cooper divorced his past wife Karen Katalina Cooper in 2008, after seven years of marriage, admitting at the time that a sexy photo scandal had rocked their relationship!
PHOTOS: Braless Sharon Stone Exposes Her Nipples In Sheer Shirt
The court documents filed by the couple stated that “there was a theft of certain Playboy photographs” of Karen during their marriage, “which later appeared on pornographic websites” without her consent.
According to the filing, Karen’s “prior job history before” the marriage “included acting, modeling, and Playboy.”
Lonnie stated in the final custody agreement that “such job history had no negative influence on” their kids Isabella, now 12, and Cory, now 13, and would have “no impact on the future custody of the children.” In fact, Karen got “primary physical custody,” as well as the right to make “final decision” regarding all “major decisions” about the kids’ lives.
PHOTOS: Out In The Open! Sharon Suffers Embarrassing Nip Slip In Teeny Bikini
Meanwhile, Lonnie agreed to pay her more than $5,000 per month in support, as well as to buy her a car worth up to $65,000 to help get her on her feet, among other financial incentives. He even paid for her to relocate to sunny South Florida!
Despite the scandal, the divorce was finalized in 2009.
Do you think Sharon Stone and Lonnie Cooper make a good match? Let us know in the comments.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n