We're Fixated on Shakira!/nWhat's going on with Shakira?Marlene, we have the goods for you on the hip swaying sensation that is Shakira! Born Shakira Isabel Mebarak Ripoll, the 29-year-old Colombian-born beauty is engaged to long-time beau Antonio de la Rua. On a more random note, she once got kicked out of choir for singing  "too forcefully "! There's still time to get tickets for her Oral Fixation tour -- she'll be in Dallas and McAllen, Texas beginning tomorrow through Tuesday and will be closing out the year with a couple concerts in Miami.Need more on Shakira's world? Click here. But make sure not to miss her photo gallery!Are Julia Roberts and Keira Knightley sisters?Adriana, because you and your friend have been feuding about this for so long, we decided to look in to it to settle your score. Julia Roberts and Keira Knightley are not sisters, nor are they related. The research department here at TMZ was not able to find any proof to support the fact that they were in any way family members. However, Julia does share a birthday with actor Joaquin Phoenix on October 28!For Julia Roberts' photo gallery, click here. And for celebrity look-a-likes (Keira Knightley included!), take a look at this!Did Angelina get a new tattoo for her kids?Tylethea, there is a new tattoo in honor of the Jolie-Pitt children floating around on Angelina's arm. She has ink on her left shoulder displaying the latitude and longitude for Cambodia and Ethiopia -- the countries in which Maddox and Zahara were born. As of right now, we don't know of any tattoos for baby Shiloh, but if any more lines of latitude and longitude pop up, we can fairly assume they'll point us in the direction of Namibia.To see Brad's possible tattoo, read this. And you know you want more Brangelina, so click here.Where is Mariah Carey now?Annie, Mariah Carey is soaring above the rest on the wings of her album  "The Emancipation of Mimi. " She was recently given three nominations for the upcoming American Music Awards -- Favorite Female Artist in the Pop /Rock and Soul /R&B categories and also for Favorite Album for Soul /R&B. Make sure to set a reminder for November 21 when the AMA's will be broadcast live from the Shrine Auditorium in Los Angeles.Want to see Mariah over the years? Click here.What's going on with CaCee Cobb?Crystal, rumors have been swirling about a possible hook-up between CaCee Cobb -- Jessica's former assistant -- and  "Scrubs " star Donald Faison. They've been spotted together getting their daily dose of caffeine at a Hollywood Coffee Bean, as well as a couple of nights out on the town in Beverly Hills-land last month. Could this be the real deal for these two or is this an end-of-summer fling about to lose its flame? Only time will tell.Click here to see what's going on with CaCee's BFF!Is there something you JUST GOTTA KNOW?? Submit your question here!Click here for more  "I Just GOTTA KNOW! "/n