Everything You Need to Know About: ‘The Girl on the Train’ /n





                    Emily Blunt Had to Wear Prosthetics to Look Ugly for 'Girl on the Train'
                







Emily Blunt is so friggin' beautiful that it takes a village to make her look ugly...

 MORE >>





Hankering for a good mystery? This weekend, Emily Blunt’s new film The Girl on the Train rolls into theaters offering a steamy film adaptation of Paula Hawkins’ bestselling novel. It’s got a hot cast and an intriguing premise, and we’ve got all the details!

Who’s in it?
As every commercial and billboard has likely conveyed by now, Blunt is the story’s troubled main character. But the supporting cast is loaded with strong performers like Justin Theroux, Édgar Ramírez, Luke Evans, Allison Janney, Lisa Kudrow, Laura Prepon, Haley Bennett and Rebecca Ferguson.

What’s it about?
Rachel (Blunt) is an alcoholic divorcee who commutes to New York on a train. Every day, she catches glimpses of an idyllic-looking couple, Scott (Evans) and Megan Hipwell (Bennett). But one day, she sees something from the train window that shakes her to her core. Not long after, Megan disappears.

Why should I care?
Mysteries aren’t for everyone, but Hawkins’ book and this sterling cast certainly raise the expectations for this topsy-turvy tale. Besides, soon the theaters will be lousy with awards hopefuls. Why not enjoy a good thrill before settling into the high-brow winter lineup?





Here’s what the critics are saying:
“Attempting to capture this woman’s perennially sozzled state in visual terms, [Tate] Taylor lets the camera wobble to and fro, punctuates the story with jarring cuts to black, and resorts to slow-motion with amateurish abandon.”
-Justin Chang [Los Angeles Times]

“The Girl on the Train may be too idiosyncratic and moody to get the credit it deserves, but if there’s any justice, Emily Blunt should be up for awards consideration at the end of the year.”
-Mick LaSalle [San Francisco Chronicle]

“Taylor isn’t able to believably blend the overlapping perspectives and The Girl on the Train comes across as a flat, predictable puzzle whose characters flip from one extreme to another.”
-Jake Coyle [Associated Press]

“The movie gives away the game faster than the novel, but Emily Blunt digs so deep into the role of a blackout drunk and maybe murderer that she raises Girl to the level of spellbinder.”
-Peter Travers [Rolling Stone]


John Krasinski & Emily Blunt at 'The Girl on the Train' Premiere








































14 Photos »


/n