Jeremy Piven DATING Again — Meet His New Girlfriend!/n
Jeremy Piven is dating Siobhan Dillon, the actress playing Betty Shaffer on Broadway in the revival of Sunset Boulevard — and RadarOnline.com has all the exclusive details.
“Jeremy was at the premiere last night seemingly by himself,” a source told Radar. “No one knew why he was at the opening night alone.”
“He seemed very out of place but he was attending the show to see his new girlfriend on stage!” the insider then added, revealing the Entourage actor’s budding romance.
32-year-old Dillon, an English actress, first shot to fame when she performed in the British talent show-themed television series How Do You Solve a Problem Like Maria? on BBC One in 2006. Since then she’s performed in numerous West End productions and recently received her green card in the United States, according to her Instagram account.
PHOTOS: Flirting With Disaster! Selena’s Fling With The Weeknd Leaves Closest Friends ‘Worried’
“She’s a good girl. Let’s hope he treats her right,” insiders told Radar.





 @playbill #openingnight pic
A photo posted by Siobhan Dillon (@siobhanlikescake) on Feb 10, 2017 at 8:31pm PST



It’s no secret that Piven’s reputation in Hollywood isn’t the most favorable. In 2013, a 31-year-old journalist who met Piven in 2008, claimed she spent several nights with the actor, whom she described as arrogant, sarcastic and disparaging.
“He was picked for the Ari Gold role for a reason,” Sarah Tressler told Star magazine in the exclusive interview.
PHOTOS: Costars Canoodling! Joaquin Phoenix & Rooney Mara Caught On Romantic Getaway





 My favorite picture of the night I think… a little tipsy and loving this woman more than ever! What an absolute legend. What a night!  #AfterParty #LastShotOfTheNight  My Broadway Debut.  That's one off the bucket list! X
A photo posted by Siobhan Dillon (@siobhanlikescake) on Feb 10, 2017 at 10:26am PST



Then, during his own Broadway run, Piven quickly pulled out of Speed-the-Plow after insisting he had a serious health scare brought about by eating too much sushi, and left his costar Elizabeth Moss and the rest of the cast hanging.
On a segment of Watch What Happens Live, host Andy Cohen asked Moss: “What, besides eating too much sushi, caused Jeremy Piven to quit Speed-the-Plow?”
“That’s a good one. I could go on and on,” the Mad Men star replied with a knowing smile before answering, “Being highly unprofessional.”
“We were all surprised,” she added. “It came out of nowhere. He just didn’t come back one day.”
Do you think Jeremy’s new relationship is headed for disaster already? Sound off in the comments below!
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n