the right track. Blue Nile Sapphire and Diamond Vintage-Inspired Earrings, $1060; Jennifer Meyer Marquise-Shaped Tennis Bracelet, $9,500; Sofia Zakia Clara's Dream Sapphire Ring, $1,250 A Southern-themed wedding is going to be very girl.../n





When it comes to weddings, the bride isn't the only one who has to look her best. You deserve a little bling of your own.We're not suggesting you upstage the lucky one on her wedding day, but we wouldn't blame you if you went jewelry shopping for the occasion. You're likely already getting a new outfit, so it makes complete sense to finish the look with a sparkly investment piece you can wear forever.If you're not sure where to start, why not let the destination inspire your purchase.

If your bestie's wedding is in Vegas, it's totally appropriate to wear something flashy. Now is not the time to be understated. That doesn't mean you should wear tacky oversized baubles but, rather, go for a diamond-encrusted handcuff bracelet that's equal parts dainty and naughty. If color is more your thing, mimic the bright lights of the strip with a necklace or ring made with a rainbow assortment of semi-precious stones. 

Maya J. Handcuff Bracelet, $1,200; Ariel Gordon Candy Carousel Necklace, $825; Ariel Gordon Candy Crush Band, $1,125

If you're headed anywhere in Europe (like the Italian countryside, for example), your look for the occasion should be more refined. Keep your accessory game classy-casual with all gold jewelry accented with diamonds, of course. Anything delicate in design, from a lariat necklace to a triple-diamond ring, is exactly the romantic statement piece you can wear again and again. 

Blanca Monros Gomez Triple Diamond Ring, $1,025; Jane Kaye Bar Bracelet, $1,200; Kelly Bello Dahlia Diamond Lariat Choker, $1,800

If your bride is an uptown bride, you're going to want to match her aesthetic. That means no brushed metals or semi-precious stones. In other words, nothing casual. Your investment piece should be ritzy and classic. Try a diamond tennis bracelet or a sapphire encrusted ring. Basically, if it feels old fashioned, you're on the right track.

Blue Nile Sapphire and Diamond Vintage-Inspired Earrings, $1060; Jennifer Meyer Marquise-Shaped Tennis Bracelet, $9,500; Sofia Zakia Clara's Dream Sapphire Ring, $1,250

A Southern-themed wedding is going to be very girly occasion. To match the mood, splurge on lovey-dovey inspired pieces that are youthful, but still sophisticated. Rose gold and pink sapphire earrings are a lovely way to wear a pop of feminine color. Or if you want to be more literal, a cursive love bracelet or a petite heart-shaped diamond ring are also very appropriate.

Michele Varian Rose Gold and Pink Sapphire Studs, $498; Ring Concierge Love Bracelet, $589; Elisa Solomon Open Diamond Heart Ring, $620

A low-key location calls for low-key jewelry. But just because you're hitting the sand doesn't mean you have to opt out of diamonds. A beach wedding is the perfect excuse to be a little more playful with your selection. A colorful pave diamond eye ring or a blue-green geometric bracelet have that casual vibe without sacrificing quality. 

Talon Mini Skull Earring (Single), $184; Eden Presley Malachite Give Bracelet, $2,800; Jacquie Aiche Blue Diamond Eye Ring, $1,190

Isn't jewelry shopping fun? 
/n