EXCLUSIVE! Archie Panjabi Breaks Silence on The Good Wife's "Faked" Kalinda-Alicia Scene & Whether She'll Return She did admit "it was hard to say goodbye," but said she knew she was leaving for the last two.../n
Mystery solved? Good Wife fans all over the world were in hysterics after the CBS drama aired its season finale, in which former best friends Alicia (Julianna Margulies) and Kalinda (Archie Panjabi) finally shared a scene together after years apart. At first, it felt like a dream come true, until the questions started rolling in: Was the scene CGI'd? The characters never touched, the lighting seemed off, and something just felt off about the whole thing, as if Margulies and Panjabi didn't actually film the scene together. When E!'s own Marc Malkin caught up with Archie at the premiere of her new movie, the summer-blockbuster-to-be, San Andreas, he asked if the actress could clear up rumors that the scene was computer generated. Unfortunately for Kalicia lovers everywhere, she couldn't deny the claims. "All I can say is this: the decision making process is not something I'm privy to," she said.Say it with us: Nooooooooo! 

She did admit "it was hard to say goodbye," but said she knew she was leaving for the last two years.Archie also shot down any chance of Kalinda returning in the future. "I don't think so," she said, adding, "She came in as a mystery and left as a mystery." Just for the record, while Archie may not currently plan on returning to the show, creators Robert and Michelle King would be totally thrilled to have her back. "[The door] is always open," Robert told us earlier this year. "Are you kidding? Archie Panjabi is one of the most talented actresses we've worked with. She's so good. We would love to have her back."Funny enough, Archie revealed that she is in talks with show execs to get to keep some of Kalinda's signature leather jackets and boots. She smiled, "It would be nice to have some of the pieces."Well, if we can't get Kalinda back, at least it will be nice to know that her clothes are safe and sound. San Andreas opens in theaters on May 29, and The Good Wife returns to CBS this fall. 
/n