RADAR’s “AWARDS GIFT BAG” CONTEST OFFICIAL RULES /n
NO PURCHASE NECESSARY.
1. Eligibility: RADAR’s “AWARDS GIFT BAG” Contest (the “Contest”) is open to legal residents of the fifty (50) states of the United States and the District of Columbia who are 18 years or older.  Radar Online, LLC (the “Sponsor”) and its managers, employees and agents, and members of the immediate family of such individuals (including spouses, parents, siblings, children and their respective spouses) and persons living in the same household with any such individuals are ineligible.  Void where prohibited or restricted by law.
2. How To Enter: Entrants will need to establish a Twitter account, follow @radar_online and watch the MTV Movie Awards televised Sunday, June 3, 2012 at 9PM ET / 8PM CT. During the Awards show, Radar will Tweet a trivia question about a nominee to Radar followers. The first person to answer the question correctly will receive the MTV Movie Awards gift bag. The Contest will begin as soon as the Tweet is sent, and will end when the correct answer is received. In the event of a dispute over the identity of an online entrant, entry will be deemed submitted by the authorized account holder of the Tweet address associated with the entry.  Authorized account holder is defined as the person assigned to a Tweet address by Twitter.  All materials submitted become the property of Sponsor and will not be returned.
3. Winner Selection: The first person to Tweet the correct response to the trivia question, will win. Once notified of being the winner, he/she must go to www.radaronline.com to fill out a contact form. Sponsor’s decision is final and binding in all respects relating to this Contest.  The winners will be notified via Tweet, email or phone.
4. Prize:  One (1) winner will receive an MTV MOVIE AWARDS GIFT BAG. Approximate retail value of prize: $2,848.00. Sponsor reserves the right to substitute a prize of greater or equal value. consisting of:


Logitech– The Logitech Global Graffiti Collection features mice and keyboards in colors and patterns that mix global trends with local influences- so you can make your mark with a combination that expresses your personality to the world
Moviefone.com­ is giving celebrities a fun pair of comfy slippers to relax in backstage + they’ll each get the opportunity to “scratch + win” free movie tickets for a year.
Ame & Lulu– Our popular beach bag, but bigger!? This oversized tote can fit just about anything!? Items are secured with a lobster clasp closure to make sure everything stays put.? The bag is made of our signature water repellent canvas and features two interior accessory compartments and zippered pocket for added convenience.
BiGR Audio- Designer Headphones- one of Blackscale, Madison Avenue, Major League Baseball and Bruce Lee headphones.
Binaca Breath Fresheners– A year supply of Binaca breath fresheners; Binaca AEROblast Breath Spray and Binaca Breath Drops.
Borghese Professional Hair Care – is a new line of Italian-inspired products featuring a range of professional grade, botanical enriched shampoos, conditioners and styling products.
Burberry Beauty– Burberry Lip Glow in Hibiscus No. 13.
Cartoon Network Enterprises– Adventure Time with Finn & Jake fitted women’s 100% cotton tee in scarlet or men’s 100% cotton tee in army.
Calvin Klein Fragrances
Cloud House Farm Glamping Holidays- Cloud House Farm is a secluded mountain hideaway in Andalucia, Spain situated way off the beaten track and exclusively enjoyed by our guests in TOTAL privacy.
Da Capo Press- America, You Sexy Bitch is the hilarious account by conservative Meghan McCain and liberal comedian Michael Ian Black of their cross-country tour across America to find the soul of a divided country.
 Dickinson’s Original Witch Hazel
Dr. Jart+ beauty products
iiJin- Fashion forward luxury sneaker brand worn by the biggest stars in Asia!
it luggage- The sleek, innovative design of our lightweight 24” 4-wheel spinner sets the standard for easy traveling.
Marchon – Designer eyewear by Marchon
 North Shore Goodies– Coconut and chocolate coconut peanut butter and local honey from North Shore Goodies, Waialua, Hawaii.
NovelPoster celebrates the art of language by using the body of a text to create striking poster designs.
Pure Plant Spa– Truly natural plant-derived organic, vegan, pure essential oil aromas
redline & a-line by The SWI Group– A smart blend of contemporary and classical style watch.
SEDU– Sedu Revolution Tourmaline Styling Iron allows you to create any hairstyle with half the time & virtually no damage. The ultra smooth 1.5 inch plates leave hair shiny and healthy.
Simon & Schuster– Savages by Don Winslow.
The Hunger Games Songs From District 12 & Beyond– Soundtrack to The Hunger Games film.
Uncommon– Create your own customized iPhone or iPod case at www.Getuncommon.com

5. Contest is open only to legal residents of the United States and the District of Columbia, 18 years or older. Employees of Radar Online, LLC, American Media, Inc., their affiliates, subsidiaries, advertising or promotion agencies, and their immediate family members and/or those living in the same household of each are not eligible. Void in Puerto Rico, Canada, and where prohibited or restricted by law. No substitution or transfer of Prize is permitted. All federal, state and local taxes and any expenses relating to the acceptance and use of a Prize are the sole responsibility of each Winner. All federal, state and local laws apply. Sponsor reserves the right, its sole discretion, to suspend, modify, or terminate this Contest at any time.
6. Potential Winners must submit an Affidavit of Eligibility / Release of Liability / Prize Acceptance Form within seven (7) business days of attempted notification. If any Prize or affidavit or release is returned to Sponsor as undeliverable or if Sponsor does not receive a response from any potential Winner within seven (7) business days of attempted notification, such Winner may be disqualified and such Prize will be awarded to an alternate Winner. Non-compliance shall result in disqualification and award of Prize to an alternate Winner. By accepting Prize, Winner consents that Sponsor may use the Winner’s names, photographs, or other likenesses, the Winner’s hometown and biographical information, statements concerning the contest entry, or Sponsor’s products without compensation for purposes of advertising, promotion, and merchandising, and grant all rights to edit or modify and to publish and copyright it. Winner must also make themselves available to travel at Sponsor’s expense for promotional purposes. By accepting Prize, Winner agree to hold Sponsor, its respective directors, officers, employees, and assigns, harmless against any and all claims and liability arising out of Prize. Winner assumes all liability for any injury or damage caused, or claimed to be caused, by participating in this Contest. By participating in this Contest, entrants agree to abide by and be bound by these Official Rules, and understand that the Contest results are final in all respects. By participating in this Contest, entrants agree to hold Sponsor, its respective directors, officers, employees, and assigns, harmless against any and all claims and liability arising out of Prize. Entrant is responsible for all online charges incurred by Internet Service Provider.
7. Neither Sponsor, any telephone network, nor service providers are responsible for incorrect or inaccurate transcription of entry information, or for any human error, technical malfunctions, lost/delayed data transmission, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, line failures or any telephone network, computer equipment, software, inability to access any Web site or on-line service, or any other error or malfunction, or late, lost, illegible, incomplete damaged, postage-due, mutilated or misdirected entries or entries not properly forwarded to Sponsor. Entry materials that have been tampered with or altered are void. If the judges determine, in their sole discretion, that there is any suspected or actual electronic tampering with the Contest or if technical difficulties compromise the integrity of the Contest, the judges reserve the right to void the entries at issue and conduct a random drawing to award the Prize using all eligible entries received as of the termination date. If the Contest is terminated due to tampering or technical difficulties prior to its expiration date, notice will be posted at www.radaronline.com. Any attempt to deliberately damage the content or operation of this Contest is unlawful and subject to legal action.
NOTE: Internet entry must be made by the entrant, only at the authorized website address of www.radaronline.com. Entries made by any other individual or entity and/or originating at any other Internet website or e-mail address, including but not limited to commercial contest subscription notification and/or entering service sites, will be declared invalid and as such ruled ineligible for this contest.
8. OPT IN: Any information entrants provide to the Sponsor will be used to communicate with entrant in relation to this Contest. Sponsor may also share this information with third parties who are participating in this program. Sponsor or third parties may contact entrants at a future date about services the Sponsor believes entrants will find of interest.
9. For the name of the Winner, mail a self-addressed, stamped envelope to: RADAR ONLINE/MTV AWARDS, 4 New York Plaza, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10004. Requests for the name of the Winner must be received by June 15, 2012. Residents of Vermont may omit return postage.
10. This Contest is sponsored by RADAR ONLINE, 4 New York Plaza, 2nd Floor, New York, NY 10004

  /n