Fan Pet Of The Day/n

Today's Fan Pet of the Day is…
Gemma!
TeddyHilton.com reader Heather sent us a pic of her adorbz doggy and said:
"Hi, my name is Gemma. I am a 2 year old Beabull (Beagle mixed with English Bulldog). I had a photo shoot recently and wanted to send you one of my pictures. I was also hoping you would make me Fan Pet of the Day. My Mommy takes me to work and we always make time to visit perezhilton.com to get updated with the latest scoop. My Mommy spoils me! She rescued me almost a year ago.
At my previous home, I lived with an annoying little white dog and was abused by my owners. They also didn't take care of my health. Then they got evicted from their apartment and I ended up at a really bad shelter. I didn't like it very much and one of the ladies there knew a lady at another shelter and asked her to bring me to that shelter. It was a better shelter, but I still wasn't adjusting well. My gums were inflamed, I had dry skin, missing teeth, underweight (I weighed only 25 lbs) and was heartworm positive. The shelter didn't even know I was heartworm positive! Thank God my Mommy rescued me in time and took me to the vet. If she hadn't, we wouldn't have known until it was far along.
Anyways, my Mommy was looking online at dogs at different shelters for a long time. Then one night before she went to bed, she decided to look at one more shelter again. She saw me and fell in love. She immediately emailed my adoption counselor (it was so long, she practically wrote a novel explaining why she would be the best adopter for me). So then she made a visit to come meet me. She drove about 2 hours just to meet. Well, we were a match made in heaven. And she changed my name- thank God! The shelter named me Henrietta. I didn't like that name and didn't listen to it very well. So my Mommy named me Gemma.
I just love my Mommy soooo much and am so happy living with her. She makes me feel like I'm a celebrity! I am now a spoiled healthy 55 lb princess. Well, that's my story. I hope you make me Fan Pet of the Day!"
Wow! That's incredible! So glad your mama rescued you! Sounds like a real rags to riches story!
So so so happy you've finally found a loving forever home! You're too cute to accept anything less!!
Think UR pet should be The Fan Pet Of The Day? Email us a pic to teddyhiltonphotos@gmail.com!!!
/n