Kim Kardashian's Mystery Illness Revealed: Learn Her 'Horrible' Diagnosis/n
Kim Kardashian was robbed at gunpoint of $11 million in jewels two months ago, but now a source claims a reproductive disease could steal something even more valuable — her chance to have more kids.
In a bombshell world exclusive, RadarOnline.com can reveal Kim has been diagnosed with a debilitating reproductive disease known as endometriosis.
The reality star and mother of two — daughter North, 3, and son Saint, 1 — “has been experiencing terrible pain,” said the insider.
Endometriosis causes tissue to grow outside the uterus, leading to “severe” pain for the victim, said experts. The disorder can become a complicating factor in infertility, which Kim experienced while trying to get pregnant a second time with husband Kanye West.
PHOTOS: Feel The Burn! Workout Secrets of Kim Kardashian & Her Sisters – 15 Training Photos Reveal Who Loves The Gym, Who Skips It, Who Pukes
Kim, 36, has also suffered post-traumatic stress disorder since the October 3 robbery in her Paris hotel, said a source.
Gunmen dressed as French police brazenly burst into her suite, tied Kim up and fled — leaving Kim in shambles.
The robbers have yet to be caught — leading to more anxiety for Kim, sources said.
“She cries constantly, and the slightest sound, like someone putting a coffee cup down, can send her into a panic,” one source spilled. “Kim can’t seem to pull herself together!”
PHOTOS: Kim Kardashian Says Pregnancy Weight Gain Was God’s Way of Humbling Her — 13 Pics Of How Huge She Got
Kim’s PTSD has also made it difficult to care for her children — and led mom Kris Jenner to hire two more nannies to help out around the clock, sources revealed.
“North is constantly asking, ‘What’s wrong with Mommy? Why can’t she play with me?'” dished an insider. “But it’s a struggle for Kim to even get out
of bed!”
Kanye worsened matters with a mental breakdown that led to a week-long hospitalization, sources said. Since his release, the 39-year-old rapper has defied doctors’ orders, and acted out in bizarre ways — including taking off on an impulsive trip to New York to meet President-elect Donald Trump.
Kim’s sister Khloé has stepped in and helped Kim try to recover from her trauma.
PHOTOS: Kim Kardashian On Sex Tapes With Kanye & Her Favorite Position
“Khloé’s getting Kim to the gym, and even had her lace up boxing gloves to get her aggression out,” a source said.
As for her struggle with endometriosis, “Kim is following her doctor’s orders and working through it, but a lot of people around her are scared,” one insider said.
Kim’s rep, Ina Treciokas, denied the star has the condition, saying: “This is false.”
Top New York internist Dr. Stuart Fischer confirmed endometriosis can be “very painful and can be a surgical emergency.”
The condition “is of unknown cause,” he added. “Some people think it’s due to retrograde menstruation — the seeding of other parts of the female anatomy with cells that would normally be expelled.”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n