Nick Gordon's Girlfriend Reveals Gruesome New Details On Alleged Brutal Beatdown/n
New details have finally been revealed on Nick Gordon‘s domestic violence arrest, RadarOnline.com can reveal.
Laura Leal – the alleged beater’s girlfriend — says it’s a miracle she didn’t end up dead, like the troubled rehab alum’s late fiancée Bobbi Kristina Brown.
“I’ve been reading the reports about Bobbi Kristina and I’m physically shaking. I read about her being isolated, her family not knowing where she was, the manipulation, the bullying — it’s the exact same thing,” the Florida restaurant worker told The Daily Mail.
PHOTOS: Bobbi Kristina Brown’s Husband Nick Gordon, Aunt Hold Vigil
As readers know, Gordon was found legally responsible for the death of his former fiancée after he refused to show up to two hearings in a wrongful death civil suit filed by Brown’s estate.
Leal, 26, told the U.K. news site that Gordon pinned her to the bed during the hours-long attack and punched her head so hard, she wondered if she were dead.
“It started with a push and a slap, it would happen at least once a week. I would have to put makeup on my bruises to cover them up, especially on my face,” said Leal. “But I blamed myself. I thought it was my problem and that I had to work harder at the relationship to make it work.
PHOTOS: Nick Gordon Reveals Chilling New Details About Bobbi Kristina’s Death
Leal confessed to have known about Gordon’s former drug problems, but when the pair initially met three months ago, he claimed to have kicked his addiction after a stint in rehab.
“I didn’t ever see him take heroin or crack but now I’m wondering if he was doing that behind my back,” said Leal.
As the relationship progressed, Gordon slowly seized control of Leal’s life, exploding into frequent jealous outbursts, forcing her to shut out her family and destroying her phone in a burst of anger.
PHOTOS: Nick Gordon Steps Out On 1-Year Anniversary Of Bobbi Kristina Brown’s Death
Leal claimed that just two weeks ago she locked herself in a bathroom so she could call for help when Gordon pried the lock open with a knife.
“I thought he loved me but how can you love someone when you put them through this hell?” She said. ” It’s like a double personality in one person. He’s psychotic.”
Nick Gordon remains in jail after failing to post $15,500 bail.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n