Is Alexander Skarsgärd Ready to Marry Alexa Chung? Don't believe everything you read about Alexander Skarsgård. The Legend of Tarzan actor was a guest on Bravo's Watch What Happens Live Thursday. During the after-show, a viewer cal.../n
Don't believe everything you read about Alexander Skarsgård.The Legend of Tarzan actor was a guest on Bravo's Watch What Happens Live Thursday. During the after-show, a viewer called in and said she'd read in a tabloid that Alexander is planning to marry Alexa Chung, whom he's been dating since 2015. The rumor caught the Swedish star off-guard, so he made a joke of it. "Wow, I hope I'm invited," he told the caller. "Wow, thank you."Andy Cohen wasn't going to let Alexander off the hook, especially since he and Alexa are so private. "Are you getting married in the next year?" the host prodded. "Not that I know of," the actor replied. "But if it's in a gossip magazine, I guess it's probably true, so I better get started."If Alexander is itching to settle down, he's not going to say so publicly. In fact, in a recent interview with Mr. Porter, he admitted, "I'm not married. I don't have kids. I feel OK about it. No midlife crisis yet."

Alexander grew up in a "very Bohemian hippy-dippy environment" in Sweden, and has only fond memories of his youth. "It was an incredible childhood, it really was. No one ever locked the doors. We didn't even have keys," he recalled. "My cousins were in the apartment above us, so the kids would just run up and down. And Grandma and Grandpa lived across the street."Family is still very important to Alexander, son of acclaimed actor Stellan Skarsgård. "My dad is a very social guy," he said. "He loves to cook. We always ate together as a family every night." Alexander and his seven siblings are so close, in fact, that they each own vacation homes 200 yards away from each other. "It's very unusual. I'm very aware of that and how lucky we are," Alexander admitted. "Almost all my siblings live within a four-block radius and every night my dad will cook for whoever swings by. There's a big dinner party almost every night of the week."
/n