another five months, but that doesn't mean we can't spoil you with royal goodies in the meantime! We sat down with lovely ladies Michelle Dockery, Phyllis Logan, Joanne Froggatt and Sophie McShera to bring you the latest scoop from.../n
Is it January yet?!We're currently counting down the seconds until our beloved British drama hops back over the pond and into our TV screens next year. Downton Abbey's highly anticipated fourth season may not premiere in the United States for another five months, but that doesn't mean we can't spoil you with royal goodies in the meantime!We sat down with lovely ladies Michelle Dockery, Phyllis Logan, Joanne Froggatt and Sophie McShera to bring you the latest scoop from the set, details on Lady Mary's potential new suitors, and whether or not the royal family was inspired by Downton Abbey when naming Prince George. (Spoiler alert: The cast totally thinks so!)

After last season's shocking death, fans are wondering how Lady Mary (Dockery) is going to overcome he devastating loss of Matthew (Dan Stevens), and it looks like we have our answer: Lady Mary is getting not one, but two potential new suitors on the drama.Dockery reveals that there are a few fresh faces that will be wooing our newly widowed mother, but they should all be wary about Mary's past. "There are a few potential suitors, there's two main ones," she says. "The new boys coming into the show, they're brave because I'm cursed. Mary is cursed isn't she? Because they all die."The actress also wants to squash any romance rumors between Mary and Branson (Allen Leech) saying, "All this speculation about Branson and Mary is just so inappropriate, he's my brother-in-law!" Someone please alert the shippers bureau and tell them to squash all the Mary-Branson (Manson?) love right away.

Looking ahead, Froggatt says that Downton fans can get excited to meet some very royal new characters towards the end of season four. "We have what will be in the season finale for the U.S., we have characters that are based on the real royal family back in the time, so that's quite interesting, that's quite fun."And speaking of royals, it is really a coincidence that William and Kate also named their baby boy George or do you think that they are clandestine Downton fans? Dockery thinks it's definitely a possibility! The actress admits, "I saw the front covers of the papers and I just couldn't believe it. We know that Pippa Middleton and James Middleton were fans."Froggatt thinks it could be fun to have a member of the royal family guest star on an upcoming episode of the drama. "It would either be William, Harry or Kate." Or baby George, she beams. "George could play George! This is genius." Agreed.Check out our full interviews with the Downton Abbey ladies above and don't miss the season four premiere Sunday, Jan. 5 on PBS.
/n