Betty White Lands Catch After Being 'On The Hunt' For Love!/n
RadarOnline.com can exclusively reveal that Betty White has found love — at 95! White was recently spotted returning from a night on the town with a silver-haired mystery man, who is the beloved TV icon’s surprise new romance..
“Betty is nuts about this guy,” dished a source close to The Golden Girls star, refusing to reveal the identity of her dashing date.
“Betty will tell the world in her own time, but her friends know this romance has shaved 30 years off her life!” shared the source. “She feels young, beautiful — and sexy again!”
After sharing a romantic evening on Feb. 7, White’s date gallantly helped her out of their car, and then graciously escorted her into his upscale Los Angeles condo complex.
“Betty has a twinkle in her eye again,” said a pal of the actress, who won two Emmy Awards playing sex-crazed Sue Ann Nivens on the classic The Mary Tyler Moore Show in the 1970s. “She’s rediscovered her sexuality. She’s giggling like a schoolgirl!”
PHOTOS: Betty White — Through The Years
White never remarried after the heartbreaking death of her third husband, legendary game show host Allen Ludden, in 1981.
She even told famed interviewer Larry King: “Once you’ve had the best, who needs the rest.”
Although White was twice divorced before wedding Allen, she’s often insisted the handsome longtime host of the popular TV game show Password was the love of her life.
The two met when she appeared as a guest panelist on the show. They married in 1963, and stayed together until his tragic death of stomach cancer.
PHOTOS: 95 & Fabulous! Betty White Emerges From Hiding With Younger Man
When asked if she could change anything in her life, Betty said: “To bring Allen back.”
After his death, instead of looking for love, White focused on her career, and worked tirelessly on behalf of animals.
But insiders said she’d grown lonely recently, and had been “on the hunt” for a companion to share her final years.
Now she’s found her knight in shining armor!
“Betty loved Allen deeply, and has never found a man who measured up in her eyes,” spilled the source.
“But this gentleman reminds her of her lost love in ways no one else has. Even their silver hair is similar. All that has her finally willing to take one more chance on love with a new man!”
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n