Fifth Harmony’s Dinah Jane Hansen Accused of Using Homophobic Remark/n





                    Fifth Harmony's Normani Kordei Quits Twitter Over 'Racist Bullying'
                







Normani Kordei is taking a break from Twitter.

 MORE >>










                    Fifth Harmony's Camila Cabello Apologizes to Fans After Leaving the Stage Mid-Show
                







Here's why she bailed. 

 MORE >>





Dinah Jane Hansen of Fifth Harmony just pissed off a lot of people when she used the word “gay” as a sarcastic insult in a video shared on Snapchat.

In a clip circulating around the internet, Hansen is seen filming herself as she refers to a group of of unnamed people sitting next to her. She tells the camera, “He thinks he’s so cute, so gay.”

Dinah no Snapchat essa tarde, na Califórnia | tongan_b0i#MPN #FifthHarmony pic.twitter.com/XJPi53KZb9
— Fifth Harmony Manaus (@5HManaus) September 18, 2016

Fans immediately took to Twitter to express their disapproval of the singer using the word “gay” in a derogatory way. Many claimed Hansen was “ignorant” in thinking being gay was an insult.

dinah isn’t homophobic for saying something is gay, it was just problematic and ignorant
— alyssa (@waekend) September 18, 2016



i thought dinah had the intelligence to use a word other than “gay” to describe someone smh
— t (@blingcabello) September 18, 2016


dinah should watch her mouth seriously… first lovewins thingy then the N word and now gay as an insult
— sarah (@wokemila) September 18, 2016



I love Dinah but using gay as an insult is so wrong. She was so wrong for saying that. Idek how some of y’all are defending her.
— ♕Viviane (@BLMNormani) September 18, 2016


dinah used the n word & used gay as an insult. are yall gonna call her a snake now like you did with c?
— baby mamba brittany (@knowitariana) September 18, 2016


Previously, Hansen sparked outrage in the fandom when she confused sexuality with race and used the “Love Wins” argument to defend herself from accusation of cultural appropriation. At the time, she tweeted, “People be ignorant sometimes .. if LOVE WINS well can I win too? It shouldn’t matter what I am? Or how I wear my hair we are all human.”

pic.twitter.com/XIZ4A6YJ6x
— ️ (@kingliamvocals) June 28, 2015

/n