Jewel and Husband Ty Murray Divorcing: "We Wish Only What Is Best for Our Son" Jewel and her husband Ty Murray are divorcing. The 40-year-old singer, who married the rodeo pro back in August 2008 after 10 years together, announced .../n
Jewel and her husband Ty Murray are divorcing.The 40-year-old singer, who married the rodeo pro back in August 2008 after 10 years together, announced the split on her official website earlier today."My husband, friend and partner of 16 years and I have decided to get a divorce," Jewel wrote. "Ty and I have always tried to live the most authentic life possible, and we wanted our separation as husband and wife to be nothing less loving than the way we came together. For some time we have been engaged in a private and difficult, but thoughtful and tender undoing of ourselves. Allowing ourselves the time and space to redefine what we are to each other with love rather than malice."



Isaac Brekken/Getty Images

Jewel goes on to assure fans the breakup is completely amicable. "We have no desire to damage ourselves and each other in the process. Who better than each other to bear witness to the heart ache of redefining our family? And who better as ally, while we learn to redraw ourselves in whatever new shape we find as separate people who are still striving to be the best versions of ourselves—as humans and as parents."Oddly the very thing that Ty and I sought in coming together is the very thing we seek in separating. We both value growth. And growth became tragically and undeniably stifled as a couple, and we believe we can find it again in setting each other free. We truly believe we can find greater happiness apart than together, and this is why we are taking the enormous and heartbreaking step of divorce."Jewel says she and Ty remain committed to raising their 3-year-old son, Kase."Our dedication to our son is unwavering and we are both committed to being the best partners in raising our son," she wrote. "Due to the spirit in which we have gone about this separation, we trust we can remain dear friends who hold each other in high esteem, which is so important to us as parents—as we wish only what is best for our son."
/n