Kiernan Shipka, Camilla Belle, Freida Pinto and More Stars Celebrate 100 Years of Salvatore Ferragamo in Head-Turning Style/n
Fashion Week may have just started, but we have a feeling these outfits will rank really high on the ‘Most Talked About Party Looks’ list.  In honor of 100 successful (and high-fashion) years in the biz, Hollywood’s most stylish stars — Kiernan Shipka, Camilla Belle, Frieda Pinto and more celebs — flocked to Salvatore Ferragamo’s newly revamped flagship store on Rodeo Drive to celebrate the iconic shoe label Wednesday night.


Jeffrey Mayer/WireImage(2); Amanda Edwards/WireImage; Jon Kopaloff/FilmMagic


There’s a reason 15-year-old Shipka made it on to People’s 2015 Best Dressed list! The Mad Men star arrived to the event in one of the most polished looks to hit the carpet at the star-studded affair: a forest green velvet midi and black-and-silver sandals.
“[The dress] felt strong, the fabric is beautiful and it’s some of my favorite colors too,” Shipka told PEOPLE. “I remember I was a bit younger and wearing a Ferragamo outfit to an event, and I just felt so fancy and lovely in it. It was such a beautiful, very summery piece. That was, I would say, my introduction to becoming really into Ferragamo.”
RELATED PHOTOS: Fashion Week 2015: All the Stars From the Front Row to the Fancy Parties
Belle, who says she’s a longtime fan of the label, also opted for a black-and-green ensemble, selecting a lacy midi dress with a sheer skirt, a pair of black-and-silver sandals (the same ones as Shipka!) and an emerald box clutch.
And while the dress is gorgeous on its own, Belle says an outfit like this would look just as chic teamed with one of fall’s must-have accessories: an edgy jacket.

“A black leather jacket of some sort [is classic],” she said. “Since I was little I’ve always had them.” She adds that every fall wardrobe needs a simple shoe to pair with anything. “I think a nice pair of black pointy pumps are important. They can go with jeans or pants or a dress.”

RELATED PHOTOS: People’s 2015 Best Dressed List: See All the Winners
Pinto went ladylike in a sophisticated green wrap dress, which she accessorized with black sandals and a classic red lip. And lastly, Ireland Baldwin broke the night’s unofficial dress code, eschewing the dark fall color palette for a plunging cream-colored midi and black box clutch.
She said she looks up to supermodel Coco Rocha when picking out risk-taking looks. “I love her. She’s got such a beautiful style,” she told PEOPLE. “Her nude look is just so beautiful. She’s got her street style with her baby. She just looks so great.”
Which look is your favorite? Share below!
–Sarah Kinonen
RELATED VIDEO: PEOPLE Style x Gilt Collection Starring Ashley Madekwe

/n