Princess Di Lover Dodi Fayed's Shocking Drug Past: He Had ‘Amazing Coke'/n
According to former Studio 54 owner Mark Fleischman, before Dodi Fayed loved Princess Diana, the ex druggie loved “Quaaludes, good quality coke and hot women” RadarOnline.com can report.
The hard-partying coke fanatic allegedly trawled Studio 54 and illegal gay New York City clubs late at night with wild pals Liza Minnelli, Mick Jagger, Roy Halston and Robin Williams.
“Dodi, son of Egyptian billionaire Mohamed Al Fayed, who owned Harrods of London at the time, always had the most amazing coke,” Fleischman writes.
PHOTOS: Is That A Baby Bump? Princess Kate Cradles Her Belly In Bhutan
The royal’s former lover, who died in the infamous car crash that killed William and Henry’s beloved mother, was known for raving at “dangerous” parties in abandoned buildings and dodgy parts of town. According to Fleischman’s tell-all book Inside Studio 54, Fayed always carried with him “amazing coke.”
As Radar previously revealed, the late Princess Di’s heartbreaking autobiographical tapes have recently been released – and they contain shocking info on her tumultuous relationship with Prince Charles as well as on her lonely childhood.
PHOTOS: Never Forgotten! Princess Kate Makes Touching Tribute To Diana At Royal Event
Apart from the drugs, Fayed was also known as a shameless playboy – as he frequently visited grimy nightclubs with gorgeous models and Hollywood A-listers.
“I was swept into a world of celebrities, drugs, power and sex. I was the ringleader for nearly four years and I became intoxicated with the scene – bodies gyrating on the dance floor, sex in the balcony and anything goes in the ladies lounge and Rubber Room,” reveals Fleischman in his book. The setting was “perfect for sexual interaction.”
Club owner Hank Davis’ “special mix seemed to calm him down, making him less manic, more mellow and able to relax and just enjoy himself,” he continues.
PHOTOS: Kate Middleton & Princess Charlotte Celebrate 1st Birthday With New Photos
A-listers frequently seen at the club allegedly include: Jack Nicholson, Ryan O’Neal, Farrah Fawcett, Cher, Goldie Hawn, David Bowie, Rod Stewart, Andy Warhol, Drew Barrymore, Heather Locklear, Naomi Campbell, Christie Brinkley, Stephanie Seymour and Linda Evangelista.
After losing an “incredible woman” who he had been “crazy about” due to a boozy drug bender with Fayed, Fleischman checked into the Betty Ford Clinic, sold the infamous Studio 54 and now runs a health resort in California.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n