"indefinite break" from golf will be just about five months, as the comeback-minded club swinger announced this morning that he plans to hit the links in Augusta for the Masters Tournament in April. "The Masters is where I won.../n
Well, that didn't take long.Turns out Tiger Woods' "indefinite break" from golf will be just about five months, as the comeback-minded club swinger announced this morning that he plans to hit the links in Augusta for the Masters Tournament in April."The Masters is where I won my first major and I view this tournament with great respect," Woods said in a statement. "After a long and necessary time away from the game, I feel like I'm ready to start my season at Augusta."

He continues: "I have undergone almost two months of inpatient therapy and I am continuing my treatment. Although I'm returning to competition, I still have a lot of work to do in my personal life."The statement doesn't mention whether or not his wife, Elin Nordegren, will be in the peanut gallery cheering him on. Given recent photographs of the two of them together, this remains a possibility.The move, unsurprisingly, was lauded by the powers that be at the Masters, who can count on bigger TV ratings and huge ticket demand now that Tiger's back in the field."We support Tiger’s decision to return to competitive golf beginning at this year's Masters Tournament," says Billy Payne, chairman of Augusta National Golf Club and the Masters Tournament."Additionally, we support and encourage his stated commitment to continue the significant work required to rebuild his personal and professional life.""We were pleased to learn that Tiger Woods will be playing the Masters in a few weeks," says PGA Tour Commissioner Tim Finchem. "He has invested a lot of time taking steps, both in his personal and professional life, in order to prepare for his return. We all wish him and his family the best as he rejoins the Tour."Woods touched upon some of those personal issues last month when he made his lengthy public apology. At that time, he also promised that when he returned to the sport, he would "make [his] behavior more respectful of the game."The game, however, is slow and patient. This speedy return could be described as just the opposite.
/n