Leah Block Calls Racist Tweet About ‘Bachelorette’ a “Personal Failure”/n





                    'Bachelorette' Contestant Lee Garrett's Racist Tweets Exposed
                







Yikes. 

 MORE >>










                    'Bachelorette' Rachel Lindsay Reveals She's Engaged
                







Spoiler alert of the century!

 MORE >>





Leah Block is taking responsibility for an sensitive tweet about Rachel Lindsay and the current Bachelorette season.

Leah, a Bachelor alum appeared on Ben Higgins’ Season 20, was under fire when she made a joke that many found racist during Monday’s episode (June 20, 2017). “I’m sitting here watching @BacheloretteABC and my roommate just sat down on the couch and said, ‘What is this? @LoveAndHipHop_? DEAD,” she wrote in a now-deleted tweet.
Rachel, who is the first-ever black Bachelorette, clapped back at the comment about her diverse cast, replying, “Let me know if she wants to meet Lee…they sound like they would have a lot in common #ihavetimetoday.” The 31-year-old attorney was referring to Lee Garrett, one of her suitors who also faced backlash under fire earlier this month for alleged racist tweets.

Let me know if she wants to meet Lee…they sound like they would have a lot in common #ihavetimetoday https://t.co/CgEzZLxAWJ
— Rachel Lindsay (@TheRachLindsay) June 20, 2017

In a lengthy Facebook note shared June 21, Leah apologized for her comment, claiming “the tweet came from a place that humored the failure of representation of minorities in reality TV and belittled the significance of Rachel’s presence on the show.”
“I acknowledge that entertaining this kind of humor is a passive and careless action that stifles the progress the black community has made in television and continue to make in this industry,” she wrote. “It is vitally important to prioritize these experiences and help destroy the oppressive forces that threaten minority communities. My tweet did neither of those things and I see that as a personal failure.”
“I accept responsibility for my ignorance and as I move forward I will engage in these issues — so I can become an informed ally who would never consider that tweet to be funny in the first place,” she continued. “Our Society should have no place for hate that targets any minority group. We can’t make the future better until we make ourselves better. And I’m starting now.”
/n