Here’s What Kristen Stewart Actually Thinks of Her Relationship with Robert Pattinson/n





                    Kristen Stewart Talks Dating Robert Pattinson
                







"It wasn't real life anymore."

 MORE >>










                    Robert Pattinson Talks Kristen Stewart's Cheating Scandal
                







"Sh*t happens."

 MORE >>





Though Kristen Stewart is now happily dating a woman, it doesn’t mean she regrets getting romantically involved with co-star Robert Pattinson.

Speaking with The London Sunday Times, the actress reflects on her highly publicized relationship, which she initially only spoke about when she was caught cheating with director Rupert Sanders, with the British heartthrob.
“I didn’t talk about my first relationships that went public because I wanted things that are mine to be mine,” she explains of her reluctance to go public with the actor during the height of the Twilight craze. “I hated it that details of my life were being turned into a commodity and peddled around the world. But considering I had so many eyes on me, I suddenly realized [my private life] affects a greater number of people than just me. It was an opportunity to surrender a bit of what was mine, to make even one other person feel good about themselves.”


Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson's romantic timeline








































15 Photos »


“If it didn’t seem like a relevant topic, like something that needed help, I would have kept my life private forever. But then I can’t walk outside holding somebody’s hand, as I’m followed everywhere,” Stewart continues. “When I was dating Rob, the public was the enemy—and that is no way to live. It wasn’t this grand statement, ‘I was so confused! Now I’ve realized who I am!’ I have not been struggling.”
The 26-year-old, who recently declared that she’s “so gay” during her appearance on Saturday Night Live, adds that she decided to come out because “it just seemed important, and topical.”


Someone Wrote 'I Heart Rob' On Kristen Stewart's Truck








































10 Photos »


For Stewart, she believes her time with Pattinson helped her become the person she is today. “Every step turns you into the person you are, and yeah, [Twilight] shaped me enormously. Not just those movies, but the subsequent effect,” she explains.
In the past, Stewart has been linked to actor Michael Angarano, digital effects specialist Alicia Cargile and French singer Soko. She’s currently dating model Stella Maxwell.


Kristen Stewart and Robert Pattinson's romantic timeline








































10 Photos »


/n