Nick Gordon Recalls Bobbi Kristina Brown’s Final Moments, Reveals They Had a ‘Couple of Miscarriages’/n





                    Woman Who Cared for Bobbi Kristina Brown Practiced Nursing Without a License
                







New details are surfacing on the death of Bobbi Kristina.

 MORE >>










                    Bobbi Kristina Brown Was Preparing to Go to Rehab Before Accidental Drowning
                







Details here.

 MORE >>





Nick Gordon is opening up about late girlfriend Bobbi Kristina Brown.

Recounting the moments before Bobbi Kristina was discovered unresponsive in her bathtub on Jan. 31, 2015, Gordon said the couple had a fight before having sex and making up. He also denied accusations made by houseguest Daniella Bradley, who was deposed in a civil suit brought by BK’s conservator Bedelia Hargreaves, that he had punched and kicked Bobbi Kristina to the ground and dragged her upstairs by the hair on the night in question.
“I went out with a couple of buddies of mine earlier that day and we were out having a good time. Krissy thought I was with some other females and that’s when she got upset. She called and said I had to come home,” he said of the hours before Bobbi Kristina was found unconscious in her Roswell, Ga. home to the Daily Mail. “I thought she had just been drinking, maybe smoked a little. She was upset, we got into a little argument and then we made up and went upstairs and lay on the bed for about 45 minutes and did what adults do.”
“‘I went downstairs to go and play PS4 real quick and [Bobbi Kristina] got up and was doing her own thing. She was getting up and getting dressed,” he recalled of the morning after.


Gone Too Soon: Celebs Who Died Before Their Time








































17 Photos »


Though Gordon’s timeline is a little hazy, he claimed a Xfinity representative came to the house at around 10 a.m. He remembered friend Max Lomas showing the repairman around the house to fix their cable box. According to Gordon, Lomas was the one who initially found Bobbi Kristina in the bathtub after he knocked on her bedroom door but didn’t hear an answer.
“He knocked on the door and didn’t hear a call from Krissy. He knocked on the bathroom and still didn’t hear a call from Krissy and that’s when he found her in the bathtub. Then he calls my name,” Gordon said. “I ran to my room and then I saw my girl on the floor. It was so traumatizing. I dropped to my knees and kept giving her chest compressions and blowing into her mouth.”
He added, “I thought she was going to come round but that never happened.”
Bobbi Kristina was rushed to the hospital that Saturday morning, where she was then transferred to Emory University Hospital in Atlanta. She was in a medically induced coma for weeks before being moved to another facility in March. At the age of 22, having suffered from irreversible brain damage, Bobbi Kristina was pronounced dead on July 26, 2015 at Peachtree Christian Hospice.


Bobbi Kristina Brown, Nick Gordon at Whitney Houston Salute






















3 Photos »


A statement from the Fulton County Medical Examiner’s office later revealed that the daughter of Bobby Brown and late singer Whitney Houston’s cause of death was due to a combination of drowning and drug intoxication, complicated by cocaine use and heart disease. Marijuana, alcohol, a cocaine-related substance called benzoylecgonine, prescription anti-anxiety medication, and morphine were found in her system.
Gordon also claimed BK had almost drowned once after falling asleep with the water running in the bathtub. He said the incident happened the night before Houston was found dead in her bath at a Los Angeles hotel on Feb. 11, 2012.
“It was in the Beverly Hills Hilton and the water overflowed out into the hallway,” he said. “Whitney found her, pulled her out and slept in her bed that night.”
“After her mom had passed she would use drugs to numb the pain she was feeling,” he continued. “She started taking pain pills and Xanax and self-harming. You could see the scars on her arms.”


Bobbi Kristina Brown's Family Holds Public Candlelight Vigil








































7 Photos »


According to Gordon, Bobbi Kristina was often depressed, especially after suffering several miscarriages.
“We had a couple of miscarriages. We would have loved to have a kid but we weren’t planning on it yet and she was just such a young fragile person it took a toll on her,” he said. “We wanted to get clean, settle down, get married, have kids.”
Since Bobbi Kristina’s death, both her father and her cousin have accused Gordon of murder.
Gordon currently has an ongoing $10 million lawsuit with Bobbi Kristina’s family that claims that he had assaulted Bobbi Kristina and had been secretly stealing money from BK’s account prior to her death. The lawsuit also allege that Gordon had given Bobbi Kristina a “toxic cocktail” that caused her to lose consciousness before she was placed in the bathtub.


Family and Friends Mourn Bobbi Kristina Brown








































41 Photos »


/n