From North West to Elsie Otter, Check Out Some of the Most Unique Celebrity Baby Names In Hollywood, your celebrity baby is only as hip and unique as his or her name. And in 2015, it's almost more bizarre to opt for a conventional monik.../n
In Hollywood, your celebrity baby is only as hip and unique as his or her name. And in 2015, it's almost more bizarre to opt for a conventional moniker like "Sarah" or "Matt" than it is to name your kiddo after your favorite zoo animal. Exhibit A: Zooey Deschanel and hubby Jacob Pechenik recently revealed their daughter's name is Elsie Otter, explaining that because the furry critters are "really sweet, they're also smart, they use tools to keep their favorite tools, [and] they hold hands while they sleep" there simply was no other option. E! star Kim Kardashian and rapper Kanye West made headlines in 2013 when the couple dubbed their first daughter North West. But with a son on the way, sources maintain they won't be heading towards another direction-inspired name, leaving Easton out of the question. 

It would simply be sacrilegious to leave Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin's cutie Apple Martin and Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes' doting daughter Suri Cruise out of the picture, as they are both basically the gatekeepers to celeb children with exotic epithets.Since their births 11 and nine years ago, respectively, stars have continued push the boundaries of ordinary baby names. After all, it could be argued that despite her parents superstar status, Blue Ivy's popularity skyrocketed after Beyoncé and Jay-Z revealed her extra-original name. There's something to be said about being the only student in the classroom named after a primary color! Like Bey and Jay, stars have long attached special meaning to their bundles of joy, with Jessica Alba and Cash Warren paying homage to spirituality by naming their kids Haven Garner and Honor Marie; Nicolas Cage calling his son Kal-El after Superman; and Rachel Bilson naming her daughter Briar Rose after the Disney princess from Sleeping Beauty. 

Others have opted for the plain wacky. Illusionist Penn Jillette's daughter is Moxie Crimefighter; DJ Diplo named his second son Lazer Lee Louis after his musical group Major Lazer; Mariah Carey and Nick Cannon's twins go by Monroe and Moroccan (Roc and Roe for short); and former Playboy model Holly Madison named her mini-me Rainbow Aurora. Perhaps the most unique celeb baby name? Mike Myers revealed on The Late Show With David Letterman his daughter was named Sunday Molly because, "Me and my wife Kelly [Tisdale] hate Sundays—I'm not even kidding—and we wanted to turn it around and make it a good thing." With that kind of logic, looks like Monday should top the list of next year's most popular baby names. 
/n