‘Fixer Upper’ Star Chip Gaines Sued by Former Business Partner, Joanna Gaines Addresses Show Departure Rumors/n





                    Christina and Tarek El Moussa to Return for More 'Flip or Flop' Episodes
                







It's not over

 MORE >>





Fixer Upper’s Chip Gaines was hit with a hefty lawsuit by two of his former Magnolia Realty business partners for fraud.

John L. Lewis and Richard L. Clark filed a 24-page lawsuit in Waco’s 170th State District Court in which they are seeking more than $1 million in damages, plus non-monetary relief. According to KWTX, Lewis and Clark say that Chip bought them out without telling them that HGTV decided to broadcast the show nationally “and that the show prominently featured the ‘Magnolia’ brand name.”
Gaines’ attorney Jordan Mayfield told KWTX, “We are confident that these claims will be found to be meritless, and it is disappointing to see people try to take advantage of the hard work and success of Chip and Joanna Gaines.”
Lewis, Clark, and Gaines were equal partners when they founded Magnolia Real Estate Company in 2007. Chip shared a tweet on Friday after news broke that might be a sly subtweet about the lawsuit at hand:


The light shines in the darkness, and the darkness has not overcome it.
— Chip Gaines (@chippergaines) April 28, 2017

Read the full terms of the lawsuit on KWTX.


Inside Drake's $10,000-a-Night Beverly Hills Airbnb








































33 Photos »


Meanwhile, Joanna wrote a blog post to address rumors about her leaving the show to pursue projects in the beauty industry that were sparked by an article with the headline, “HGTV Nightmare: Joanna Gaines Leaves Show to Start a Cosmetic Line.” The story claims that Joanna has been showing up late to the construction sites because she was devoting her time to the promotion of an anti-aging serum.
“So many things are happening right now and it feels like we are moving at the speed of light. At times, it’s even hard to keep our own parents in the loop. It’s true,” she writes in her post. “At this point in our career we can honestly say, we’ve heard it all—from reports of us moving our family to Vegas to us having more or less children than we actually have. So remember, you can’t believe everything you read.”
She adds that she is not getting into the business of facial creams, she is not expecting another child, but they are filming season 5 of the show.
“In summary, don’t buy the facial cream, friends,” she concludes.
/n