Police Identify Ariana Grande Concert Bomber as Salman Abedi/n





                    Queen Elizabeth II Calls Manchester Arena Bombing an "Act of Barbarity"
                







The royal family addresses the Manchester bombing. 

 MORE >>










                    Ariana Grande Addresses Fans After Manchester Terror Attack
                







"Broken."

 MORE >>





Manchester police have identified 22-year-old Salman Abedi as the suspected bomber responsible for the explosion at an Ariana Grande concert in Manchester, England Monday night (May 22, 2017).

During a press conference Tuesday, Greater Manchester Chief Constable Ian Hopkins revealed Abedi was British, but added the man’s identity has yet to be formally confirmed by a coroner.
According to the Telegraph, Abedi was born in Manchester and grew up in the Whalley Range area. He was the second youngest child of two Libyan refugees who, as unconfirmed reports claim, recently returned to Libya.
Authorities also announced they have arrested a 23-year-old male — whose name has not been released — in connection to the attack.
Police previously believed the suicide bomber acted alone when an explosive device was detonated just outside the Manchester Arena around 10:33 p.m. At least 22 were killed and 59 were injured in the blast, which occurred just as fans were filing out of the venue shortly after Grande had finished her concert.
So far, three victims have been identified, including 8-year-old Saffie Roussos and 18-year-old Georgina Callander.
In the wake of the tragedy, Grande’s Dangerous Woman Tour has been suspended indefinitely. Insiders tell E! News that the singer returned to Florida with her mom Joan Grande and her Beagle-Chihuahua mix, Toulouse, to be reunited with her family.
“They were met at the airport by Ariana’s boyfriend, Mac Miller,” a source adds. “When Ariana got off the plane, Mac greeted her on the tarmac with a long hug followed by a kiss. Mac also gave Ariana’s mom a hug. It was a very emotional reunion and they stood talking for a minute before getting into the car. Ariana looked exhausted and like she didn’t get much sleep. She seemed like she just wanted to get home and be with her loved ones.”
“Broken. from the bottom of my heart, i am so so sorry,” the 23-year-old tweeted. ” i don’t have words.”

broken.
from the bottom of my heart, i am so so sorry. i don’t have words.
— Ariana Grande (@ArianaGrande) May 23, 2017

/n