TMZ Live: Ariel Winter vs. Mom -- The Courtroom Showdown/nAriel Winter's mom claimed the 14-year-old  "Modern Family " star actually attacked her -- but Ariel's sister says mom  "sexualizes " Ariel. Things got heated in court, and we have all the testimony. Plus,  "Homeland " villian Navid Negahban says one country's terrorist is another country's hero -- sounds shocking, but he does have a point? Opinions, and tempers, were flying over this one.Also,  "Real Housewives " star Brandi Glanville calls in to explain how she ended up in financial dire straits after divorcing Eddie Cibrian -- and why she's now available for (camera) whoring! She said it, not us.    (0:00)  "Modern Family " star Ariel Winter and her mother battle it out in court -- and the shocking details that emerge show a family ready to go to war amongst themselves.  (6:00) Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez are still broken up despite meeting for 2-hours in NYC -- and most people want Justin to give up the ball and chain and start hooking up with supermodels. (10:00) Elmo voice Kevin Clash sent a sexual email to his accuser -- and we know what was said.  (14:00) If you thought Adrienne Maloof and Paul Nassif's divorce war was over ... think again.  (18:00)  "Real Housewives " star Brandi Glanville says she's basically broke after her divorce with Eddie Cibrian ... and she's ready to whore herself out for the cameras to make ends meet.  (24:00) Iranian-born actor and  "Homeland " terrorist Navid Negahban says  "sometimes the terrorists in other countries are all the heroes " -- and as shocking as it may sound ... he definitely has point.  (27:10) Comedienne Janeane Garofalo was married for the last 20 years ... and didn't know it. Seriously! You gotta hear this story. (31:00) Whoopi Goldberg expresses sincere concern for one of our camera guys, who took a beating during Hurricane Sandy. (34:10) Caroline Kennedy is sued after he daughter is involved in a car crash -- and the way the attorney for the victim handled the case is something we've never seen before. (37:00) A  "CSI " actor files for bankruptcy ... so how did he go belly up after earning so much money?  (41:00) The floor is yours!/n