Vanderpump Rules' Stassi Schroeder Tearfully Details Her Anniversary Breakup With BF/n

Stassi Schroeder certainly wasn't PUMP-ed to be dumped on her anniversary.
As we previously reported, the Vanderpump Rules star was given quite the shock when her on-again/off-again boyfriend Patrick Meagher broke up with her just before they were set to head out on a romantic Mexican getaway. Thankfully, Miz Schroeder's bestie Rachel O'Brien rallied and joined the reality TV starlet on her anniversary trip.
Related: Jax Enters The Jazz Jennings/Derick Dillard Feud!
While Stassi has been open about the split on her social media platforms, the Bravolebrity got specific about what caused her SUR-prising (sorry, we can't help ourselves) breakup on her podcast, titled Straight Up With Stassi. On her headline making split, Schroeder explained: 
"We get into an argument on our anniversary that he did not remember. Our four-year anniversary. Granted, OK, we broke up for a really long time, but we met four years ago on that day. I didn't even get a fucking daisy. Not even a weed. What did I get? I got told I was broke up with a day before our Mexican vacation that I already paid for."
So savage. And while the blonde TV personality gave Meagher a bit to reconsider his decision, the radio host resolved that the break-up was for the best. Jax Taylor's ex continued:
"I start going crazy, like mindlessly sobbing, taking mad amounts of Xanax to calm down. I'm still on my Xanax. It's the only way I can [get through]. My breakfast consists of milk and red wine and two eggs that I didn't eat and bacon and a Xanax. And that's pretty much how I feel."
Poor thing. Although, there are worse things to be than heartbroken in Mexico. Still, despite her heartbreak, Stassi is clearly missing Patrick. Amid tears, the 29-year-old told her listeners:
"I miss him every fucking minute. I'm going to cry. I don't know how to bounce back from this. It's the biggest deal. He couldn't get on the plane. I made the effort. I got on the plane. I wore a harem pants jumpsuit to go on the plane and he couldn't get on the plane. It's pride. He was too prideful to [come on the trip and] that's' what makes it so much harder."
Oof. And it sounds like Stassi is even willing to take her man back as she added:
"We both really love each other. Four years later and I'm just as equally attracted to him as I was the day I met him. So I'm fucking confused and really upset. So it's making it way harder."
Talk about a tough situation. Regardless, Stassi doesn't want her fans to go after Patrick as he's supposedly a "wonderful person."
She concluded:
"Please, I don't want anyone to go and hate him. He's a good guy. He's a dick for not fucking coming on this trip and breaking up with me for whatever fucking prideful reason that I know he regrets now, but he's a wonderful person."
Sure he is. Hopefully, this getaway allows Stassi to get some closure and forces her to REALLY move on from her romance with Meagher.
Stay strong, girl.
[Image via Instagram.]
/n