Home Alone's Daniel Stern Remembers John Heard Along With Other Stars/n
John Heard‘s Home Alone co-star Daniel Stern has paid a touching tribute to his late iconic co-star.
Stern, who played serial burglar Marv Merchants in the “Home Alone” movies, wrote a powerful essay commemorating his friendship with Heard.
Heard was something like a big brother to him, taking him under his wing in New York before they were famous.
PHOTOS: Domestic Abuse & A Six Day Marriage? John Heard’s Secrets And Scandals Exposed
Stern posted a powerful essay on his Twitter account remembering Heard.
He wrote: “Nothing was more intense than John’s performance in life,” Stern wrote. “He lived it hard, fast, and fearlessly. He was a romantic and a raconteur.
He was as loyal and as generous as they come. He was a friend and a brother and a legend in his time.”
PHOTOS: John Heard Death Continues Curse Of The ‘Home Alone’ Cast
Heard was found in a Palo Alto hotel dead, aged 71, on Friday where he was recovering from minor back surgery two days prior with the news sending shockwaves around Hollywood.
Actor Macaulay Culkin, who played his son Kevin in the Home Alone movies, also paid tribute to his on-screen father. You will always be my father. No matter what! Your son, Kevin. #RIPJohnHeard. #HomeAlone will always be a beautiful memory for us all.
Friends Elijah Wood and Jeff Bridges took to social media to pay tribute to the actor.
“Sad to hear of John Heard’s passing”, Wood wrote.
Jeff Bridges said “John Heard- what a wonderful actor. We were in the movie Cutter’s Way together & I got to experience his artistry and dedication first hand.”
PHOTOS: Last Photos: Debbie Reynolds Rushed From Carrie Fisher’s Home Before Tragic Death
Cher and Elizabeth Perkins also took to social media to mourn the death of their friend.
Comedian Marlon Wayans, who starred with Heard in White Chicks, said they “shared a lot of laughs”.
“Thank you for all your contributions to our beloved industry,” the comedian wrote on Instagram. “May you live forever through your vast body of work.”
PHOTOS: Shootings, Crashes & Overdoses! Celebrity Near-Death Experiences Uncovered
Heard also made a name for himself after starring in Big with Tom Hanks, Beaches opposite Bette Midler, The Sopranos and Battlestar Galactica, among other roles on the big and small screens.
But it was his role in Home Alone where Heard was most remembered, playing Peter McCallister – the dad to Macaulay Culkin’s Kevin.
Heard was nominated for an Emmy in 1999 for his role in The Sopranos.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n