Rapper Troy Ave Among 3 Wounded in Mass Shooting at T.I. Show That Also Killed One/n

Rapper Troy Ave was among those wounded in a shooting before a T.I. concert at Irving Plaza in New York City’s Union Square on Wednesday night, the 30-year-old’s camp confirmed to XXL magazine.  
Troy Ave was taken to NYU Langone Medical Center for treatment after being shot in the leg.  
T.I. was preparing to take the stage when the shooting began in the venue’s third-floor green room around 10:15 p.m. The NYPD said hip-hop artists Uncle Murda and Maino were onstage at the time, XXL reports.  
Troy AveJohnny Nunez/WireImage
According to ABC7 New York, two other victims of the shooting were wounded and one man died. The NYPD said a 34-year-old man was shot in the chest and taken to Bellevue Hospital to recover and a 26-year-old woman was shot in the leg and is in stable condition at Beth Israel Hospital. A 33-year-old man was also taken to Beth Israel after being shot in the stomach but, once there, was pronounced dead.  


Gunshots just went off at the T.I concert, never been so scared in my life pic.twitter.com/rn0CjpAuaU
— Marco (@markygeezy) May 26, 2016




Evacuated after shots fired while crowd waited for @Tip tonight at @IrvingPlaza pic.twitter.com/2hDT9qgO9t
— Diana Zuluaga (@dmz75) May 26, 2016



Rest In Peace Bro. God bless. pic.twitter.com/Vq6qFnq5bC
— T.I. (@Tip) May 26, 2016

Chief of Manhattan South Detectives William Aubry said late Wednesday night that although no arrests had yet been made in the case, the police were able to recover ballistic evidence from the crime scene and were continuing their investigation, according to CBS2 New York. Aubry said police were looking into how somebody was able to get a gun past Irving Plaza’s metal detectors.  
In a statement posted to Twitter Thursday afternoon, T.I. wrote, “My heart is heavy today. Our music is intended to save lives, like it has mine and many others. My heartfelt condolences to the family that suffered the loss and my prayers are with all those injured.”
/n