Watch Horrifying Indy 500 Crash That Obliterates Car/n
Horrifying! Racer Scott Dixon‘s Indy 500 car crashed today at Indianapolis Motor Speedway and it completely obliterated his car.
According to reports, the accident happened just over the 50-lap mark of the famed race when driver Jay Howard crashed into the outside wall during a turn on the track.
After bouncing off the wall slowly, Howard slid down the track in front of Dixon, whose Racing Honda went airborne, flying over the top of Helio Castroneves before landing on the inside wall, ripping the rear end of his machine off. Dixon’s car then burst into flames.
PHOTOS: Dolly Parton Lists West Hollywood Crash Pad For $1,395,000
Incredibly, although Dixon’s car was completely destroyed, the racer was fine, checked out on the scene and released, as The Wrap reported.
Race car driver Howard was also pronounced fit after he was examined at the Indy 500.
According to Fox News, the red flag was flown due to a hole made in the infield safety fencing from the crash.
PHOTOS: Top Ten Most Famous Plane Crashes
A photographer in the infield narrowly avoided the wreck and was taken to the infield medical center for further observation, Fox reported.
It wasn’t the only scary incident to hit Dixon, 36, on Indianapolis 500 week, ABC News reported. Several days ago, Dixon and retired former IndyCar Series driver Dario Franchitti, Ashley Judd‘s former husband, were robbed at gunpoint at a Taco Bell drive-thru Sunday in Indianapolis, according to a police report obtained by ESPN.
But after his Sunday crash, Dixon was lucky to walk away. As Radar has reported, racing is a highly dangerous sport. Tragically, in March, racing veteran David Steele, 42, died after his car slammed into a retaining wall at a Florida racetrack.
PHOTOS: NeNe Leakes’ Son In Near-Fatal Car Crash
Watch the video of Dixon’s terrifying crash above.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n