Beyoncé Sings About Cheating Lover in Lemonade Album—Is Rachel Roy "Becky"? Is designer Rachel Roy the mysterious "Becky" Beyoncé references in a new song about a cheating lover? The pop star debuted a new visual album, L.../n
Is designer Rachel Roy the mysterious "Becky" Beyoncé references in a new song about a cheating lover?The pop star debuted a new visual album, Lemonade, on HBO Saturday, and later released the songs on Tidal. The record includes several tracks about infidelity and other relationship issues, including the track "Sorry," in which she sings, "I see them boppers in the corner / They sneaking out the back door / He only want me when I'm not there / He better call Becky with the good hair."Roy had reportedly spurred a confrontation between Beyoncé's husband Jay-Z and her sister Solange Knowles in a hotel elevator in 2014. Leaked surveillance video of the incident went viral."Good hair don't care, but we will take good lighting, for selfies, or self truths, always," Roy wrote on Instagram after Lemonade aired. "Live in the light #nodramaqueens." 

Naturally, the Beyhive was buzzing after Roy's comments. She soon made her Instagram account private."I respect love, marriages, families and strength," she tweeted Sunday morning. "What shouldn't be tolerated by anyone, no matter what, is bullying, of any kind."In the 2014 elevator clip, Solange is seen yelling and attacking Jay Z. A source told E! News at the time that "Rachel was being flirtatious" with the rap star at the gala."Beyoncé approached Rachel to let her know the behavior was disrespectful and she wanted her out of their lives for good," the source added. "Solange came over to have her sister's back, and things got heated with her and Rachel. Jay said some disrespectful things to Beyoncé and Solange as the confrontation was going down. That's why all hell broke loose in the elevator and why Beyoncé just stood back and let Solange hit Jay."Roy, Jay Z, Beyoncé and Solange have not commented. The couple has never confirmed or denied cheating rumors.Jay Z does appear in HBO's Lemonade mini-film—at the end, as Beyoncé sings about forgiveness.
/n