Trump Wants Police Officers To Be MORE Violent To 'Thugs'!/n

Police brutality has been a huge conversation in America throughout history, and the president is finally speaking up about it.
But of course when Donald Trump opened his butthole mouth on the subject, it was to say that he felt police weren't brutal ENOUGH to the "thugs" they arrest!
Video: Maxine Waters Take Trump's Treasury Secretary!
POTUS spoke in front of law enforcement officers on Long Island, New York on Friday to discuss efforts to combat the violent MS-13 gang, and received resounding applause when he promoted police brutality.
While thanking the officers on all the great work they do in keeping the streets safe — something we all commend — the president took a nose dive into Trumpsanity suggesting the officers should hit suspects' heads on the doors of their police cars.
He mused: 

"When you see these towns and when you see these thugs being thrown into the back of a paddy wagon, you just see them thrown in, rough, and I said, ‘Please don't be too nice.' Like when you guys put somebody in the car and you're protecting their head, you know, the way you put their hand over, like, don't hit their head and they've just killed somebody, don't hit their head, I said, ‘You can take the hand away, OK?'"
The room responded to his remarks with applause:

President urges officers to commit acts of brutality, officers laugh and cheer wildly. Beginning to think problem isn't a few bad apples. pic.twitter.com/o1sSgw6lGy
— Matthew Gertz (@MattGertz) July 28, 2017
Though, to be fair, the suspect in Trump's hypothetical scenario HAD just killed someone.
Not to mention, the MS-13 gang has severely affected the Long Island community recently, as civilians have been rocked by a string of high-profile murders in the area.
Related: Trump Blindsided By Republican Senators!
The Shit-Stirrer in Chief continued to say that his administration would be "changing" laws to no longer protect the criminals, adding:

"For years and years, [laws have] been made to protect the criminal. Totally protect the criminal, not the officers. You do something wrong, you're in more jeopardy than they are. These laws are stacked against you. We're changing those laws… We're going to enforce our laws, protect our borders and support our police like our police have never been supported before."
Yup, this all goes back to border protection. The president has often spoken about the "criminal cartel" MS-13 — which has origins in Central America — and its relationship to illegal immigration.
No one is arguing that the MS-13 is a problem, though some experts have raised concerns about the Trump administration using the gang to justify its controversial immigration policies.
As for Trump's police brutality comments, there's a huge difference between rallying officers and encouraging "rough rides" like the ones that killed Freddie Grey and Philando Castile.
[Image via Fox News.]
/n