Victor Garber and Rainer Andreesen Are Married! Surprise! Actor Victor Garber and model/artist Rainer Andreesen got married over the weekend. Andreesen broke the news via Instagram by sharing a picture of himself and Garber, writing, &q.../n
Surprise! Actor Victor Garber and model/artist Rainer Andreesen got married over the weekend. Andreesen broke the news via Instagram by sharing a picture of himself and Garber, writing, "YES WE DID! #justgotmarried #elopedintofino #canada @therealvictorgarber #after16years." Garber, meanwhile, has yet to share any photos or details via his own social media accounts.No other wedding details have been announced.The congratulatory messages came flooding in almost immediately, with Bravo's Watch What Happens Live host Andy Cohen writing, "OH MY GOD!!! Much love to you both!!!!!!!! Mazels all around! Kiss Vic for me!!!" Rosie O'Donnell added, "Congrats to u 2 talented handsome men !!!!" The Young and the Restless' Greg Rikaart simply wrote, "HUGE congrats, @rainearts @therealvictorgarber," while An American in Paris star Max von Essen echoed, "Thrilled for you both! Congrats!!"The grooms have always been quite private. Garber famously acknowledged Andreesen in a January 2013 in an interview with blogger Greg Hernandez, saying, "I don't really talk about it, but everybody knows." At the time, he said Andreesen would be accompanying him to the Screen Actors Guild Awards later that month.

Though many believed that was the first time Garber had publicly acknowledged Andreeesen, he had actually done so at least once before, a year earlier, during an interview with Canada's Forever Young News. Asked to choose his greatest achievement, the Legally Blonde and Alias actor said, "My relationships with my family and my friends. My companion Rainer Andreesen and I have been together almost 13 years in Greenwich Village. We both love New York."Garber, who officiated Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner's wedding in 2005, is currently shooting DC's Legends of Tomorrow for The CW. His other credits on the big and small screens include roles in Godspell, Lend Me a Tenor, Titanic, Argo, The Flash, The Town, Sicario, The First Wives Club and Milk.Congratulations to the newlyweds!
/n