The Best, Worst & Wackiest Fashions Of The Week/n
By Leah Ornstein – Radar Style & Beauty Editor
From Beverly Hills to London and the streets of Venice Beach, Hollywood stars were out in all their best and worst fashions, and RadarOnline.com brings them all to you in our weekly style round-up.
PHOTOS: The Best, Worst & Wackiest Fashions Of The Week
BEST: Kristen Bell is returning to television and she is doing so in smashing fashion!  The blonde babe hit the premiere of her new Showtime series House of Lies, sparkling in a killer Zuhair Murad beaded dress. She finished off the flawless look with Christian Louboutin steel-toed heels.
WORST: Debra Messing could easily be nicknamed Debra Messy if she doesn’t watch out with her wardrobe! The soon-to-be divorcee was looking down and out in Beverly Hills, wearing an over-sized poncho-like sleeveless coat, baggy jeans and Birkenstocks!
BEST: Rachel Weisz, with her husband Daniel Craig showed off her swerving curves at the Madrid premiere of The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo in a belted Alexander McQueen frock with black Roger Vivier pumps.
BEST: Meryl Streep looked regal in Stella McCartney at the London premiere of The Iron Lady, accessorizing the blue and black look with a Fiona Paxton necklace and Michael Kors boots.
WACKY: Benji Madden and his new girlfriend Eliza Doolittle definitely weren’t trying to go under the radar, while taking a stroll around L.A.’s Venice Beach.
WORST: A bare-faced Madonna was dressed to fly in ski clothes, while leaving her winter wonderland vacation.
BEST: A bare-faced Katharine McPhee was flying high on the fashion front for a day of traveling, finishing off her casually chic look with a glossy Yves Saint Laurent bag.
WORST: Decades after her hit show Blossom, Mayim Bialik decided to resurrect her characters wardrobe for an afternoon of errands in Los Angeles.
WORST: Shauna Sand showed off her stripper style in Beverly Hills, wearing clear plastic and cork heels with tiny cutoffs and a boob-baring top.
WORST: Mischa Barton continued her endless vacation, arriving in St. Barts in leopard pants and a huge Emilio Pucci scarf.
WORST: Snooki put her boobs on display while filming a segment for Extra in a metallic topped mini dress and startlingly high heels.
WORST: J-WOWW showed off her bombshell boots in an overly ruffled top and denim jeans while filming a segment for Extra at The Grove.
BEST: Rooney Mara showed off her abs at a Berlin photo call for The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, wearing a smokin’ hot Miu Miu two-piece ensemble with strappy Miu Miu heeled sandals.
BEST: Hats off to Kate! Pippa Middleton hit the streets of London taking some fashion pointers from her regal older sis, rocking a fabulous Febronie fedora with her bright red Zara coat, skinny jeans and brown thigh-high boots. /n