Andrew Garfield's Drag Number To Whitney Houston's I'm Every Women Is His Best Performance To Date! WATCH!/n

Way to WERQ it, Andrew Garfield!
On Tuesday evening, the Hacksaw Ridge star surprised fans by popping up on stage at the Werq the World Tour show in London. And Emma Stone's ex didn't just make an appearance at the drag show revue, as he also donned a curly wig and lip-synced to Whitney Houston's I'm Every Woman.
Related: Andrew Reveals How His Ryan Reynolds Kiss Came To Be!
Yas 👏 yas 👏 YAAAAAAS! The 33-year-old attended the show alongside Nathan Stewart-Jarrett and Russell Tovey, who currently star in the London revival of Angels in America with Garfield. Nonetheless, Andrew was completely alone onstage as he rocked out to the late Miz Houston's classic.
The impromptu performance was brought about thanks to the show's Wig in a Box segment — and it's safe to say that the Oscar nominee brought his A-game for the number.
Not only did The Social Network alum perfectly lip-sync along to the banger, but he also pulled out an EPIC back flip.
Be sure to ch-ch-check out footage from Andrew's performance (below)! 




SO ANDREW GARFIELD JUST CAME ON STAGE AND LIPSYNCED TO WHITNEY I AM NOT OKAY!!!!! #andrewgarfieldA post shared by Emily Meow ♡ (@emilymeowwww) on May 30, 2017 at 2:21pm PDT






Peppermints? Before the performance? You are spoiling us… #werqtheworld #proudmama @michellevisageA post shared by Eleanor Matsuura (@eleanormatsuura) on May 31, 2017 at 12:54am PDT



No but seriously #AndrewGarfield as #Whitney. Thanks @michellevisage. #WerqTheWorld pic.twitter.com/G6J4Vzzlwu
— Michael (@mj_hewitt) May 30, 2017
OMG. R.I.P., us!
However, Andrew wasn't the only superstar in attendance as Laverne Cox popped up in a pic (pictured up top) next to the celebrated actor and host Michelle Visage. On Andrew and Laverne's visit, Miz Visage wrote:
"What a show, what a night! Thank you as always 🇬🇧 YOU ARE MY HEART AND SOUL. Andrew Garfield, you are my new friend, I am SO proud of you for not just lip syncing Whitney tonight in a wig no less, but for opening your mind and heart to all it has to offer. @lavernecox you keep doing what you're doing, you are a trailblazer, a beauty and a 💎 I LOVE YOU #werqtheworld #tour#soldout"
The drag show also featured RuPaul's Drag Race vets Violet Chachki, Kim Chi, Shea Coulee, Detox, Shangela, and Sasha Velor. What a line up!
Is it crazy that we're having #FOMO right now??
[Image via Instagram.]
/n