[music playing] I'm completely in love with the space age, the art and fashion movement from the '60s inspired by the space and the idea of the future. But the future is now, and it looks pretty different from what they thought. Well, everything changes, but one thing remains the same-- incredible space. In 1962, the United States launched its first communications satellite into the space, Telstar. And then everybody got inspired to create clothing, furniture, and to think about a futuristic lifestyle that seemed so close to them. They were living in the space age, after all. Ooh, how can I eat that? Our solar system is composed by eight planets that I like to think of food. And Pluto, technically not a planet, but I like to be inclusive. I'm going to steal my favorite ones to decorate my tart. So sorry, universe. Let's start by making the shortcrust. And this is not an average crust, otherwise it wouldn't be called shortcrust. It's super buttery and delicious. So the first ingredient I'm going to add here is butter. Hmm, room temperature, please. Well, room temperature because first I'm going to whisk it with some-- oh, here. I'm going to whisk it with some confectioner's sugar. And then once this is super creamy, I'm going to add the rest of the ingredients. So now I'm going to whisk both of them together until it's super fluffy and pale yellow. And then I'm going to add the egg yolks. And it's really awesome to use confectioner's sugar in your crust, because since confectioner's sugar is 10 times thinner than regular sugar, it's going to give more structure to your crust. Just going to whisk it until it's fluffy. Perfect. And then I'm going to add the cashew. Well, it's actually ground cashew, but you can use ground almonds or any other nut you want. And then I'm going to add the cocoa powder, a pinch of salt, and the flour. This is a really nice crust for you to make with any other of your recipes. And here I'm going to stir just until it all comes together. Don't overwork this dough. You want a flaky, crumbly, delicious crust. As soon as the dough comes all together, shape in a square and get ready to roll it out. Of course, I'm going to take advantage of the futuristic setup here. Place your dough on a countertop and sprinkle some flour. Ew, not that much. The crust is going to get too dry. With a rolling pin, open a rectangle of approximately half inch thick. To avoid tearing, roll the dough on the rolling pin, and then unroll over your pan. Remove the excess dough and poke some holes with a fork so the air can escape. Freeze this for 10 minutes before you bake it, so it's going to get super crunchy. Now we're going to see my crust baking for approximately 15 minutes or until it looks chalky and very opaque. Since it's a chocolate crust, you're not going to see it gaining any color. Oh, maybe you will. I'm so glad I can go back in time. (SINGING) Hey you boys, come on, let's make some noise. One, two, three, sing along with me. OK, here I'm going to rough-- roughly chop my chocolate. You have to melt in a double boiler. Yeah, because chocolate is super sensitive to heat. Every tiny bit, because I'm not the kind of girl to waste any bit of chocolate. OK here, working with chocolate and wearing white, it's not what I would call a perfect combo. As this melts, I'm going to take another pan, and I'm going to heat my cream with my honey. As soon as your chocolate melts and your milk boils, you're ready to combine them. Just turn in a circular motion from the middle to the edges. Some chefs believe it has to be clockwise, but I like to live on the edge. Finish the ganache with butter to make it shinier. You can stop walking now. To prevent the crust from getting soggy, brush a thin layer of melted chocolate on the inside to seal it and keep it crisp for longer. Pour the ganache on the crust and spread it. Refrigerate it for two hours, or just take it to space for three seconds. My tart is ready, completely chilled and smelling wonderful. And now I just have to decorate it. And what better way to represent the Milky Way than with milk chocolate? Decorate the tart with gold powder, white cocoa butter, peach in syrup, cherry, and macaroon that I caramelized some sugar and sandwiched between the shell, so it resembles Saturn's rings. Finish with bonbons. (SINGING) I thought of things you used to say. Did you hear how crunchy it is? It's like a muffled sound, it's like a crunchiness that fulfils your mouth. And then on top of this comes the super creamy milk chocolate ganache in the perfect texture. This chocolate tart is wonderful, marvelous, incredible. But a better way to describe it would be out of this world. (SINGING) When someone believes in you. You can conquer the entire universe if you want to. And it can be in the palm of your hands. No, it's right here, right next to you. And it's delicious. Did you love this video? Then prove it. Subscribe to Food Network's YouTube channel. So many great videos there. Yeah, more videos for you to love.