[theme music] It's really great to live in modern times where we have a portable version of everything that surrounds us-- a phone, a computer, even an orange. Technically, this is a kumquat, but I like to call it tiny orange. You know what, even an analogue record player has its own compact version. Very incredible and amazing. But you know what I wish I had a portable version as well? Our favorite desserts. I mean, are we always supposed to make a pie to share? Of course not. Today, I'm going to show you how to make a very perfect and classic lemon meringue pie, but in a stick for you to carry around anywhere you go. And then you can also eat by yourself and not feel guilty to make a huge pie. So I'm going to start by making the lemon curd, which is a super delicious filling, very traditional. And I'm going to start making my lemon curd by zesting one lemon. Don't zest the white pith, because it's too bitter. I'm going to squeeze the juice in here. Don't worry about the seeds, we're going to sift it later. Always use fresh citrus fruit. And if you buy from a can, it doesn't have the tanginess that we need here. So right here I'm going to add my eggs. It's still going to be cooked in a double boiler. And I'm also going to add my sugar. And now I'm going to add my butter. Beautiful. So here I have everything in the double boiler, a pan with water underneath. Don't let the water touch the bottom of the bowl, cause this is going to increase the temperature too much. And the eggs need to settle-- oh [bleep]. Oh, I dropped this. So the eggs need to settle very slowly, otherwise it will curdle. And you don't want your lemon curd to look like scrambled eggs. Cook you curd for approximately 25 minutes, stirring every once in a while. This is going to get thick and opaque. Hydrate the gelatin sheets in cold water and add it to the warm lemon curd. This is going to melt beautifully. Look at the viscosity of this. You strain your curd to remove the seeds and pour it over a pan covered with plastic wrap. Now we just have to freeze the lemon curd for at least four hours in my portable freezer. [music playing] It didn't fit in there, so now I have to place the curd in my real but boring and unportable freezer. This is the perfect combination between sweet and sour. But a real lemon meringue pie is not a pie without a graham cracker crust. And of course, I'm going to show you how to make a homemade version. In a bowl add butter, honey, and brown sugar. Mix it until pale yellow and very fluffy. Then you can add salt, cinnamon, baking soda, flour, wheat flour, and wheat germ. Stir everything until combined. Sprinkle some flour on top of the dough. And with the help of a rolling pin, open the dough until you reach a half inch of thickness. Slice the dough in rectangles of five by one inches. Cut off the edges and freezes this dough for 10 minutes. Then you can bake it at 350 Fahrenheit for 15 minutes. Remove the lemon curd from the freezer and slice it into the size you want your pop to be. Insert one graham cracker stick on each pop. It slides in so easy because the lemon curd never completely freezes. If you don't want to use the cracker as the stick, you can use a regular would stick. Make sure you insert a graham cracker inside the pop before the stick, so you get the crunchiness from it. [music playing] Let's pretend this never happened. Now we just have to make the last step of the recipe, the meringue. In a bowl for a double boiler, add the egg whites and the sugar, and cook over medium heat until the sugar has dissolved. If you dip your fingers, you shouldn't feel any crystals left. Immediately transfer to a mixer and mix it until it's cool, fluffy, beautiful, and shiny, also known as a hard peak. A hard peak is a spike that forms in the tip of the whisk. As soon as you achieve this, stop whipping, or you'll stretch the egg whites too much and they will collapse. The meringue is ready. And now we just have to dip the pop into it. So I'm going to transfer this to another container. It has to be high enough so we can cover the entire surface of the pop with it. Beautiful. And you dip in. [music playing] With the back of a spoon, make the surface wavy and resemble a lemon pie. And torch it until it's toasty and beautiful. Now that my lemon meringue pie on a stick is ready, I can finally take it anywhere I want. [music playing] (SINGING) I move with the sound, give every part of me. I move with the sound. I move with the sound, bleach out the fat in me. I move with the sound. It's hard to believe that all these flavors were just in one single stick. (SINGING) I move with the sound. Yes. It is better than a regular lemon meringue pie, my friends. I you want more awesome videos like this, subscribe to Food Network's YouTube channel. We have it all there. So many options.