Twain was born Eilleen Regina Edwards in Windsor, Ontario on August 28, 1965,[14] to Sharon (née Morrison) and Clarence Edwards. Her parents divorced when she was two and her mother then moved to Timmins, Ontario with Eilleen and her sisters Jill and Carrie Ann. Sharon married Jerry Twain, an Ojibwa from the nearby Mattagami First Nation, and they had a son together, Mark. Jerry adopted the girls, legally changing their last name to Twain. When Mark was still a toddler, the Twains adopted Jerry's baby nephew, Darryl, after Darryl's mother died. Because of her connection to her adoptive father, in the past it has been reported that Twain's ancestry was Ojibwe,[15] but she stated in an interview that her biological father was part Cree, a claim that her biological father's family denies.[16] She also has Irish, French, and English ancestry.[17][18] Through a maternal great-grandmother, she is a descendant of Zacharie Cloutier.[19] Her maternal grandmother, Eileen Pearce, emigrated from Newbridge, County Kildare, Ireland.[20]
Twain had a difficult childhood in Timmins. Her parents earned little money and food was often scarce in their household. Twain did not confide her situation to school authorities, fearing they might break up the family. In the remote, rugged community, she learned to hunt and to chop wood. Sharon and Jerry's marriage was at times stormy, and from a young age, Twain witnessed violence between them. Sharon struggled with bouts of depression. In the summer of 1979, while Jerry was at work, at Twain's insistence, her mother drove the rest of the family 680 kilometres (420 mi) south to a Toronto homeless shelter for assistance.[21] Sharon returned to Jerry with the children in 1981. In Timmins, Twain started singing at bars at the age of eight to try to help pay her family's bills; she often earned 20 dollars between midnight and one in the morning performing for remaining customers after the bar had finished serving. Although she expressed a dislike for singing in those bars, Twain believes that this was her own kind of performing arts school on the road.[22] She has said of the ordeal, "My deepest passion was music and it helped. There were moments when I thought, 'I hate this.' I hated going into bars and being with drunks. But I loved the music and so I survived".[23] Twain wrote her first songs at the age of 10, Is Love a Rose and Just Like the Storybooks which were fairy tales in rhyme.[24] She states that the art of creating, of actually writing songs, "was very different from performing them and became progressively important".[24]
At the age of 13, Twain was invited to perform on CBC television's the Tommy Hunter Show. While attending Timmins High and Vocational School in Timmins, she was also the singer for a local band called "Longshot" which covered Top 40 music.[25]
In the early 1980s, Twain spent some time working with her father's reforestation business in northern Ontario, a business that employed some 75 Ojibwe and Cree workers. Although the work was demanding and the pay low, Twain said, "I loved the feeling of being stranded. I'm not afraid of being in my own environment, being physical, working hard. I was very strong, I walked miles and miles every day and carried heavy loads of trees. You can't shampoo, use soap or deodorant, or makeup, nothing with any scent; you have to bathe and rinse your clothes in the lake. It was a very rugged existence, but I was very creative and I would sit alone in the forest with my dog and a guitar and would just write songs".[26]
