"Tom has been seeing a few of the women in his life, including [ex-girlfriend] Missy [Tool], but hasn't rebounded with anyone in particular yet," an insider told Us Weekly. Still, another source claimed Tom and Missy are “just friends.”According to the first insider, Tom isn’t commenting on the failed marriage until Luann airs her side of the story. The former Countess’ first TV interview regarding the divorce airs September 6 on Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen."He didn't want to do any interviews until he sees Luann's sit-down with Andy to see if she bad-mouths him," the source told Us. "Tom is really trying to take the high road with the divorce."In a clip from the upcoming interview, Luann opens up about a fight she had with Tom in NYC restaurant. According to reports, Luann slapped him, but Luann told Andy all she did was “grab his face.”"It was in the heat of the moment. I was hurt about something. I wanted his attention, so I grabbed his face. It wasn't really a slap,” Luann said.The source close to Tom, however, claims the incident was much worse: "Tom said he was bleeding from the face and that really pushed the divorce forward because it became physical."Are you surprised Tom is already dating again so soon after his split from Luann? Sound off in the comments below!"Tom has been seeing a few of the women in his life, including [ex-girlfriend] Missy [Tool], but hasn't rebounded with anyone in particular yet," an insider told Us Weekly. Still, another source claimed Tom and Missy are “just friends.”According to the first insider, Tom isn’t commenting on the failed marriage until Luann airs her side of the story. The former Countess’ first TV interview regarding the divorce airs September 6 on Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen."He didn't want to do any interviews until he sees Luann's sit-down with Andy to see if she bad-mouths him," the source told Us. "Tom is really trying to take the high road with the divorce."In a clip from the upcoming interview, Luann opens up about a fight she had with Tom in NYC restaurant. According to reports, Luann slapped him, but Luann told Andy all she did was “grab his face.”"It was in the heat of the moment. I was hurt about something. I wanted his attention, so I grabbed his face. It wasn't really a slap,” Luann said.The source close to Tom, however, claims the incident was much worse: "Tom said he was bleeding from the face and that really pushed the divorce forward because it became physical."Are you surprised Tom is already dating again so soon after his split from Luann? Sound off in the comments below!/n