

With Katy Perry, MTV got a VMAs host, a performer, AND a piece of sporting equipment!
For her performance of Swish Swish, she took the basketball theme to the next level by riding a giant basketball while dressed like a basketball.
Oh, and Nicki Minaj performed from INSIDE a basketball.
Related: Nicki's Possible Taylor Swift Shade
As over the top (or is that above the rim?) as the performance was, it was still a thousand times better than the stale jokes they wrote for her during her hosting stint!
Ch-ch-check out the silly performance (above)!



Video #6 by tvshows_
Shawn Mendes is SO good live.
The Canadian-born cutie was pure perfection as he rocked out onstage at the MTV VMAs on Sunday! Specifically, Mr. Mendes had the crowd all kinds of lit as he SLAYED his banger, There's Nothing Holdin' Me Back.
Honestly, could Shawn be any cuter?? LOLz.
In fact, the 19-year-old's performance may've been one of the best ones of the night. We mean, the young hitmaker was in a pretty tough performance spot as he had to follow Taylor Swift's music video premiere.
Way to bring it, bud. Know we're super proud of you!!



Look what you made Taylor Swift do!
You made her craft the biggest, most explosive, fiercest, most metaphor-filled music video of all time!
In Look What You Made Me Do, Swifty becomes a zombie, a snake queen, and a super strong biker gang leader — she even swings and sings in a literal gilded cage.
But who is the shade for this time? Herself!
Taylor resurrects all the past personas of Taylor just to make fun of them!
Ch-ch-check out the self-shading video (above)!



Big sales, big attention, BIG money!!!
Taylor Swift's new music hasn't been on sale for very long, but Look What You Made Me Do is already pushing industry forecasters to predict that she'll do more than half a million downloads in its first seven days!!
Related: Is Taylor Swift Copying Beyoncé??
That's a BIG number, considering Swift's new music sold just below 200,000 downloads in the U.S. on Friday alone, and it is more downloads than any  single has sold in the last six months!
The last single to do this well was Ed Sheeran's Shape Of You, which did 200,000 downloads in a week — Swift did it in a day on Friday — back in February after his performance at the Grammys drew attention.
LWYMMD should also easily debut at #1 on the September 16 digital sales chart, which reflects tracking through August 31st.
Beyond that, all eyes are on whether Swift can really do half a million downloads in the first week. If she can, that'll be the biggest sales week for any song since Adele's Hello, which sold 653,000 in its second week (the first week of November, 2015) after a whopping 1.11 million downloads in its debut.
Think Swift can find her way into Adele territory?! Did U download it to help all these huge numbers??
Let us know in the comments (below)!!!
[Image via WENN.]



The Beyhive is still up in arms that Taylor Swift may have copied Beyoncé in the video for her new single Look What You Made Me Do, but at least one person is adamant that is NOT the case!
Swift's video director, Joseph Kahn, came out on Friday night to defend the singer against accusations she copied Queen Bey's incredible Lemonade visual album!
Related: Break Down Of Look What You Made Me Do Lyrics
Here's what Kahn had to say about those pesky plagiarism accusations (below): 

I've worked with Beyoncé a few times. She's an amazing person. The #LWYMMDvideo is not in her art space. Love and respect to Bey.
— Joseph Kahn (@JosephKahn) August 26, 2017
"Not in her art space."
Hmmm…
Related: Is The Taylor-Katy Feud OVER?!
Thoughts??? Let us know in the comments (below)!!!
As we've seen, we already know what the Beyhive thinks!!!
[Image via ATP/WENN.]



And she made some pretty good points doing it!!
Taylor Swift has dropped new music, and amid all the energy and excitement around that, we've been left to wonder whether her long-standing feud with Katy Perry is actually over. 
Related: Taylor Is FAR From The Only Artist To Make A Diss Track!
Ashley Tisdale is wondering that, too, but apparently she thinks it's not over — because this is what she tweeted earlier on Saturday morning (below): 

Music is supposed to bring us together. It's supposed to unite us. When we have artists targeting each other for the sake of controversy…
— Ashley Tisdale (@ashleytisdale) August 26, 2017


The art suffers. When will try to stop bringing each other down and start lifting us up when we live in a world that's doing exactly that?
— Ashley Tisdale (@ashleytisdale) August 26, 2017
Not a bad point, really!
We've seen a world around us that is crumbling thanks to massive social and political issues around the country — and the globe — and you can make the argument music has its place in uniting people!
But then Tisdale added this tweet, too (below):


And I'm not talking about one person I'm talking about the music in general.
— Ashley Tisdale (@ashleytisdale) August 26, 2017
Whaaaaaaaa…???
This isn't about "music in general" and this obviously is "about one person" — and that's OK! Just own it, girl!!!
Here's the screenshot, in case she wipes it later (below):

But really, it's not a bad opinion at all! She just needs to own it!!
What do U think, Perezcious readers?!
Do U agree with Tisdale's take about music as a weapon tearing people down?? More to the point, do U think Swift and Perry are still feuding??
Let us know in the comments (below)!!!
[Image via ATP/Dave Starbuck/Future Image/WENN.]



Video #11 by tvshows_ by tvshows_
Hell yeah, Pink!
The best way to accept the MTV VMAs' highest honor, the Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award, is to remind everyone exactly why you deserve that it!
In an insanely complicated bit of choreo, Pink entered the Forum on a flying car, then drove to a riding mower, and joined some dancers all while singing a medley of Get The Party Started, Raise Your Glass, So What, Just Give Me A Reason, Perfect, and What About Us!
Video: Watch Drake Pay Tribute To Last Year's Recipient, Rihanna!
And all that was before Ellen DeGeneres came onstage to hilariously present her with the Moon Person!
Speaking of the Moon Person, Pink dedicated the moment to her daughter and the speech she had to give her about androgynous rock stars and showing people how to see different kinds of beauty. LOVES it!
Ch-ch-check out the wonderful, moving moment (above)!

