





                    Did Aaron Carter Have a "Mental Breakdown" Over Breakup on Twitter?
                







Yikes!

 MORE >>





Aaron Carter was arrested in Georgia Saturday (July 15th) on suspicion of driving under the influence, pot possession, and obstruction of law enforcement officers.

The singer was charged with three misdemeanors — DUI, possession of less than one ounce of marijuana, and possession of drug-related objects — after he was taken in custody on Saturday (July 15th), according to police records. His girlfriend, Madison Parker, was also arrested for alleged drug-related offenses.
Carter’s bail was set at $4,610, while Parker’s was set at $4,360. They reportedly posted bail Sunday afternoon.
Soon after his arrest, the 29-year-old took to social media to slam his older brother, Nick Carter, who publicly reached out to Aaron when he heard the news of his DUI. “To my brother: I love u no matter what & if u feel the need to reach for help, I am here and willing to help you get better,” Nick tweeted. “Family isn’t always easy, be we’re all here for you.”

To my brother: I love u no matter what & if u feel the need to reach for help, I am here and willing to help you get better.
— Nick Carter (@nickcarter) July 16, 2017


Family isn’t always easy,be we’re all here for you.
— Nick Carter (@nickcarter) July 16, 2017


“If my own blood truly cared about my well-being, why wouldn’t he call me directly and have a conversation instead of making this about him through a very public forum? That’s not cool at all to use me for his PR and kick me while I am down,” Aaron retorted. “I love my family despite it through thick and thin.”
Nick appeared to respond to his younger sibling by retweeting a note from sister Lauren Kitt Carter, reading, “Hey @aaroncarter have @itsmadisonp text me your new number since you changed it again!”

Hey @aaroncarter have @itsmadisonp text me your new number since you changed it again!
— Lauren Kitt Carter (@Lauren_Kitt) July 17, 2017

In a statement released my Aaron, he alleged he was “targeted” by the police because of his “celebrity.” He also claimed he was  not in the vehicle at the time of his arrest, and was denied a right to an attorney when authorities booked him.
“Aaron’s been traveling non-stop doing promotions on his latest hit single ‘Sooner or Later’ across the southeast when his automobile had a new tire put on it and it went out of alignment,” the statement read. “Aaron drove the vehicle to the nearest Auto Zone in Cornelia, Georgia. After being at the store and requesting help to get his alignment fixed, he was arrested inside by several police officers with aggression. The police also revoked his rights to have an attorney.”
The statement continued, “Aaron holds a medical license for medical marijuana for his long standing anxiety. He feels his ‘celebrity’ was targeted and an attorney will be retained in this matter. The video from Auto Zone will prove that Aaron was not in a moving vehicle while arrested and charged with a DUI.”

Thank you ALL for your prayers & well wishes. I am so sorry to all my fans that I missed. The truth will come out! Read my statement here: pic.twitter.com/XaiKqUeXxh
— Aaron Carter (@aaroncarter) July 17, 2017



Read more about this story and catch up on other celebrity news headlines from the weekend, including:

Caitlyn Jenner Wants to Run for Office
Martin Landau Dead at 89
Scott Disick Makes Out with Emma Blanchard During Hamptons Party
Ed Sheeran Makes a Cameo on Game of Thrones Season 7 Premiere
George A. Romero Passes Away at 77



Top Celebrity News Stories—July 17, 2017








































6 Photos »


/n