What did Cersei Lannister really think of Daenerys Targaryen when she walked up to her in the Dragonpit during Sunday’s Game of Thrones finale?EW was on the set last November for the filming of the epic meeting in Spain and we asked actress Lena Headey during a break in filming. Obviously, Cersei was shooting some major eye daggers at the Mother of Dragons, then afterward she snarked to Tyrion that Dany is “a foreign whore who doesn’t know her place.” But what was running through her mind in the photo above after Dany landed on Drogon?“I think she’s immediately envious because Daenerys is more beautiful and younger than she is and the prophecy says somebody younger and more beautiful will take her place so I’m sure that’s at the forefront of her mind,” Headey said. “And Tyrion is her Hand, so she couldn’t be any worse.”Ah, yes, the prophecy! Maggy the Frog’s prediction to a teenage Cersei during the flashback that kicked off season 5: “You’ll never wed the prince. You’ll wed a king … You’ll be queen. For a time. Then comes another — younger, more beautiful — to cast you down and take all that you hold dear … The king will have 20 children, you’ll have three. Gold will be their crowns; gold their shrouds.”While prophecies have a spotty track record on GoT, every piece of Maggy’s prediction has so far come true — except for the line about somebody casting her down. While we’re not touching that “more beautiful” bit (plenty of Cersei fans would disagree with Headey’s comparative modesty, now with Jaime Lannister leaving Cersei to help fight the Army of the Dead, it certainly seems like another part of the prophecy may be coming true.FROM PEN: The Red Wedding Is Still One Of Game Of Thrones Biggest Game Changing MomentsWe also asked Headey about Cersei’s big lie — pledging to help Jon Snow (er, Aegon Targaryen) and Dany combat the Night King while scheming to build up her forces to crush them instead. “I think her lie will be very shocking,” Headey predicted. “She’s such a bitch. She’s so unforgiving of everybody.”Also check out Headey starring in a new Kasabian music video.Read our “The Dragon and the Wolf” coverage: 
— Game of Thrones stars react to that huge Jon Snow reveal 
— Game of Thrones actor on his shocking season 7 finale death
— How that Jon Snow twist changes everything
— Game of Thrones showrunners on the loss of Littlefinger
— Your 10 biggest finale questions answered
— Deep-dive recap
— Game of Thrones podcastGame of Thrones will return to HBO for its final season in the back half of 2018 or in 2019 for six episodes.This article originally appeared on Ew.com/n