
Prince Harry is getting set to ‘pop the question’ to Meghan Markle this year!
RadarOnline.com can reveal that the British Royal is ‘madly in love’ with the Suits actress and wants to make her his wife sooner than later.
New details have emerged showing just how the close the pair has now become.
PHOTOS:Prince Harry And Meghan Markle Will Make First Official Outing At Pippa’s Wedding
· They face time one another twice a day.
· Harry and Meghan never go a month apart despite their hectic schedules.
· The actress has a wardrobe full of her clothes at his Kensington Palace quarters
· She cooks organically for them in his kitchen that is well stocked with her healthy cookbooks.
· She knows the police and security team so well now she does not need a pass to come and go from Kensington Palace.
More importantly, Harry has been telling friends that Meghan is the woman he wants to spend the rest of his life with and he could propose on or around his 33rd birthday which on September 15, 2017.
And his friends fully expect that Meghan, 35, would say ‘yes’ to the heir to the British throne.
PHOTOS: Meghan Markle Caught Wearing Ring As Prince Harry Proceeds with Engagement Plans!
Tomorrow (Sunday) marks the one-year anniversary for the happy couple whose relationship seems to be going from strength to strength.
An insider revealed: “Harry has found the girl he wants to spend the rest of his life with – he’s is fuelling all the talk about the future.”
If he were to pop the question on his birthday then the lovebirds could go public at theInvictus Games in Toronto a week later, so, he could show off his new fiancée to a larger audience.
PHOTOS: Prince Harry & Meghan Markle Caught Holding Hands On Hot London Date
Following Royal protocol Harry would have to ask the Queen’s permission for a specific date for the couple to get married.
We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at (866) ON-RADAR (667-2327) any time, day or night. /n