-From the first film, we know that you are sort of the cooler of the two dads. -Yeah. -You and Will -- I think it comes across in the clip, as well. What about -- You have children. You had a premiere for the film. Do they think it´s cool that their dad is Mark Wahlberg? Did they come to the premiere? -They did not come to the premiere. -Really? -They basically refused to come to the premiere. -Why -- Why did they refuse? -They were like, "Dad, we´ll see it whenever we see it." I´m like, "Come on, everybody is going to be there. Will´s going to be there. John Cena is going to be there." They had no interest. And, of course, Will shows up with his wife and the kids and they´re all in suits and dressed up and -- But, you know, they just didn´t want to go. The boys were watching football. My daughter is on the phone, doing her thing. -Do they just -- Do you think it´s that they aged out of their dad being cool? Do you think your heyday of being a cool dad is over? -It´s been over. -Okay. -You know, so now I´m like, I don´t make a point to embarrass them, but I´m not going to try to hide my affection for them either. So, they´re like, "Dad, drop us off in the alley at the school." And I´m like "No. I´m going to walk you in. I´m getting a kiss in front of all your friends. And that´s it." But, if they need something, if they want to meet Drake, or they want somebody that, you know, they know Dad knows or can hookup... -Yeah. -...then they´ll say, "Oh, yeah Dad, we think you´re cool for five minutes." -Gotcha. [ Laughter ] So they´re not smart enough, if they want to meet Drake, to, like, be nice for a week leading up to the ask? They just -- -For a week? No. They´ll be nice for five minutes. If they don´t get what they want, when they want, they´re just right back to not talking to me or just, you know, being, you know, kids. But, you know, they´re kids, so I understand. -I´m not that -- My son is a year and a half, and he´s just super. I think he thinks I´m the coolest dude he´s ever met ´cause he´s only met like six dudes. [ Laughter ] -Enjoy it while it lasts. -Yeah, I´m going to. -And more importantly, be grateful that it´s not a girl. And, now, mind you, the best relationship that I have with my daughter -- Daddy/daughter relationship is great, but when they become teenagers, something happens. You have no idea what to do about it, how to handle it. The hormones, the emotions. It´s absolute torture, so -- I mean, watch out. -That´s really sweet. [ Laughter ] -Yeah, it´s sweet until it happens to you. And like I said, we´re cool. But you know what? The whole thing with the boys and all of this stuff, I´m just not ready for it. -Yeah, I gotcha. So, I want to ask about this because Will was here yesterday and I didn´t have a chance to ask him about it. But your assistant -- Did your assistant get a part in the film in the end? -He got a part in the end, but he got cut. -Oh, he got cut. -Yeah, and he only auditioned for like one line. One word, really. -Okay. He´s yelling one word in the audience of the -- the improv club. But we made him audition to Tim Hutton´s most emotional scenes in "Ordinary People." -[ Laughs ] So wait -- -And he spent weeks and weeks and weeks studying these scenes, learning the lines. Like, he emoted in front of me and Will and Chris Henchy for like -- -So you made him audition in front -- He didn´t have to audition. He auditioned for you and Will and Chris Henchy. -We are the producers of the film. We basically said, "Yes. You have to do this." And you know what? He did a good job. But then they -- he didn´t -- he did a good job in the audition, but maybe didn´t do a good job in the actual scene. -Yeah, so you had to -- -So the scene got cut. What can I do? But I told Tim Hutton. Tim Hutton and I worked on a movie after that, and I told him, and Tim really wanted to see the footage. -Oh, really? Did you show -- -I didn´t get it in time. And I don´t think he would have -- I think at first he thought we were paying homage, but then I think I realized that he might not have liked it after he saw it. -Wasn´t quite up to Tim´s standards. -Right, exactly. -Won an Oscar for that part. -He did win an Oscar for that part. I forgot that. Now, I also heard that -- so Will -- John Lithgow plays Will´s father. -Uh-huh. -And they have a fight scene. And you encourage them not just to go for it when you were shooting it, but to like actually physically go for it in rehearsal. -John is a method guy. Will is -- You know how Will -- -Yeah. -He´s a such sweet guy, right? So he doesn´t want to say anything to John. So, like, you know, when they had to do the first big, long, awkward kiss, right, I´m like, "Oh, that was really good. You guys got to do that again." And then I keep telling John, "Do it more often." Then John is doing it at rehearsals, he´s doing it when they´re just blocking the scene. And Will would never say anything, but I could tell he was getting annoyed. So I would start, you know -- It was giving me great pleasure. [ Laughter ] And then when they started doing the fight scene, you know, John was just, like, putting him in a headlock. And you could tell Will -- ´cause, like, we did 15 takes of the first scene where I had to give him a heart pump and try to revive him. And he didn´t say anything until, like, I almost caved his chest in. He was like, "Maybe now that you got the hard one in, you do one of those soft ones. You probably have a soft one in you." So I´m like, "Okay." So, and then John was just torturing him. It was a lot of fun.