-Thank you so much for being here! -Yeah, my pleasure! -And I want you -- I owe you extra thanks. -Okay. -We had you booked first, and then we actually had to ask you would you be willing to be a second guest to Hillary Rodham Clinton and you said, "Yeah." -I´m not the first guest? [ Laughter ] -No, Hillary Rodham Clinton was just out here, yeah. -Hillary? An impersonator? -No, no. We had the real -- The real Hillary, yeah. -Was on. -Yeah. -Just minutes ago? -Just right before you, yeah. -Why am I even out here? -Yeah. [ Laughter ] -Yeah. -I mean, I think it´s still, you know, we can get across -- -Oh,. Wow, Hillary? -Yeah. -Was sitting here? -What were you watching in your dressing room? -I was playing Sega Genesis. [ Laughter ] Yeah. -The very old. -The very old Sega. -We don´t have one. Did you bring -- -I have a pocket Sega Genesis I bring... -Oh, gotcha. Oh, gosh, yeah. -...with me. -Well, you missed Hillary Rodham Clinton. How´d you do? Were you doing well? -I was playing -- What was I -- I was playing "Centipede." Yeah, yeah. -Gotcha, wow! -On Sega Genesis. -Oh, wow. -Oh, so I´m the second guest? -Yeah. -That´s -- that´s still good. -Yeah! [ Cheers and applause ] -Because it´s -- It´s 1:18 in the morning. Yeah. -Yeah, it´s a little late now. -I couldn´t figure out why it was so late. -Yeah, it´s really late. -And I´m like, "They´ll knock on my door at some point." -Yeah. And that´s the thing -- Well, you say, like, time doesn´t move. -By the way, this is Sega Genesis, just so those at home, if you´re just tuning on right at this moment, people will know. [ Laughter ] You might want to do a lower third. -A very small one. Yeah, we´ll put Sega Genesis there. And then hopefully, they´ll send you some free stuff if we get a Sega. -Ooh! [ Laughter ] -So you shot "Daddy´s Home 2" in Boston. -I did. Yeah, we did. -And you were staying at the hotel when the Celtics were in the playoffs last year. -Right. -Every team that the Celtics played in the playoffs would come through. -Would stay at the Ritz-Carlton that I was staying at, and I would run into the players, occasionally. One time I ran into some of the Washington Wizards, who then said, "Wait, you got to come with me." Took me into a room which was two adjoining rooms and was their impromptu training area. -Oh, they were playing basketball inside? -No, no, no. They were giving people massages. Not the players, the training staff. -Okay. This is getting very shady. Are you sure it was the Wizards? [ Laughter ] Are you sure these people played for a basketball team? -Yeah, the wizards. They were six Asian guys. They call themselves the Wizards. [ Laughter ] -It was not -- I think you walked into a -- -I was in the South end of Boston. -Okay, so you walked out of the Ritz-Carlton. -Yeah, I was out of the -- -Okay, yeah, I don´t think that was a basketball team. -Okay. Well, I did, however -- okay, here´s the true part of this story. [ Laughter ] This is the best part right here. So, this -- the teams would stay at this hotel, ´cause they also had a -- it was connected to an Equinox gym. Hope I get an Equinox pass for that. Sega Genesis. Lifetime membership to Equinox. -Oh, a lifetime? Yeah. -So, they had a gym there, so the teams would stay in that hotel ´cause they could do their pregame workout. -Mm-hmm. -And the Cavaliers were there. And I´m, you know, lifting weights... -Yeah. -...using the Universal weight system. [ Laughter and applause ] Love to get some Universal weights. And I see Lebron James. -All right, that´s pretty good. -So, I´ve -- I don´t usually bother people. I kind of know Kevin Love a little bit. -Uh-huh. UCLA, right? -I said hi to Kevin. UCLA. I said hi him, and then I went over to Lebron. I´m like, "I just have to say hello. How are you?" And I just said, "I was just telling my wife the other night that you need to run for President. -Mm-hmm. -You´re from the Midwest. -Yep. -You´re very famous. You´re very popular. You´re very articulate. Please run for office." So, Lebron. [ Laughter ] -Doubled down. -I´m telling you now, we need you. [ Cheers and applause ] And I would love some of your shoes. -Oh, my God. Really? Can this be -- You just have one genuine thing without it being about getting free stuff. -I´ve got four things coming my way, so yeah. -I think, at best, you´re going to get one or two.