-Welcome back! [ Cheers and applause ] -Good to be here, buddy. -Always great to see you. -Thank you. Thank you. -Got to see you with one of the sweetest women in the world, Kelly Clarkson, right there. She´s an adviser this year. You´re saying no. Maybe not. -She used to be a friend, but now she´s competition. -Oh, I see. -Yeah. -So once anybody joins the realm of "The Voice," a history of friendship goes out the window. -Yeah, because we had actually started filming the blind auditions for season 14. -Got it. -So we´re in competition mode right now. -Because she´ll be a judge in season 14. -That´s right. -That´s interesting. So no matter what your history is, they´re just dead to you immediately. -Enemy, yep. -Wow. Well, again, this is why you´re so successful. -That´s right! -Because other judges let things like a heart get in their way. -That´s -- Can´t do it. -You can´t do it. -Can´t do it, man. I didn´t sign on to lose. -That´s right. -That´s right. -You -- but... -They hired me to win the show. -You -- Just to speak to your history, You guys have done a duet together, you and Kelly. -We´ve done a duet together on a Christmas album, and then we´ve done another duet together live a bunch of times, which is actually a hit that she had with Jason Aldean. -Uh-huh. And do you enjoy -- So, you go out and you sing with Kelly? Is it very loose when you do something like that? Do you get nervous when you´re singing on somebody else´s show? -[ Sighs ] I get nervous when I sing with Kelly. I mean, look -- I can do -- I can sing a little bit. -Yeah. -But Kelly -- -That´s what everyone here says. -But -- [ Laughter ] -Exactly. So Kelly and I, we´ve have known each other for every bit of ten years, and we´ve been great friends it´s -- Oh, my God, the stories I could tell, but -- She used to come to my shows back in the day every now and then, and hang out and that´s actually -- That´s another story. Never mind. She used to come hang out at my shows and she had this hit song at the time with Jason Aldean called "Don´t You Want to Stay Here a Little While." And... at some point it was like, "Hey, you´re coming to my shows. You got this -- How about I work up that song with my band? You´re here anyway goofing off, getting drunk. [ Laughter ] You come out in the middle of my show and nobody knows you´re here, and it´ll be huge." And so we did that, and she came out. And I remember the first time she ever did it, she came out and the crowd -- It erupted. "It´s Kelly Clarkson. -Sure. -Oh, my God. We only paid to see Blake. -Yeah. [ Laughter ] -We got our money´s worth now," you know what I´m saying? So, anyway, it was incredible and then she came again. It happened, like, three times at my shows, and I remember every night after it was over I would go backstage and hanging out and we´re all partying and having fun and be like, you know, "What did you think? I mean, that was unbelievable." And every time she would be like, "Eh, that was pretty cool." And I´m, like, "What? There was -- All these people freaked out." And so then she had a show. This was a long -- this is way longer than you thought. -No, but this is nice payoff. I´m excited. -So then she had a show in L.A. and she called and said, "Hey, I want you to come do that song at my show this time." And I owed her one. -Sure. -So I went. -Technically you owed her three, I think. -No, that´s -- Please don´t hear that, Kelly. And so I went out and did the song with her that night and after the show I said, you know, "Oh, my God, that was so cool, man. What did you think?" And the same thing it´s, like, "Well, it was pretty good." [ Laughter ] And I remember, I go, "What -- What in the hell?" Like, what -- I thought -- I thought I was hitting the notes I was singing. -Yeah. -I know I was singing on pitch, damn it. [ Laughter ] And she looked at me, and I´ll have to clean this up, but she said, "How come you never sing the song like we´re screwing?" [ Laughter ] And I remember thinking, "What?" So -- And I rem-- And the reason that even came up is ´cause now she´s a coach on "The Voice" and I go, "Kelly, you can´t be saying stuff like that to these kids." -Yeah! Well, I´m glad. -So... -I´m glad you´re there to keep her on the straight and narrow. -Thanks for making me tell that story, too. -I like that story a lot. -I enjoyed it. This audience, they´re... -I would -- Now, hopefully, singing like that is easier now with Gwen stefani because now you do duets with her. You co-wrote a song. -It works better with Gwen. -Yeah. -Yeah. -You´re, like, already there. You don´t have to do any of the pretend part. -Well, I mean, you know. [ Laughter and applause ]