-I want to ask about this. Because, um, do you have a scuba background? Because you went to an opening of an aquarium in Missouri? -Yes. Yeah, Johnny Morris opened this beautiful wildlife museum. Johhny Morris is the founder of Bass Pro Shop. -Uh-huh. -And all of a sudden, George Bush was there, Jimmy Carter. They´re like, "oh, you want to get in the shark tank?" I´m like, "no, I don´t want to get in the shark tank." They´re like, "no, no, no, it would be really cool. Get in the shark tank with the stingrays and everything else." Next thing you know, I´m diving in this tank. I mean, I literally just showed up to say hello. -Uh-huh. -To show my support for the opening of the museum. -And there you are. That´s, I guess, a little stingray, right? -Yeah. -Although, I don´t mean to say little. If I saw that, I´d be terrified. -That´s how that guy Steve Irwin died. -Yeah. -He got stabbed by a stingray. -I don´t think in, like, an aquarium, though. [ Laughter ] -You know what? I don´t think they´re, like, really trainable animals, either. You know, like, "hey, this one´s not a stinger." That´s a stinger right there, that thing on the back. Yeah, that´s the little thing that -- -No, I think they have to go through a really -- a long training before they let them in the aquarium. -Well, anyway, I went there. We´re trying to persuade these guys to do this Wahlburger partnership, open restaurants in these Bass Pro Shops. ´cause people go there for, like, six hours, and they´re like, "yeah, we´re really into the idea." But now we´re in a tank, and we still don´t have a Wahlburgers in a Bass Pro Shop. [ Laughter ] -Oh, so this was -- you saw this as a business opportunity, and it totally backfired. -You see what I do to support my brand? Uh, yeah. And didn´t work out quite the way I had hoped, so... -And was it -- did it increase the pressure to have two ex-presidents watch you get into a scuba tank? -Oh, they´re all sitting there just having hors d´oeuvres and cocktails and looking... Basically paying no attention to me whatsoever -- -Well, I guess that´s the thing is -- -And you can´t really see out. -Yeah. -You know? And I´m like, "I´ve got to go somewhere else the same day." -Yeah. -And, like, people just kind of left me. There was one other diver. And they were just, like, doing these signals. -[ Laughs ] -And I´m like, "I don´t know scuba signals." -Also, you can barely tell it´s you. So it´s not that exciting to watch if someone´s like, "ladies and gentlemen, Mark Wahlberg." You´d be like, "that could be anybody." -Exactly. -You do get a -- which is very surprising to me, because you´ve been doing this so long and you´re so recognizable. But you do get mistaken for one actor more than other actors. -Yes. -You want to tell us who it is? -My fellow Bostonian Matt Damon. -Yeah. -And by the way, your clip about all the Boston movies... -Oh... -Was one of the funniest things I´ve ever seen. -[ Laughs ] Thank you. -Much better Boston accent than most of the people in Boston, by the way, so thank you for that. -Yes, I don´t think I´m top tier, but I do think I´m better than bottom. -No, it´s -- it´s pretty high. -Yeah. -It´s pretty high. So anyway, yeah, he gets recognized, you know, for me and I get recognized for him. But I never tell people. I never correct anybody. Somebody comes up and says, "hey, I loved you in ´The Bourne.´" I´m like, "thank you. I got another one coming out soon." And I just keep going. [ Cheers and applause ] It´s like, I start explaining -- -Yeah. -I didn´t want to apologize. -Yeah. -They think I´m offended. I´m not offended at all. Not a problem, thank you very much. -[ Laughs ] -I´ll see you later. -You shot some of this movie, "Daddy´s Home 2," in Boston. -Yes. -Is it exciting for you to shoot in Boston? -No. -Okay. -Well, like, random people showing up unannounced and uninvited. No. -Oh, right, ´cause you have such... -But every -- yeah, I have a long history there. You know, it´s nice to be able to see my mom and stuff. But, you know, like, everybody´s like, "oh, I love Boston!" Everybody who, like, went to school to Boston or spent a little time, spent the summer in Nantucket or on the cape, they love it. You know, if you´ve been there, you know, there´s a reason why you wanna -- I mean, I love going back. And I appreciate that I can go back. But I have people from my past, some of them kind of sketchy that´ll show up unannounced. Like, my friends were, like, plotting to steal camera equipment before on "The Perfect Storm." And they were like, "wow, that thing looks expensive." I´m like, "yeah, it´s like $250,000." They´re like, "oh, let´s put it in the trunk." [ Laughter ] I´m like, "who are you going to "sell a Panovision camera to? You´re going to sell it to "George at the store for 500 bucks "and a free -- free pizza? He´s not gonna be able to use it. They´re gonna -- they´re gonna catch you." -I didn´t think of it that way. That makes a lot of sense. Hey, it´s always great to see you. Congrats on the film. It´s a pleasure. -Thanks for having me.